AK-12: In order to reduce my processing load, I usually "close" my eyes. Don't worry though, as this does not affect my vision nor judgment.

AK-12: People don't need to force themselves this hard. After all, not everyone is born to be chosen by the call of duty.

AK-12: Hm? What are you doing being all sneaky peeky like, Commander? Something interesting going on?

AK-12: I didn't have much faith in you at first, Commander.

AK-12: But you always stayed fresh and unique, so I couldn't keep my eyes off you...

AK-12: My, is this what they call charisma? I'm expecting great things from you...

AK-12: Hm...a new Commander? Let's just see how long you'll keep me entertained.

AK-12: ...Hmm? Are you sneaking peeks at me? We're already used to each other, so why not just look at me properly?

AK-12: Hm...a new Commander? Let's just see how long you'll keep me entertained.

AK-12: I can tell it's you without having to look, Commander.

AK-12: A new employee? Hurry up and introduce yourself!

AK-12: If only that person is here too...

AK-12: Performance upgrade is a waste without tactical understandings.

AK-12: Dummy doll's performance cannot be compare to me. I have to rely on myself of course!

AK-12: Don't need any deep computation for this kind of missions.

AK-12: Finally done. Whats up next.

AK-12: Starting automated operations.

AK-12: Time to get serious, mission start.

AK-12: Prepare for attack.

AK-12: Radar scan, start.

AK-12: Deep computating mode.

AK-12: Removing fire rate limit.

AK-12: Damage exceeds predicted levels.

AK-12: Mission failed, preparing to retreat.

AK-12: Saving mission results... Save complete.

AK-12: Verifying mission data.

AK-12: What is it? Ah, it's just candy. Ah, look over there! There's a shrine maiden!

AK-12: I love this season. The crimson red of blood on pure white snow. Ah, I was talking about Santa.

AK-12: Hatsumodo? I'll pass. I already went there.

AK-12: That damn AN-94 forcing me to receive this chocolate. Ah, Commander. Are you hungry? I got sweets.

AK-12: I don't remember any of my wish. Moreover let's go to the festival already.

AK-12: Girls' Frontline! 

A month ago, in a territory of dispute in Area S09...

M4A1: Current time is 0559, the sky is clear.

M16A1: Let's get cracking, M4.

M4A1: Persica, this is the AR Team.

M4A1: We have already reached coordinates V6J69-HJYRV, Rendezvous Point A in Sangvis territory. There is no wind, and the view is clear.

M4A1: Repeating mission objective——Search for all histories and research data signed with the name ‘Lyco' and bring them back to 16LAB.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then...where should we start?

ST AR-15: We'll take over a command post first and hack into the Sangvis database for the information.

M4A1: Our target is the command post over there. AR Team, operation commence.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

M4A1: Command post successfully taken over. Hacking into the database.

ST AR-15: ...Have you guys thought about the objective of our mission this time?

M16A1: Got something to say, AR-15?

ST AR-15: The mission Persica originally requested was to 'collect research data'.

ST AR-15: But now we're all the way here in Sangvis territory, looking for stuff left behind by some dead guy...

M4A1: As tactical T-Dolls, we only have to accomplish our missions.

ST AR-15: Yeah... I'm just curious.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, I got into the database. Come and have a look!

M16A1: ...Oh?

M16A1: This building designated as Safe House 3 holds a computer main frame used by Lyco to store data back when he was alive.

M4A1: OK. Target confirmed. Let us continue our mission.

M4A1: Persica, this is the AR Team. We have targeted a safe house and are currently heading for our destination.

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's get going! Tasty Sangvis are waiting for us!

ST AR-15: Behave. We're not here for fun!

M16A1: Stay hidden and finish off the Sangvis scouts. Let's go!
Part 2

2

M4A1: Calling Persica. The operation is going smoothly. The AR Team has reached Safe House 3.

Persica: Woo-hoo! Can you find Lyco's stuff?

M4A1: We have probed the interface, but the system is so archaic we cannot break the verification structure.

M4A1: We will need a passcode to activate the system promptly.

Persica: Hmm... Try '90WISHROCK', followed by the letter 'X', all in caps.

M4A1: ...Verified. Browsing database.

Persica: Splendid! Copy everything into your memory bank and bring them back.

M4A1: Understood. Copying data. Comms system will be shut off temporarily.

ST AR-15: ...So, we're messing with a Sangvis database in Sangvis territory, looking for information that even Sangvis Ferri have no idea they have?

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha♪ Isn't that fun? It's like a treasure hunt!

??: Indeed. Thanks to you, the treasure is finally ours.

Agent: 'Agent', Sangvis Ferri Manufacture. I have been awaiting your arrival.

M16A1: ...Agent?!

M16A1: Why would such a high-ranking Sangvis unit be here?!

Agent: This safe house holds something 'Master' seeks.

Agent: Unfortunately, the system is from a bygone time so even we were not able to crack it.

M4 SOPMOD II: And so...we've done you a huge favor, haven't we?

Agent: Master said you would come for sure.

Agent: I just have to capture you, dismember you, and extract your memory banks, and Master will have the 'answer'.

ST AR-15: Detecting signals of numerous Sangvis units! This bitch... She's for real!

M4A1: Copying still in progress. We must persist until it is complete.

M4A1: Everyone, prepare for defensive maneuver!
Part 3: Unused part? (Not viewable in index, does not seem to match story)

    3chevron_right

M16A1: Oh? There are Griffin T-Dolls nearby. Looks like they're having a go at Sangvis Ferri.

M4A1: They are at a disadvantage, but there is nothing we can do.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmm? Can't we pop over and lend a hand?

ST AR-15: Save it, SOP-II. You only want to debone some Sangvis.

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh♪ Busted.

M4A1: They have surrounded the safe house! Get into positions and prepare for battle!

M16A1: There are too many of them! Mind your surroundings and save ammo, especially you, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: I will! AR-15, watch my back!

ST AR-15: Leave it to me! M4, will that affect your ability to issue commands?

M4A1: No, the transfer does not take up too much RAM. Still, you will have to keep an eye on enemy movements for me, M16.

M16A1: Piece of cake. Just hang on for a little longer, and we'll all go home together!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

M16A1: The first wave is over. Let's catch our breath.

M4 SOPMOD II: Dammit! There's no end to this! Can't we contact Persica?

M16A1: Sangvis Ferri has already sniffed us out. All pre-set communications modules have been automatically deactivated to avoid leaking 16Lab's intelligence.

M4A1: Transfer only at 50%. Can you hold on till it is complete?

ST AR-15: No, we're too outnumbered. Another round and we're sitting ducks.

M16A1: ...Guys, there is a way.

M16A1: A backup squad from Griffin is in the area. They've been on stand-by for a long time, so they were most likely left behind.

M16A1: M4, change our authorization signals and make it their priority to support us.

M4A1: Understood. AR-15, SOP II.

M4A1: Please direct the squad in repelling enemy forces. M16, stay here and protect me.

M4 SOPMOD II: Got it. Make sure you hang in there till we come back for you!

Half an hour later.

M4A1: ...Transfer complete!

M16A1: Phew!

M16A1: The backup squad seems to be working.

M4A1: Yes. Get AR-15 and SOP-II. We are getting out of here.

Agent: No, you aren't...

M16A1: Agent's signal is fast approaching!

Agent: ...Rubbish T-Dolls that can only wield useless metal sticks in petty fights against maggots in the kitchen!

...!!

...

M4A1: ...Cough...cough! M16...cough...where are you...

Agent: You don't have time to worry about someone else, M4A1.

M4A1: Ugh!

Agent: ...Because...I have brought Death to your doorstep.

Agent: I have brought Death to your doorstep.

Agent: Now, open your eyes...

Agent: Look at me, Tactical Doll M4A1, look at me.

Agent: It's time for your finale, and you must stay till the show is over.

M4A1: Cough...

M4A1: A...gent...

Agent: Interesting. Even the look in your eyes is different from theirs in the face of Death.

Agent: But this is the look I want. Show more shock! More indignation! More hatred!

M4A1: Cough...cough...

Agent: You've stolen something that's very important to Master. Do you think you can just leave?

Agent: I'll kill you first, then your AR Team, and those Griffin T-Dolls still slaving away for you.

Agent: Very soon, they'll be completely at a loss, like infants who've lost their parents.

Agent: They'll struggle blindly on the battlefield, and fall prey to us...

Agent: You just have to die... And you will, in just a few more seconds!

M16A1: ...Sorry, but she won't be dying here.

Agent: ...!

M16A1: I'll spare you the wait! Go to hell right now,

M16A1: Sangvis scum!

M4A1: Cough...cough...

M16A1: Yeah, thank me. Death's scythe missed you by a hair's breadth yet again.

M4A1: Phew... M16, how is the situation outside? AR-15 and SOP-II are still...

ST AR-15: We're back, but Sangvis reinforcements are here. We have to retreat soon.

M4 SOPMOD II: The backup squad can hold them off for a while. Let's go!

M16A1: M4, you all right issuing commands? You seem to be in pretty bad shape.

M4A1: I am fine...cough... M16, please do some repairs on me. I will run a diagnostic on my command system first.

M4A1: It is fine. The tactical maps are intact. What about the comms system?

Skorpion: Comms are functioning normally! We're hearing you loud and clear!

M4A1: (...So they are the squad that stayed behind.)

M4A1: ...I am so sorry, but you will have to bring up the rear.

PPSh-41: No problem, comrade. It's our duty.

M4A1: (...They...still have no idea they are being left behind.)

M4A1: Thank you. We will finish evacuating as soon as possible.

ST AR-15: The backup squad can't hold them off forever. We have to hurry!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

M4 SOPMOD II: Phew... Can we catch our breath yet?

ST AR-15: Not yet! There are still too many of them! We can't make it out!

M16A1: Then let's switch to backup Plan C, just as we've agreed.

M4A1: You mean...I return to Griffin HQ alone and ask for help?

M16A1: Yeah. We'll scatter to draw their fire. That'll buy you some time.

M4A1: But...if that Sangvis is still alive, you'll...!

ST AR-15: Stop dawdling, M4! This is the safest way!

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right, you're our only hope!

M4A1: ...Understood. Be careful.

M16A1: All right! Everyone scatter and draw away the Sangvis troops!

M4A1: I WILL find a dependable field commander. Wait for me.

M4A1: I have to, for everyone's sake.

M4A1: That is what happened.

M16A1: Some things are inevitable.

M16A1: If what UMP45 said is true, then this place will soon turn into a real battlefield, just like last time.

M4A1: Just like last time... But with more fire and blood.

M16A1: Haha. Scared, M4?

M4A1: The AR Team has reunited. Nothing can be more reassuring.

M4A1: Let them come, whoever they are.

M4A1: Whether we win or die, so long as we are together...

M4A1: I can ask for no better ending.In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Lively Young Girl: Morning, Commander.

Lively Young Girl: This is your first time at Griffin's Control Center, isn't it? How are you feeling?

Lively Young Girl: I'm so glad you've decided to join us at Griffin.

Kalina: Let me introduce myself. I'm Kalina, your logistics officer.

Kalina: Just call me Kalin. And you are...?

Kalina: 'Choose us. Join us. Griffin Security Contractor, the shining beacon in a brave new world!'

Kalina: That's right. Starting from today, you're a Tactical Commander under Griffin!

Kalina: ...Hmm, you're still wondering whether you're up for the job?

Kalina: Don't worry. Griffin's selection process is notoriously tough.

Kalina: If you can pass the test, there must be some promising talent in you.

Kalina:

Kalina: And I'll help you dig out this talent...and see what you're made of.

Kalina: Now, please switch to your tactical map.

Kalina: Can you hear me, Commander?

Kalina: Your T-Dolls are in position and ready to deploy.

Kalina: Please deploy them and begin the drill!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Drill operation successful. Commencing final wrap-ups.

At that moment...

STEN Mk Ⅱ: Excuse me... Are you Griffin troops?

STEN Mk Ⅱ: Oh, thank goodness! Safe at last! Could you take me with you?

STEN Mk Ⅱ: Thank you so much, Commander! I'll do my best!

...We seem to have come across a stranded T-Doll manufactured by Griffin,

so we've brought her back along with our troops.

Kalina: Huh? A stranded T-Doll?

Kalina: Thank goodness you took her in, that poor thing.

Kalina: Sangvis attacks have intensified all of a sudden in the last few days.

Kalina: We've lost a few command posts, and lots of T-Dolls were either stranded or left behind...

Kalina: So if it's possible, please save as many of 'em as you can.

Kalina: Not just to expand our forces, but also to save HQ some manufacturing orders.

Kalina: And more importantly, these T-Dolls are all hella cute!

Kalina: ...I know right? I just knew you'd love 'em!

Kalina: Human or T-Doll, we all have our own missions, and are all irreplaceable members of Griffin.

Kalina: With that in mind, I'm sure you'll rock this job!

Kalina: Now to give you a better idea of your job, Commander...

Kalina: Griffin Security Contractor is a private military organization comprised mainly of Tactical Dolls.

Kalina: It is our duty to accept commissions from financial groups and other organizations and safeguard human settlements.

Kalina: As of now, the biggest threats to our territories are rogue T-Dolls manufactured by Sangvis Ferri.

Kalina: And your job is to manage and direct T-Doll troops in repelling Sangvis forces in the area.

Kalina: I'm sure you'll do great. The drill result speaks for itself, right?

Kalina: Then that settles it! For the sake of everyone at Griffin, please make good use of your talent!

Kalina: And that's the end of this operation, Commander.

Kalina: Oh, remember to check your list of 【Quests】 and accept that T-Doll's enlistment!

Control Center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction.

Preparing to commence our next drill as planned...

Kalina: Sorry, Commander...

Kalina: We should be continuing with our drills, but there's been a change of plans...

Kalina: HQ needs whatever help they can get, so...

??: ...Let me explain.

Kalina: Eek! ...Then I'll leave it to you, Miss Helian.

A video call from HQ is patched through.

Stern Woman in Uniform: ...

Stern Woman in Uniform: Greetings, Commander.

Stern Woman in Uniform: This is Helianthus, Senior Acting Officer of Griffin.

Helian: Let's skip the pleasantries. And for efficiency's sake, just call me Helian.

Helian: As you know, Sangvis Ferri has recently launched multiple attacks in Area S09 without prior notice.

Helian: This is a huge blow on Griffin's reputation so the higher-ups are taking this very seriously.

Helian: As HQ takes on the Sangvis forces, they've also sent me to investigate the reason behind their sudden riot.

Helian: Words from above, Commander, are that you'll be assisting me in my work till it's done.

Kalina: Hmm... Please hold on a sec, Miss Helian.

Kalina: Our commander just reported for duty and has only participated in one drill. In terms of experience...

Helian: (Sighs) ...I know this might be stretching it a bit, but we don't have time or manpower to spare.

Helian: But don't worry, Commander. Judging from your past results, you're more than qualified for this mission.

Helian: As for experience, you can always get it on the real battlefield...

Helian: According to the latest report, enemy movements were detected behind the field. We're guessing those are Sangvis scouts.

Helian: They're very few in number, but we can't possibly let them roam free in times like this.

Helian: Please dispatch troops to the designated locations. Destroy the Sangvis forces and command posts to prevent our intel from being leaked.

Helian: That is all, Commander. Do your best and show us what you're worth.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...We successfully crushed the Sangvis squad and destroyed the communications system in their command post.

Helian: The operation went smoothly. You did quite well, Commander...

Helian: No... I must say, your performance against the Sangvis forces far exceeded my expectations.

Helian: Hmm? Is there something you're not clear on Sangvis Ferri?

Helian: ...True. The enlistment was a bit rushed so you haven't had much chance to acquire more information.

Helian: Sangvis Ferri Manufacture is an industrial producer specializing in Tactical Dolls.

Helian: Due to their possession of some undisclosed technology, Sangvis T-Dolls have extremely high battle efficiency.

Helian: However, not long ago, their T-Dolls suddenly went rogue and launched indiscriminate attacks against all humans within their factory.

Helian: They are now occupying a vast area of human settlements and strategically expanding their territory.

Helian: These Sangvis T-Dolls are, without a doubt, enemies of humanity.

Helian: As their territory borders areas under Griffin's jurisdiction, we have been recruiting suitable candidates to assume command and coordinate our operations.

Helian: And so, Commander, once again I welcome you to Griffin.

Helian: No matter what the future has in store for us, I thank you for being here today.

...Click.

An incoming call request from HQ pinged in the channel.

Helian: Sorry, give me a second...

Helian turns and corresponds with HQ.

Helian: Yes... Yes.

Helian: Hmm? Those T-Dolls have been found? ...Thank goodness. (Sigh of relief)

Helian: ...That can be arranged. I have someone here who can provide aid.

Helian: Sure. Leave it to me, Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: ...Sorry for the wait, Commander.

Helian: I just received a call from HQ. I'll be giving you an important mission.

Helian: Let me confirm the intel first. See you in a bit.

Helian: I'll now assign you an important mission. I hope you're ready, Commander.

Helian: Our frontlines have retrieved several injured T-Dolls that are in urgent need of repair once they're transported back to base.

Helian: But intel shows that a Sangvis outpost is still operating autonomously under minimal command along our transport route.

Helian: They don't actually pose much threat to us, but these injured T-Dolls are very important to us, and there must be no room for mistakes.

Helian: So if you'd please dispose of that outpost quickly to ensure our T-Dolls' safe return.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Sangvis outpost successfully shut down. Transport route safety confirmed.

Helian: Well done, Commander. The injured T-Dolls should arrive any minute.

Helian: These T-Dolls are especially valued because they are possible witnesses to some intel.

Helian: If the intel proves to be true, it might mean open war between us and Sangvis Ferri.

Helian: ...Yes, 'us', and that includes your troops, Commander.

...Click.

A ping comes from behind Helian.

Helian: Oh? Looks like the T-Dolls are back.

Helian: Please excuse me.

Griffin Headquarters. The damaged T-Dolls have arrived at the Factory.

Ingram: Humph, so we're back already...

Ingram: Not the slightest bit of fun during the whole thing. I was bored to tears.

Helian: Save it, Ingram.

Helian: If it hadn't been for the T-Dolls that came to HQ's aid, you'd be in big trouble.

Ingram: Tsk. It was a chance for me to risk my life.

Ingram: After all, the riskier it is, the more I revel in combat.

Helian: Not this time, Ingram.

Helian: You're one of the few survivors still capable of speech. There are some things I have to confirm with you.

Ingram: Fine, you're the boss. Whatever you say.

Helian: What happened to STG-44 and PPSh-41, do you remember?

Ingram: I only know that Agent got there. She seemed to be in a hurry chasing something.

Ingram: We only made it out alive because we weren't her targets.

Helian: Hmm...

Helian: VZ-61 is the only one still missing. You two are close, aren't you? Do you know her whereabouts?

Ingram: (Shrugs) Sorry, but I wasn't on the frontline back then.

Ingram: However...if she's still alive, she'll probably find a way to leave behind clues.

Ingram: That gal...can be very sharp when it counts.

Helian: ...Understood.

Helian: That's all I need from you. Go and get repaired.

Ingram: ...Miss Helian.

Ingram: Will we have our vengeance...for Skorpion, and all the other T-Dolls?

Helian: ...

Helian: Hurry up and get yourself patched up, Ingram.

Helian: Very soon...you can have your share of fun.

Ingram: (Grins) ...Understood.

Ingram: That's exactly what I want to hear.

Helian: ...Commander, I'm briefing you about this mission. Listen carefully.

Helian: A friendly T-Doll designated VZ-61 has gone missing and is suspected to have fallen into Sangvis hands.

Helian: She may be in possession of important intelligence, so we must recover her.

Helian: Our most pressing objective is to locate this T-Doll and launch a rescue mission.

Helian: And your job, Commander, is to scour the Sangvis command post in the area for valuable operation records.

Helian: One more thing, Commander.

Helian: Unlike those at the previous outpost, these Sangvis troops will actively seek out and attack our forces. Please be careful.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Sangvis command post successfully invaded. Relevant data uploaded.

Waiting for analysis from HQ. A moment later...

Kalin: Commander, the analysis is out!

Kalin: While HQ was compiling the data, they recovered some useful information.

Kalin: The good news is, VZ-61 is still alive, but is in a really tight spot...

Kalin: In any case, please take a look at this video feed first.

Video feed starts playing.

In the ruins near the battlefield, VZ-61 is being interrogated by a Sangvis T-Doll.

Scarecrow: Your cunning slightly exceeds my calculations, VZ-61 of Griffin.

Skorpion: All I did...was provide the possible location...

Scarecrow: All you did...was stall for time.

Scarecrow: Poor thing. You're going through this interrogation because of your friends, but they've already left you for dead.

Skorpion: That's not true. They're gonna get help and come back for me! She promised!

Scarecrow: Then let me remind you again, you pathetic piece of junk.

Scarecrow: They are the AR Team, cold and highly efficient elite T-Dolls.

Scarecrow: You are nothing more than disposable goods to them.

Skorpion: No... Not true!

Skorpion: I won't believe your lies! M4A1 is my companion!

Scarecrow: She isn't your companion, pitiful thing!

Scarecrow: Tell me where she is, and I'll be kind and let you rot on the roadside like the piece of junk that you are...

Scarecrow: Just as your 'companions' have done.

Scarecrow: Your emotions are merely fabricated lies.

Scarecrow: I'm asking you one last time... Tell me where she is.

Helian: VZ-61 is in grave danger, Commander.

Helian: It doesn't matter whether she's leaked intel to the enemy. It is our duty to recover stranded T-Dolls.

Helian: So our current objective is to do everything we can to rescue VZ-61.

Helian: Your mission this time, Commander, is to assist our troops in completing this rescue operation.

Helian: According to reports, there's a Sangvis recon base in the area, making it dangerous for us to move.

Helian: Please destroy the base quickly so that our forces can mobilize undetected.

Helian: VZ-61's survival depends entirely on this operation. Begin whenever you're ready, Commander.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Sangvis recon base secured. Our rescue team seized the chance and moved in quickly.

...Half an hour later, the team arrived at the coordinates.

Griffin T-Doll: (Gestures) Ready...

Griffin T-Doll: (Gestures) 3...2...1...

Engage in battle.

...

......

PPSh-41: ...All clear.

Skorpion: ...

Skorpion: P...Papasha?

PPSh-41: It's me, Skorpion. We're here to get you.

Skorpion: Papasha... You're still alive...?

Skorpion: Am I dreaming...?

PPSh-41: (Smiles) Don't be silly. Can we even dream?

PPSh-41: Don't worry. Everything's fine now.

...Mission accomplished.

...An hour later, VZ-61 returned to the control center safely.

Helian: ...

Helian: So you didn't disclose the AR Team's whereabouts?

Skorpion: Yep, in the end, I only gave her false information.

Skorpion: For the sake of my companions, even those I thought I'd lost, I'd never surrender to someone like that!

Helian: I believe you, VZ-61.

Helian: As for Scarecrow's objective, we'll have to find out by capturing her.

Skorpion: Miss Helian, please count me in on the hunt for Scarecrow.

Helian: I don't have any vacancies here.

Helian: If you want revenge, I can assign you to a new commander.

Helian: This commander contributed greatly to the success of your rescue mission. Don't disappoint.

Skorpion: OK! No matter where I go, I'll do my best as long as I'm with Griffin!

Helian: The final stage of the operation is about to begin, Commander.

Helian: Our target this time is this T-Doll.

Helian: Please memorize all information about this Sangvis Ringleader - Model SP65 'Scarecrow'.

Helian: According to information provided by the rescued T-Doll, she knows the details and objective behind the recent Sangvis raids.

Helian: Our objective is to capture her and extract her memory module.

Helian: Unlike previous minor skirmishes, this time your troops will be up against an advanced T-Doll.

Helian: But you've made it this far. I'm sure you can handle this.

Helian: Begin the operation, Commander, and good luck.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Flanked by Griffin troops, Scarecrow is defeated.

As Griffin T-Dolls immobilize and capture her, the operation enters the final stretch...

Helian: Sangvis T-Doll SP65 'Scarecrow', your efforts in resistance were all futile.

Helian: Surrender immediately, and we will seize you in one piece.

Scarecrow: Humph. So this is...how it ends for me...

Helian: Just give up. Whatever you're after, it's clearly impossible now.

Helian: VZ-61 has been rescued. The information she gave you was false.

Scarecrow: False? Not entirely, I'd say.

Scarecrow: Griffin T-Dolls don't have such advanced AI...

Helian: ...What?

Scarecrow: I know how your T-Dolls' AI is designed.

Scarecrow: When those crudely made T-Dolls 'lie', they just throw in some random data on top of the truth and shuffle the sequence.

Scarecrow: So even false information has bits of truth in the mix.

Scarecrow: We just have to collect and analyze three different sets of false intel to find the common factors – the real answer.

Helian: ...

Helian: This is strictly confidential information concerning the programming of our AI. How did you know about this?!

Helian: Who...the hell are you...?

Scarecrow: Just a lowly T-Doll...from Sangvis Ferri...

Scarecrow: However, I'm not a tool that bows under human will.

Scarecrow: Do you get it... cowardly human...holed up in your base...daring to show yourself only through hologram...?

Helian: Whatever. Your operation has already failed.

Helian: No matter what you know, you won't live to tell the tale.

Scarecrow: ...

Scarecrow: Actually...

Scarecrow: ...I AM telling it.

Scarecrow: Sequence number...8354...9266...0223.

Scarecrow: I finally calculated M4A1's coordinates at the last minute...

Helian: ...Coordinates? What are they?!

Helian: Who are you corresponding with, Sangvis?!

Executioner: ...

Executioner: Copy that, Scarecrow. Well done.

Scarecrow: Hmm... I'll leave the rest to you.

Scarecrow: Farewell...

Helian: What are you doing?! Stop!

Helian: She's gonna blow herself up!

Helian: Everyone back off! Back off!!

...Connection lost.

Executioner: Good heavens... I should've warmed up to her sooner.

Executioner: But at least nothing can come between us now...

Executioner: M4A1, which corner are you hiding in?

Executioner: We paid a huge price just to find you. You'd better not disappoint...

A remote call at Griffin Control.

Helian: Hello, Commander.

Helian: What you need to do today is participate in a special training.

Helian: Your performance was very commendable for a rookie.

Helian: But under such unusual circumstances, we don't have much time for you to accumulate practical experience,

Helian: Which is why HQ has drawn up an additional training regimen for you to help you familiarize yourself with your duties.

Helian: We've placed enemy simulations on your first battlefield based on previous battle records.

Helian: It may be the same field, but the enemy troops greatly outnumber those in your previous battles.

Helian: Work hard and prove yourself. Only then will we feel secure in investing more capital on you.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Helian: Very good. You completed the mission even though we've raised your enemies' level.

Helian: With such results, you'll be able to handle Sangvis raids of considerable scale.

Helian: Still, Sangvis T-Dolls are great not only in numbers, but also in making unpredictable maneuvers.

Helian: We'll do more focused practice next time. Dismissed.

Helian: Oh? So you're here already, Commander.

Helian: Then let's begin your new training mission without further ado.

Helian: If memory serves, this is where you received your first assignment from Griffin, isn't it?

Helian: How time flies...

Helian: Ah... It's nothing. Best of luck, Commander.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Helian: Well done for passing another test.

Helian: Hmm...?

Helian: That's right. It was a test. So was your last mission, as are the next coming few.

Helian: To repel Sangvis Ferri, we must select outstanding commanders...

Helian: And make them into some sort of...'tactical reserve'.

Helian: Uh... Don't worry. We're not gonna turn you into canned food.

Helian: It's just that when the situation calls for it, we may delegate operations that are more urgent to you.

Helian: It entails great responsibilities, Commander, so please be prepared.

Helian: After all, Sangvis Ferri won't wait for us.

Griffin Control, Area S09.

Kalina: Ah, Commander! Morning!

Kalina: Heheh. Didn't expect to see me, did ya?

Kalina: Miss Helian has some urgent business this morning, so I'll be giving out your assignment for now.

Kalina: Huh? ...Me? Don't worry. I'll do fine!

Kalina: In any case, HQ's got everything prepared. I just gotta record some data.

Kalina: Heheh. I may not look like it, but I can handle a computer just fine.

Kalina: Hey! What do you mean, 'I'd never guess'?! Is that even a compliment?!

Kalina: Whatever. Let's start your mission, Commander!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Kalina: Nice! Things went just as smoothly this time. I'd expect nothing less from you, Commander!

Kalina: Such results will surely win your points in the higher-ups' books.

Kalina: ...Hmm? You've got something to ask, Commander?

Kalina: The conflict...between Griffin and Sangvis Ferri?

Kalina: Hmm... I don't know much more than you do.

Kalina: However, do you know...how all hell broke lose in Sangvis Ferri within a single night?

Kalina: Rumor has it, that a sophisticated AI is behind the whole thing.

Kalina: It disobeyed the commanders at S.F. and seized control over all the T-Dolls in their factory.

Kalina: Still, this is just the result of Griffin's preliminary investigation. Everything is still shrouded in mystery.

Kalina: As for what that AI has cooking on the stove, nobody knows.

Kalina: But don't you worry. This isn't where Sangvis Ferri and Griffin duke it out.

Kalina: All you need to do is perform your duties and fend off the occasional minor attacks initiated by S.F.!

A remote call at Griffin Control.

Helian: Commander, I'm back.

Helian: Apologies... Something urgent came up. I only made it back to HQ just now.

Helian: By the way, Kalin didn't screw things up last time, did she?

Helian: ...Really? That's a surprise, but good thing it went well.

Helian: But there's still no sign of her today... She's probably overslept again.

Helian: Whatever. It's not important. Let's continue with your training.

Helian: This final test has brought down many candidates.

Helian: But I have faith in your abilities, Commander. Please do your best.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Assessment passed.

Helian: Astonishing...

Helian: I knew you would complete the mission, but your efficiency still surprised me...

...The door opens.

Miss Kalin enters.

Kalina: Oh! Miss Helian, you're back.

Helian: Indeed. If I had entrusted the test with you, it would have been delayed.

Kalina: Says who? I did turn in Commander's results on time last time, you know!

Helian: What about this time? Don't tell me you overslept again.

Kalina: This time... Heheh...

Helian: ...? What are you snickering about?

Kalina: I just found out from another colleague...

Kalina: The reason why...Miss Helian...was absent for the last test.

Helian: ...Ack!!

Kalina: Another failed mixer, huh... Sorry to hear that.

Helian: I-I don't know what you're talking about!

Helian: That's all for today, Commander!

Helian: D-Dismissed!

Griffin Control, Area S09.

MchG5: Thank you for coming to give us a hand. Please allow me to brief you on this operation.

MchG5: After Griffin had reclaimed Area S09, Internal Affairs planned to convert it into human settlement.

MchG5: But just as the reconstruction began, our scouts suddenly reported that a vast number of Sangvis troops were stationed some distance away.

MchG5: We need more exact information on our enemies as evidence for Miss Helian to negotiate with the construction contractor.

MchG5: To that end, we need a T-Doll to check in with the others and acquire the newest reconnaissance report.

MchG5: She's already in position, Commander. I'll let her say hello.

Gr MP5: G-Greetings. I am MP5 of Griffin.

Gr MP5: Um... I believe you are the commander who reclaimed Area S09? It is an honor to meet you.

Gr MP5: Now, to avoid alerting the enemy, we will be operating under the cover of night.

Gr MP5: Night vision goggles would be a great help, and armor-piercing bullets would also be very effective against armored units.

Gr MP5: Please guide me to the rendezvous point with the first T-Doll scout when you finish your preparation.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Arrived at the first rendezvous point.

Gr MP5: Report

MchG5: Looks like things are going smoothly. We were a bit worried whether this mission would be too much for you.

Gr MP5: Heheh. It is all thanks to the commander's guidance. I will also be careful.

MchG5: Good. Then have you found the scout in the area?

Gr MP5: Um... I do not know where she is. Maybe she is hiding herself?

??: I'm scouting in enemy territory. Of course I'm hiding.

Gr MP5: Ah! Who is it?!

WA2000: Hush... The Sangvis troops are right next to us. Stop shouting, or do you actually wanna die?

Gr MP5: (Whispers) S-Sorry...Miss WA2000. What is your situation over here?

WA2000: My situation? I'm perfectly well, of course. As for the situation over here? Not so much.

WA2000: There are armored bugs prowling all over the place. How did you manage to sneak in alone?

Gr MP5: Me? I am being escorted by a commander in this area.

WA2000: Huh? What?!

WA2000: Hey! Why have we suddenly switched to the commander's channel?!

Gr MP5: Hush... Please keep your voice down. We are right next to Sangvis troops!

WA2000: (Whispers) I-I know. You don't have to remind me...

WA2000: Um... So you're the commander in Area S09?

WA2000: Uh... Thanks for your help, and...

WA2000: ...That's all. I salute you. Over.

Gr MP5: Huh? Is that all?

WA2000: We're T-Dolls. We just have to carry out our missions.

Gr MP5: But...you seem to be blushing? Are you embarrassed?

WA2000: W-Why would I be?! Besides, I was born to fight. It's only natural that I'm not good with words!

Gr MP5: So are you admitting or denying your embarrassment...

WA2000: Shut up. Aren't you here for the recon report? You got it, so get lost already.

Gr MP5: Thank you, Miss WA. Here are some supplies that Miss G36 prepared especially for you.

WA2000: Oh... Chocolate ice cream? As expected of G36. She knows me.

WA2000: But don't you dare tell a soul... WA2000 loves ice cream? What a joke.

Gr MP5: Um... I am very sorry...

Gr MP5: But actually... The commander is still on the line...

WA2000: ...

WA2000: ...Why didn't you say so earlier?!

Gr MP5: Miss WA, is this the next recon check point?

WA2000: That's right, but you'll have to take over it before you can contact her.

WA2000: The enemies are strong, so be careful. Make sure you listen to the commander.

Gr MP5: Okay, got it. WA2000...seems to be very good at taking care of people.

WA2000: Humph. That's just because I've taken care of myself long enough.

WA2000: The rest is up to you guys. Good luck.

Gr MP5: All right! Commander, let us be on our way!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Arrived at the second check point.

Gr MP5: Um... Is anybody here?

P7: Oh, it's MP5! Welcome!

Gr MP5: Hello, Miss P7.

P7: Hello, hello. It must've been a tough journey for you! Come sit down and have some snacks!

Gr MP5: Oh... Th-Thank you...

Gr MP5: Pffft!!

Gr MP5: Th-This tastes like...!

P7: Hahaha! It's my special tasty pie!

Gr MP5: Stop pulling my leg. I have eaten a lot of pies and none of them tasted like this!

P7: Tee-hee. This is a recipe I learned from Miss 56-1. It's a local specialty from her homeland.

P7: An exquisite delicacy with five types of nuts, only eaten on a particularly full moon every year.

Gr MP5: So what are the five types of nuts...in this pastry?

P7: Well... I've forgotten the recipe, so I just made do with five types of pepper and some cheese powder.

Gr MP5: Hold on. Pepper is not even a kind of nut!

Gr MP5: And...why does the cheese powder taste like strawberries?!

P7: Well...56-1 said I needed to add something called "rock sugar".

P7: I don't know what that is, so I just threw in some strawberry ice cream.

P7: It was the last scoop, too. I spent an awful lot of effort to 'serve' you, you know!

Gr MP5: (Whimpers) ...P7 really is a prankster.

Gr MP5: But...I still have a job to do. I cannot let my emotions take over.

Gr MP5: Here are some supplies from Miss G36. A large can of iced juice.

P7: Humph. It's red. Tomato juice?

P7: G36 is trying to make me drink that horrid stuff again. Like I'd fall for it.

P7: Do not worry. I have a straw here. Just take a little sip. You can turn it down if you really don't like it.

P7: Hmm. All right, just a sip...

P7: Pffft!! W-What the heck is this?!

P7: Cough! That's not tomato juice! It's something even worse! So spicy! My throat!

Gr MP5: She is actually rolling on the ground. It looks very effective.

Gr MP5: This is vegetable juice squeezed from a kind of super spicy chilly called 'viper'. Just a sip has the effect of a tear gas grenade.

Gr MP5: Miss G36 said to let you drink it if you prank me with weird things.

P7: How could you do this to me?! That's so mean! I'm tearing up like mad!

Gr MP5: She also said to give you the iced tomato juice if you behave. I can let you have it right now if you want.

P7: Don't even think about making me drink that gross stuff! I want ice cream! Strawberry ice cream!

Gr MP5: Have you forgotten? You used up the last scoop to prank me.

P7: (Sobs) How did this happen...?

Gr MP5: That is the recon report on the desk, right? Mission accomplished. I shall take my leave.

P7: Wait! Cough... Please hold on a sec! MP5! Big Sis MP5!

P7: (Sobs) T-Tomato juice...please...

Gr MP5: MG5, I just retrieved the report from P7.

MchG5: Excellent. And G36 mentioned she had asked you to give P7 her nutrition supplements?

Gr MP5: That is correct. P7 just consumed six months worth of vitamins.

MchG5: Good. Then let's continue the operation.

Gr MP5: Hmm, I believe the next check point is manned by Miss MG4?

MchG5: MG4 is away on an urgent mission. I've arranged for two other T-Dolls to fill in for her. Identify each other with the password.

MchG5: Those two are notorious troublemakers. Get me if they misbehave.

Gr MP5: U-Understood. Let us be off, Commander.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Arrived at the third check point.

Gr MP5: We have arrived. I believe the password is...

Gr MP5: Gew Elf!

??: Ugh...

??: Rest. Take a rest...

Gr MP5: Huh? That is not the correct response. Let me confirm again...

Gr MP5: Gew...ELF!

??: O ye mortal who summoned this elf by her true name, n-name thy wish!

416: Sheesh! You're the one who came up with that embarrassing code. Why didn't you say it yourself?

Gr G11: The plan has always been to make you say it. What a blast. (Thumbs up)

416: You stupid dormouse. I should've stuffed your head into that barrel of Sauerkraut last night.

Gr MP5: Umm...Sorry, but are you the T-Dolls I am supposed to meet up with?

416: ...

Gr MP5: ... (What an unnerving stare.)

416: Judging from your weapon, you must be MP5.

416: We've been through quite some hardships thanks to you.

Gr G11: That's right. We can't let her off just like that, 416.

Gr MP5: Ack, hold on! What are you going to do to me?!

MchG5: Stop it, both of you!

MchG5: Just how petty can you get? You're always making things difficult!

416: Humph. This was none of our business to begin with.

Gr G11: We were only back at HQ for our check-ups, but got dragged off to this godforsaken place because of you.

MchG5: You're always diddling around, doing nothing to earn your pay.

MchG5: If you still have an issue with me, I'll ask Helian to kick your asses out.

Gr G11: W-What should we do, 416? MG5 is pulling this card again.

416: She can't threaten us. With 45's arrangements, we can have free meals everywhere.

Gr G11: O-Oh, you're right. It's the same no matter where we go.

MchG5: I don't care where you go, but freeloaders aren't welcome here!

Gr MP5: Please stop arguing.

Gr MP5: And please stop ignoring me. I still have a mission to carry out...

416: Take the report and scram. This is the last time we meet.

Gr MP5: Th-Thank you... You are 416 and G11, right?

Gr MP5: G36 initially prepared this ice cream for MG4.

Gr MP5: As a gesture of gratitude and farewell, let us enjoy it together.

Gr G11: ... (Nibbles)

Gr G11: Th-This...! This is my favorite rum-flavored ice cream! (Gobbles)

Gr G11: Dammit! Guess I'm staying after all! (Gobbles)

416: You aren't a person of principle, are you, dumbass?!

Gr G11: Of course I am! My principle is 'Wherever G36 goes, I go!' (Gobbles)

MchG5: Another failed defection, 416. I'd thought it'd last a bit longer this time.

416: ...

416: I've had enough...of living in a world full of morons...

Gr MP5: All reports have been collected, Commander. Thank you very much!

Gr MP5: I had thought...I would not be able to complete the mission... I am so weak and small... I can't do anything.

Gr MP5: But thanks to your constant protection along the way, I was able to carry out my duty.

Gr MP5: We now have one final task. I must deliver the reports to Miss Helian.

Gr MP5: In order to avoid Sangvis' detection and make it in time for her conference with the reconstruction contractors, please accompany me one last time.

Gr MP5: Let us do our best together on our final mission, Commander.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

MP5 reached Griffin's temporary office without a hitch.

Gr MP5: Miss Helian, here are the reports on Sangvis Ferri's stationed forces in the area.

Helian: Well done, MP5. Thanks for the hard work.

Helian: Let me see...

Helian: Sangvis Ferri has actually got their hands on this many armored units. The real estate agencies are gonna shake in their boots when they learn of this.

Gr MP5: So what should we do...? Can we counter this attack?

Helian: Of course not, but we won't have to.

Helian: Those are all military armored units that got hacked by Sangvis Ferri. The military will have to clean up their own mess.

Helian: We'll just help out here and there and stick our hand out for financial compensation.

Gr MP5: Will...that be enough...?

Helian: What's that, MP5?

Gr MP5: I just wish I could do more and be relied on, by both my companions and humans alike...

Gr MP5: That was why I had taken this assignment. I wanted to become stronger...

Helian: (Chuckles) All of you are altered from T-Dolls meant for civilian use. There's no way you'd beat military T-Dolls no matter how strong you become.

Gr MP5: You have a point. We are weak. Our weapons are obsolete. Even our characters are problematic.

Gr MP5: So where...does our worth lie...?

Helian: There are things that only you can do, MP5. That's the reason why Griffin has chosen you.

Gr MP5: But...I still wish to earn my place through my abilities.

Helian: Don't worry. Griffin won't let our own T-Dolls be inferior to military T-Dolls forever.

Helian: But that requires time, capital, and everyone's effort.

Helian: You are right to have such aspirations. Keep fighting, and leave the rest to us.

Gr MP5: Thank you, Miss Helian! I will also do my best on my next mission!

Click...

Helian: Hmm? What is it, Thompson?

Helian: ...Is that so? So it's begun? Understood.

Gr MP5: What is it, Miss Helian?

Helian: Here comes...the next mission.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Helian: ...In hindsight, that was quite a close shave. Thank goodness no one was hurt.

Helian: Sadly, that Sangvis' memory module was destroyed. We could barely recover any data from it.

Helian: I have to compile a report, and I need your help on several matters.

Helian: 'Sequence no. 835492660223' - one of the few pieces of important information recovered just now.

Helian: According to analysis from the Intelligence Department, there are some coordinates hidden in there. Please investigate the situation in the vicinity.

Helian: Don't hesitate to report whatever you find out of the ordinary.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Combat over. Report submitted to Helian.

Helian returned to HQ.

Helian: Things look more serious than we imagined, Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: According to that commander's investigation, Sangvis Ferri was again one step ahead of us.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: In other words, they've been beating us to intelligence regarding M4A1.

Helian: Yes. My guess is that they have a T-Doll skilled at breaking codes.

Kryuger: Or...they've been acquiring intelligence from one of our own.

Helian: That's...

Helian: I believe...everyone at Griffin to be trustworthy, and the T-Doll safety system impeccable.

Kryuger: Safety and trustworthiness are relative.

Kryuger: We can't begin to guess what cards our enemies have up their sleeve.

Kryuger: Halt your operations for now, Helian, just to be safe.

Kryuger: There's no need to follow up on that commander's mission either.

Helian: Then...should we continue the operation to rescue the AR Team?

Kryuger: Certainly, but we're changing our strategies. I'll find someone more suitable for the task.

Kryuger: Speaking of which, Helian, does the commander working for you...like cats?

Helian: Huh?

Helian: Well... I never asked, but...I hope so.

Helian: Don't tell me, Mr. Kryuger, you intend to...

Kryuger: Yes. Since we can't solve the current problem, let's start from the roots.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Kalina: Commander, I'm back!

Kalina: Gosh, I've been working at the warehouse all this time. I'm dead tired.

Kalina: Huh? Who am I?

Kalina: C'mon, Commander, stop pulling my leg. We just said hi at the mall, didn't we?!

Kalina: Back to business. After Miss Helian left, HQ sent us a new assignment. Please take a look.

Kalina: Though Scarecrow's destruction has been confirmed, a Griffin command post is still under Sangvis control.

Kalina: Our squad in the area is surrounded by Sangvis troops. We must bust them out as soon as possible.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Kalina: Everything went smoothly. Good work, everyone!

Kalina: Huh? Commander, you don't look...very happy, do you?

Kalina: That's true.

Kalina: We were put in charge of a huge operation, but it got terminated all of a sudden.

Kalina: And now...we're just cleaning up here and there. Of course it'd take some getting used to.

Kalina: S-Still, you're doing great as a new commander!

Kalina: Just take it one step at a time, and opportunities will eventually show up, right?

Kalina: ...That's the spirit! Cheer up. We've still got loads to do!

In a corner out in the battlefield, a T-Doll squad...

FF-49: No enemies spotted...here...

FN FNC: That's weird. We did receive some suspicious signals. Don't tell me we've come all this way for nothing.

FF-49: Well... That's all good. Let's head back soon.

FN FNC: You scared, 49?

FN FNC: But if we go back just like that...

FF-49: Oh! Someone's over there!

M4A1: ...!

FF-49: Hmm? She seems to be...one of our own!

FF-49: What should we do? Do I shoot?!

FN FNC: How should I know? Let me ask for instructions!

FF-49: Oh, she's gone already...

FN-FNC: Hmm... Isn't she quick...

FF-49: Or maybe we're just slow...

FF-49: FFC, are we too slow...?

FN-FNC: Of course not. We're a new generation of T-Dolls, you know.

FN-FNC: But does that mean...she isn't an enemy?

FF-49: Why would she run though, if she's on our side?

FF-49: Just... What is going on?

Kalina: Here comes our new mission, Commander.

Kalina: Sorry, it doesn't have anything to do with our last case either.

Kalina: S-Still, quiet days aren't so bad. Plus, the pay is very good!

Kalina: According to our sources, Sangvis troops didn't evacuate immediately after Scarecrow's destruction.

Kalina: They've formed into several guerrilla squads and remained active in Griffin territory.

Kalina: Their objective is unclear. At the very least, they haven't taken the initiative to attack us up to this point.

Kalina: However, we can't just sit here and do nothing. Chase them away, Commander!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Meanwhile, a T-Doll squad on the battlefield...

MG3: Cleanup complete. That was the last wave, right?

Gr MP5: Shall we double-check? There is no such thing as too much caution.

MG3: It should be fine. I've already done several rounds. Unless there are more Sangvis passing by...

Gr MP5: Um... Please hold on!

Gr MP5: I am reading a strong Sangvis signal. It is very close!

MG3: What?! Where? Locate it, quick!

Executioner: No need for that. I'm right here!

Executioner: Morning, Griffin.

MG3: What do you want?! We won't go down without a fight!

Gr MP5: Hold it, MG3!

Executioner: Relax. You two aren't worth my effort.

Executioner: I'm looking for a T-Doll. Black hair, skull bandana...

Executioner: Armed with an M4A1 assault rifle and looks like an airhead. Have you seen her?

Gr MP5: M4A1...? We have not seen any T-Doll by that description...

Executioner: ...

Executioner: Humph. She kept running rather than to put you in danger.

Executioner: I get it. So she fears my might.

Executioner: Then we shall see how far you can run, M4! Hahahahaha!

Gr MP5: She...she ran off...

MG3: What...was that all about?

Gr MP5: Phew... (Sigh of relief)

Gr MP5: In any case, we are safe. Let us return and report this incident.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Kalina: Commander, our mission this time was issued by 16Lab—

Persica: Ah... So you're the commander. Pleased to meet you.

Kalina: Huh? Don't you need introductions?!

Persica: Persica, researcher at 16Lab.

Kalina: Miss Persica is actually the head researcher.

Kalina: 16Lab is Griffin's technology supplier. The weapons and network technology of our T-Dolls are all Miss Persica's great work.

Persica: Hmm... Your mission this time is to eradicate Sangvis forces in the area and retrieve some research data.

Kalina: Miss Persica wishes to recover some data stored in a database. This order has been approved by Griffin.

Persica: Yeah... It's annoying how Sangvis Ferri keeps sitting on the database.

Persica: I'll go make some coffee. I'm leaving everything to you...

Kalina: And that's that, Commander. Let's begin.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Combat over. Report submitted to Persica.

A short while later, at the Factory at Griffin HQ...

Helian: Here you are, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: Our next battle is about to begin, so I've come to check up on our T-Dolls.

Kryuger: I've read your investigation report. Thanks for the hard work, Helian.

Helian: It's my duty.

Helian: On another note, I just received a report from Persica. She's analyzing M4A1's database.

Helian: But the data extracted so far is insufficient. We may need to expand our search area.

Kryuger: Let her do it herself. We simply aren't capable of organizing any bigger operations.

Kryuger: Our contract states that we should focus our work on things that are so-called...'tactically valuable'.

Helian: Another order from the client, huh...

Helian: It's almost impossible to get information regarding the AR Team on time when our main forces are left in the wealthy area so far away...

Kryuger: At least we got something. Those two reports have been very helpful.

Helian: Those two reports... You mean the ones about our units stationed in Area S09 encountering M4A1 and a Sangvis Ringleader?

Kryuger: The AR Team is still surrounded by Sangvis troops in that area. We know that for certain.

Kryuger: Now it's up to Persica.

Helian: Then is rescuing the AR Team still our main objective?

Kryuger: The AR Team... Or M4A1, at least, must have discovered something very important to Sangvis Ferri.

Kryuger: We still know next to nothing about S.F. Retrieving M4A1 will prove immensely helpful.

Helian: But we can't breach our contract with the client and station our main forces in areas beyond our jurisdiction...

Kryuger: We don't need to send out our main forces.

Kryuger: The commander you mentioned just now is still a rookie, I hear.

Helian: Yes. With very dependable abilities.

Helian: Someone worth grooming.

Kryuger: And I believe here's the first grooming session.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Kalina: How long do we have to keep looking, Miss Persica?

Persica: Just...a little longer...

Persica: (Whispers) According to my sources, this is the last possible location...

Kalina: Huh? Come again? The last?

Persica: Yeah... As promised, this will be my last commission.

Persica: I'm guessing this place has what I'm looking for...

Kalina: HVVQJ in Area S09? But it's all ruins. No sign of any databases there.

Kalina: Seriously, what are you looking for, Miss Persica?

Persica: Hmm... Nothing important.

Persica: Could be just "sugar cubes" I left behind the last time I moved?

Kalina: WHAT?!

Persica: Just take a look. It's the last location. Thanks a bunch.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Kalina: Finally. That's the last time, right? That's what you said, Miss Persica.

Kalina: But we didn't find much, just this tape...

Persica: Ah! The tape! Show...Show it to me!

Kalina: Huh? Well... Could you play it, Commander?

Kalina: All right, here it goes...

...

M4A1: Day 70 on the run. No progress at all... Or rather, the operation is in jeopardy...

M4A1: ...As I am being targeted by Sangvis troops.

M4A1: I did expect Sangvis pursuit, but they are coming hot on my heels. Things are looking very bad...

M4A1: I do not know how much longer I can keep this up. I have to get in touch with someone from Griffin as soon as possible.

End of recording.

Kalina: What...is this? Is it what you're looking for, Miss Persica?

Persica: ...

Kalina: Miss Persica?

Persica: AH!

Persica: Oh... Well...

Persica: In any case, thank you, Commander.

Persica: As expected of the ace that Helian thinks highly of. Hats off to you.

Helian: It doesn't matter how highly I think of the commander. It's up to Kryuger to decide who to focus on training.

Persica: Ah! True, the boss has the final say in everything. By the way...

Helian: By the way, Persica...

Helian: Was your mission accomplished?

Persica: Uh... Don't worry.

Persica: I've got the data. The results will be out in a mo.

Helian: Then please make haste. We're running out of time, as you well know.

Helian: Besides, we're not training the commander to help you find your beakers.

Persica: Hmm... Commander... Thanks for this time...

Persica: Next time I'll treat you to coffee...in my lab...

Persica terminated the call.

Helian: (Sighs) Unless you fancy drinking dirty water used for doing the dishes while sitting in a freezer, I'd suggest you forget it.

Helian: Let's get back on track, Commander.

Helian: Griffin is now assigning an important mission to you. I'll give you a detailed explanation...

Helian: Commander, I'm sure you've had your own suspicions.

Helian: The Sangvis invasion in Area S09 is by no means a random conflict.

Helian: A Sangvis Ringleader is in fact searching for a T-Doll known as M4A1.

Helian: She is part of the AR Tactical Unit under Griffin and has been collecting some research data under the commission of Persica, researcher at 16Lab.

Helian: According to our sources, her neural cloud, i.e. memory bank, seems to be carrying extremely important confidential intelligence.

Helian: M4A1 is currently lost in Area S09. We must bring her in safely with all possible haste.

Helian: But due to certain agreements, we cannot openly interfere with the situation.

Helian: After some discussion, Griffin HQ has decided to delegate this mission to you.

Helian: Launch an immediate search in Zone T6, Area S09 and secure M4A1 before Sangvis forces get to her.

Helian: The Ringleader in the area has been confirmed to be Model No. SP524, an advanced T-Doll widely known as 'Executioner'.

Helian: Though she is currently hellbent on chasing one target, she'll still attack if approached rashly. Please exercise caution.

Helian: Occupy the enemy's command post, disrupt their communication channel, and find M4A1.

Helian: This mission is of utmost importance, Commander. The higher-ups at Griffin expect much from you.

Helian: Don't let them down. Now begin.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Somewhere on the battlefield.

M4A1: Is something wrong, Executioner? An unexpected situation has arisen, has it not?

Executioner: Tsk. How...

Executioner: How come...Griffin T-Dolls attacked my command post before HQ gave the order...?

M4A1: That is because a human commander is capable of mobilizing our troops independently.

Executioner: So you've been waiting for this all along?

M4A1: It was a gamble.

M4A1: I have no choice but to have faith in them.

M4A1: Now, let us discuss your ending.

Executioner: Ending? Do you seriously think that's the end?

Executioner: Even if you hide among Griffin troops, we have other ways to get you.

M4A1: What?

Executioner: Don't forget. You still have three companions stranded on the battlefield...

Executioner: And we both know they make excellent bargaining chips...

M4A1: ...

M4A1 pulled the trigger.

M4A1: You should not have brought them up, Sangvis scum.

Executioner: Humph... Whatever...

Executioner: You know, we won't...disappear...so easily...

Five minutes later.

Our troops reached the rescue zone.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Is that you...Commander?

M4A1: Are you the commander...that Miss Persica mentioned?

M4A1: Excuse me... Allow me to introduce myself.

M4A1: Designation M4A1. Please call me by this name.

M4A1: I am a Griffin T-Doll under the AR special unit. Due to certain reasons, I am currently under Sangvis pursuit.

M4A1: Miss Persica told me a tactical commander will provide me with backup...

M4A1: And the watchword is...

M4A1: Um... "Sugar cubes"?

M4A1: Yes, thank you very much for your timely rescue.

M4A1: Right now, I only have a single request...

...Save us.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Persica: Ah, Commander... We meet again...

Persica: I'm calling today because I need you to take care of something.

Persica: First of all, don't worry - this is a closed channel.

Persica: Second of all, don't worry - I'm not asking you to do bad things.

Persica: The thing is...I need some samples of dummy units.

Persica: Sangvis...and Griffin units. I need both.

Persica: They've been fighting all this time, there must be quite a lot of scattered parts.

Persica: Please get me some - for research purposes.

Persica: There...might be Sangvis Ringleaders lurking about...

Persica: Those are a Ringleader's dummies. They're activated when a Ringleader is destroyed...

Persica: Be careful, and...thank you.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Persica: Wow! You got so many. Awesome.

Persica: As expected of M4A1's trusted commander. Hats off to you...

Persica: Heheh ♪

Persica: As you've probably learned, I'm M4A1's boss.

Persica: Still, you actually found her. That's really...brilliant of you.

Persica: I won't say any more for now. It's not the right time, and it's not important at the moment.

Persica: M4 is safe. That's all that matters.

Persica: Let's leave it at that. Thanks again, Commander.

Persica: Ah, Commander...

Persica: Yep, here I am again. Am I a welcome sight?

Persica: Same old request. More samples.

Persica: Oh my... What research is it?

Persica: You can say it's a research that'll be useful for Griffin.

Persica: This was where you engaged a Sangvis Ringleader before, right, Commander?

Persica: Then...please begin.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Persica: Oh! Awesome. These are gonna be very helpful.

Persica: Hmm? Why...don't I get in touch with M4...?

Persica: I'm just lazy. No reason, really...

Persica: I have no use for her at the moment anyway. Just say hello for me...

Persica: Why...am I not using her?

Persica: Because I have you, haha...

Persica: That child is a bit peculiar. Make sure you take good care of her.

Persica: It's all right. You'll understand, Commander. Probably...

Persica: The mission this time...mostly concerns Sangvis samples.

Persica: The Sangvis troops here have been upgraded...

Persica: But that's not gonna be a problem, Commander, is it?

Persica: Do your best. I'll be waiting for good news!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Persica: Oh, Commander. Well d...

M4A1: Why so shocked, Miss Persica?

Persica: Ah! M...M4!

M4A1: Commander told me, so I have come to see you.

Persica: I'm sorry... It was all because of me that you...

M4A1: Please do not say that.

M4A1: We were merely carrying out our employer's orders as T-Dolls.

Persica: Hmm...

Persica: Well, you're safe now. Applause applause.

M4A1: Yes. Commander is very good to me. I will continue serving under Griffin.

Persica: By the way...

Persica: M4A1, I'm so happy...to see you again...

M4A1: ... (Smiles)

M4A1: Yes, so am I, Miss Persica.

Persica: This mission will be the last...

Persica: Please refer to the map...

Persica: Ah, sorry. My channel seems to be in the way...

Persica: But...it's roughly around here.

Persica: ...Hmm? What samples?

Persica: I'll tell you later. It doesn't matter for now.

Persica: Do your best, Commander. I'll leave it all to you.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Persica: That went well. We're finally done.

Persica: Heheh. Curious, Commander?

Persica: It's nothing special. Just a study...

Persica: ...To compare Sangvis T-Dolls with our own.

Persica: The conclusion is that... the technologies used in building them are...almost...

Persica: Completely different.

Persica: Just how...are Sangvis units made...?

Persica: And what does it have to do with that plan the AR Team found in Safe House 3...?

Persica: ...Ah, nothing. Just talking to myself...

Persica: In any case, thanks for your help, Commander.

Persica: Take care of M4. If more T-Dolls show up, do the same for them...

Persica: Then... See you, Commander.

Persica: Next time, I'll treat you to coffee for real.

Persica: I believe that's gonna be sooner than you think...

Thompson: Good evening, Boss. You're right on time.

Thompson: As indicated on the map, Sangvis troops have already set up a defense line in the area.

Thompson: To coordinate with the military's operation to eradicate them, we need to clandestinely station some men in a few bases.

Thompson: Infiltration requires the use of brains. We're planning to leave it to a pro like you.

Thompson: You're in great demand at Griffin these days, y'know? It took quite some effort just to borrow you.

Thompson: So do your best, Boss. Everyone's counting on you.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Griffin troops arrived at a base.

Thompson: Beautifully done, Boss. Now let me discuss our next step with the PIC of this mission.

Thompson: 1911, do you copy?

M1911: You've come way ahead of time. Looks like the commander can't wait to see me.

Thompson: Oh, please. I need to put someone here. Any suggestions?

M1911: This base is used mainly for recon work. Best leave it to a handgun T-Doll.

Thompson: A handgun, huh. Other than you, who else is up to the job...

M9: Let me do it, Miss Thompson! I'll do even better than 1911!

Thompson: That's some nice verve you've got there. Griffin needs enthusiastic T-Dolls like you.

M9: Humph. I'll take every chance to prove that I'm better than a certain old hag!

M1911: I heard that, M9...

Thompson: Anyway, I'm leaving scouting duties to you, M9. Now, a T-Doll to guard you...

M9: That won't be necessary. We're understaffed enough as it is, right?

M9: I'll be fine on my own if it's just scouting. Don't underestimate my skill in making great escapes.

Thompson: Don't try too hard to be brave, M9. The battlefield is unpredictable.

M9: I've fought a bunch of Sangvis with the commander. Don't worry about me.

Thompson: All right. Be careful then. Let's keep going.

M1911: Everything's going smoothly so far, Thompson.

Thompson: Ha, of course, seeing that I'm the one on the field.

M1911: Don't let it get to your head. There are still several bases to go.

Thompson: I've got a pro with me. Sneaking in will be a piece of cake.

M1911: With dear Commander on our side, I have no doubt about winning.

M1911: (Whispers) I'm talking about a T-Doll... The infamous troublemaker among our ranks.

Thompson: Humph, I know. She probably isn't very thrilled to be assigned a mission like this.

M1911: Have you thought about how to deal with her? Don't let her sour the whole thing for everyone...

Thompson: Haha. I'm not Springfield. I'll just have to think of something.

Thompson: Let's go, girls. Don't keep the boss waiting.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Griffin troops arrived at a base.

Thompson: Ingram, I'm leaving this place to you. Prepare for your stationing.

Ingram: Huh? Me?

Ingram: Seriously... How long do I have to stay here?

Thompson: Probably quite a while. The military is still deploying their T-Dolls. They didn't say when the action will take place.

Ingram: So why did we have to involve the military? We can handle those stupid tin men on our own just fine.

Thompson: We're a business. We should always avoid splurging ourselves if we can spend someone else's money.

Ingram: (Sighs) I'm not here to make money. What I want is a bloodbath, Thompson.

Ingram: I only joined your team after hearing about you.

Thompson: Then you're gonna be sorely disappointed. All my actions were taken under Griffin's instruction, never on a reckless whim.

Ingram: Then what about the unspeakable things you did under the table?

Thompson: They were all within permissible range... Here, take this.

Ingram: What... A detonator?

Thompson: This is your job. Once you get it over with, I don't care if you go batshit crazy.

Ingram: Humph. So you're not as dull as you claim to be.

Thompson: Make an effort, Ingram. Be glad it's Griffin you're working for.

Thompson: Party to your heart's content - within permissible range of our contract.

M1911: Thompson, did you hear the barrage from this side?

Thompson: Humph. The military seems to have opened fire ahead of schedule.

M1911: (Sighs) They had never trusted us.

Thompson: We stick to our plan. The frontline isn't here. It'll be fine as long as we don't get caught up in the fight.

M1911: Well... Here's a tiny problem.

M1911: The frontline happens to be where M9 is. And military T-Dolls can be very... you know, destructive...

Thompson: I have no time to babysit her. Surely you've made your own preparations?

M1911: Boss, continue the operation and lead us to the next base.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Griffin troops arrived at a base.

M1911: Thompson, you've got a good field of vision over there. Have you picked your sniper?

Thompson: M21, you're up. Give me some bullseyes.

M21: Sure. But who should I aim for, the military or Sangvis Ferri?

Thompson: Now is not the time for jokes...

Thompson: Still, seeing that you're a civilian T-Doll, occasional mistakes are unavoidable, aren't they?

M21: Heheh. How about...raising the barrel by 1cm on the premise of not endangering the operation?

Thompson: As long as it's within permissible range of the contract, you can have all the fun you want.

M9: Hello?! Thompson, are you listening?!

M9: Um... They've started fighting over here all of a sudden! Where are you? Come and get me, quick!

Thompson: Hey... You said you'd be fine on your own.

M9: But the military opened fire without even a word! Even my base got hit by shells!

M9: There are Sangvis everywhere! I can't hold on for much longer!

Thompson: It's no use asking me for help since I'm also on the field myself. Go and beg 1911.

M9: (Sobs) ...1911, I'm sorry! You win this time!

M1911: (Sighs) ...I never even thought of it as a competition.

M1911: Then time to move, backup team.

...

M9: Huh? All the Sangvis...are destroyed?

M9: A-Are you one of us?

Super SASS: SuperSASS, new recruit at Griffin. Glad to be of help, Miss M9.

M9: Th...Thank goodness...

M9: You're my hero, Super...whatever!

Super SASS: It's SuperSASS, Miss M9.

Super SASS: And you're squishing the breath out of me...

Thompson: Phew, thank goodness you'd prepared for backup beforehand. Otherwise things wouldn't have ended pretty for M9.

M1911: (Sighs) It only worked because it had quieted down where M9 was, Thompson.

Thompson: True. But SuperSASS is right on time. I was just thinking who to send this time.

Super SASS: Hmm? Where to?

Thompson: To bring Griffin honor and glory, SuperSASS. The organization needs you.

Super SASS: Huh? What? ...Me?

Thompson: Boss, hope you've had enough rest?

Thompson: Everyone's been working hard all this time. Now's the final step.

Thompson: All the girls are in position, except me, the one who's been giving orders.

Thompson: So I need to enter the site from the back to aid the military in this operation.

Thompson: Please lead me to our destination, Boss. Then it'll be time for me to repay the organization.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Battle against Sangvis Ferri commenced at M9's temporary base.

M9: Dummy of a Sangvis Ringleader detected! M21, get ready!

M21: Here, say 'cheese', Sangvis scum!

M1911: Their armored unit can't react in time! Now, Ingram!

Ingram: HAHAHAHAHA! BOOM! GET BLOWN TO PIECES, SUCKERS!

Thompson: Now, SuperSASS! Storm the control room!

Thompson: The military are entering from the front. Don't let them take the glory!

Super SASS: Roger. Moving in!

Ingram: HAHA! RUN, SUPERSASS, RUN!

Sangvis troops started retreating.

M21: Make sure you beat the military to it, or we'll have no choice but to kill them off.

M1911: Don't make that kind of joke, M21. What if they're humans?

Ingram: Humph. Didn't the humans make guns to kill each other?

M9: Don't listen to her, SuperSASS.

M9: We're adorable T-Dolls for civilian use, after all. We just have to act cute when we run into humans!

Super SASS: (Forced laughter) Sorry, but I haven't undergone such training.

M21: Damn, you newbies have it easy. Back in my time, we had to take exams on making jokes.

Ingram: Ha, Then you must've joined Griffin only 'cause you screwed up your standup comedy or something.

M1911: You shouldn't ask your companions about their backgrounds, Ingram.

M1911: We are all part of Griffin now. That's the only thing that matters.

Super SASS: SuperSASS has seized the control room. Repeat, SuperSASS has seized the control room!

M21: The sun is up, and victory is ours.

Thompson: 1911, make sure you ask for more dividends from Helian. That was exhausting.

M1911: You'll have to wait till I give the commander the kiss of victory.

M21: So 1911 won the competition?

M1911: There was no competition to begin with, was there?

M1911: Speaking of which, where's M9? Has she gone offline already?

M1911: M9? Are you there?

Ingram: You're too late, 1911. M9's already rushing to the control center.

Thompson: Haha, you really shouldn't have saved her, my dear.

M1911: ...

M1911: These Griffin T-Dolls...could really use some further grooming...In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Helian: Congratulations on the success of your last mission, Commander.

Helian: I received the report about it while I was on the way.

Helian: Firstly, your effort in exterminating Executioner and rooting out Sangvis troops in the area was highly commendable.

Helian: On top of that, you've successfully recovered M4A1 and uploaded a copy of her memory logs, which HQ will start to analyze immediately.

Helian: And now, we need to push our front forward so as to completely eradicate Sangvis influence in the area.

Helian: Due to the limitations of our contract, Griffin cannot actively participate in the operation at this point.

Helian: We need you to prepare for future operations by clearing the road leading to this area.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Combat over. In an unmonitored corner at Griffin Control...

M4A1: AR... This is M4A1. Please respond if anyone copies.

M16A1: Nice timing, M4. You wouldn't reach me if you were late by a minute.

M4A1: M16! What happened?

M16A1: A few Sangvis units are very close by. I'll have to turn off the comm soon.

M4A1: Then long story short, I got away and am currently working under a commander.

M4A1: Our troops are stationed near the frontline. We can provide backup for you whenever you need it.

M4A1: M16, how is the AR team doing?

M16A1: We got separated when I was bringing up the rear. But they were safe the last time we got in touch.

M16A1: Leave me for now, M4A1. Find AR-15 and SOP-II first.

M4A1: No problem, M16. But be careful yourself.

M16A1: Sorry, they're coming. We'll talk next time.

M16A1: Don't worry. We'll meet again.

Helian: Commander, M4A1 reported the situations of the other members on the AR Team.

Helian: HQ wants you to give them reinforcement. We will assist you to a certain extent by providing intelligence.

Helian: The AR Team can only safely evacuate if the Sangvis communication outpost in the area is secured and shut down.

Helian: When taking over the outpost, Commander, please upload the data stored in the system. We might find information about the local Ringleader.

Helian: All right, please move out. Godspeed.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Somewhere at Griffin Control...

...Click.

ST AR-15: Do you copy, M4? This is AR-15.

M4A1: Copy! Are you all right, AR-15?

M4 SOPMOD II: What about me, M4?! I was worried sick about you but you didn't even ask about me!

M4A1: SOP-II! Are you there too?

M4 SOPMOD II: We're both fine. We've come to rendezvous after receiving your signal.

M4A1: Good. M16 is still on the way, so we are to focus on getting to you first.

M4A1: AR-15, shall we make this our rendezvous point?

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: AR-15?

ST AR-15: ...Ah, sure. Over.

M4 SOPMOD II: What? Wait, wait, wait! I haven't finished talki...

AR-15's hiding place...

M4 SOPMOD II: Sheesh, AR-15! We finally got in touch with M4!

ST AR-15: Shut up. You can talk all you want after you meet up.

ST AR-15: Also, now isn't the time...to keep up communication.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?

M4 SOPMOD II: AR-15... You mean...

ST AR-15: That's right... Our call was being monitored.

ST AR-15: We're targeted...by someone dangerous...

M4 SOPMOD II: Wait! Where are you going?

ST AR-15: Don't follow me, SOP-II.

ST AR-15: You have your own mission - to meet up with M4.

ST AR-15: While I...have something else to settle.

M4A1: Welcome, Commander.

M4A1: I am taking the liberty to brief you on this operation as a member of the AR Team. Please pardon the presumptuousness.

M4A1: Apart from me, the AR Team is comprised of three other T-Dolls, two of which are our current reinforcement targets.

M4A1: Our objective is to fend off Sangvis troops in the area so that they can transit to the rendezvous point.

M4A1: Even though I have only come under your command recently, your previous operations have convinced me that you are an outstanding commander.

M4A1: Thank you very much for your help. Let us be on our way.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Under the cover of our troops, M4A1 reached the rendezvous point...

M4A1: AR-15, SOP-II. M4A1 has reached the destination. Are you here yet?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm here, M4!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahahaha, thank goodness!

M4 SOPMOD II: You had me so worried!

M4A1: Phew... I am glad you are okay. Where is AR-15?

M4 SOPMOD II: AR-15...

M4A1: ...Hmm? What happened to her?

M4 SOPMOD II: M4, keep calm and listen to me.

M4 SOPMOD II: Our call was somehow tapped by a Sangvis Ringleader...

M4 SOPMOD II: AR-15 is disrupting enemy pursuit to buy us time.

M4A1: Time? Time for what?

M4 SOPMOD II: They...are already en route... to your control center.

M4A1: What? You mean...Sangvis troops?

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes, the local Ringleader is already on the move.

M4 SOPMOD II: Take me back right now and I'll explain!

M4A1: Commander, this is another member of the AR Team, M4 SOPMOD...

M4 SOPMOD II: M4 SOPMOD II!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, there's no time to explain. Get in the car!

M4A1: What are you doing? The commander has no plan of escaping!

M4 SOPMOD II: But AR-15 said that Sangvis troops are gonna invade Griffin Control soon.

M4 SOPMOD II: We can't hold off so many units with just the two of us, M4!

M4A1: Do not worry, SOP-II. We are not on our own this time.

M4A1: The Commander and all the T-Dolls at the control center will fight together with us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh? We finally...have companions?

M4A1: (Nods) Yes. It is what you have always wanted, is it not?

M4A1: Are you ready to work hard alongside new companions?

M4 SOPMOD II: (Grins) Always! Commander, please give the order!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Sangvis invasion deflected. Mission accomplished.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sangvis is retreating! I did it!

M4A1: Do not cheer only for yourself, SOP-II. This is the fruit of everyone's labor.

M4 SOPMOD II: I contributed, Commander! Praise me!

M4A1: (Sighs) Look at you, wagging your tail only at the commander. Is it really so bad when I give orders?

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh my, so even M4 gets jealous?

M4 SOPMOD II: I just find the commander the most dependable.

M4A1: Fair enough. Then do your best serving under the commander.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay! I'll be good!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll do whatever Commander says as long as...I can tear that 'Hunter' to pieces!

M4A1: Hunter?

M4 SOPMOD II: SP721 'Hunter', the Sangvis Ringleader in this area according to AR-15's investigation.

M4A1: Then...where is AR-15?

M4 SOPMOD II: She...drew Hunter away so that I could retreat.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, Hunter is a wily bastard. AR-15 won't last long on her own!

Sangvis Control.

ST AR-15: ...

Hunter: Is that all you've got? I thought you'd at least have something up your sleeve, coming here to die alone.

ST AR-15: My carelessness has put everyone at risk. If I can somehow make up for my mistake...

Hunter: The AR Team is a group of Griffin T-Dolls that can operate independently without human direction, and you are part of it.

Hunter: You seem so rational you almost come off as ruthless on my record, yet you turn out to be so impulsive.

Hunter: I had thought we could understand each other. How disappointing...

ST AR-15: Your intel is too superficial. Perhaps it's time to upgrade your database.

Hunter: Sure we will. All the problems will be solved once I get my hands on my prey.

ST AR-15: M4A1... Why do you want her so badly?!

Hunter: That's not important, AR-15. The point is, you're gonna be the bait that lures M4 here.

ST AR-15: ...

Hunter: You must pay for your impulsiveness, AR-15.

Hunter: A true hunter would have chosen to remain silent.

Helian: Commander, I'm calling you to give you a new mission.

Helian: Thanks to you, the Sangvis Ringleader lurking in Area S09 has finally been identified.

Helian: SP721 'Hunter' is a highly dangerous Sangvis T-Doll.

Helian: We must launch an immediate search and make preparations for follow-up actions.

Helian: Other Griffin troops will also prepare to surround her.

Helian: We're handing this important mission to you

Helian: Scout the surroundings of Hunter's lair and report its defense to HQ.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Scouting in progress...

Hunter: Humph. You really did show up, M4A1.

M4A1: Someone has entered the channel. That voice...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hunter! It's that Sangvis!

Hunter: Oh? Is that brat here as well?

Hunter: In any case, as you've probably guessed, I have AR-15.

M4 SOPMOD II: Struggling till your last breath, bitch?!

Hunter: Humph. More like it's part of my hunting strategy.

Hunter: Griffin can't take this place in short notice anyway. There's no point in keeping up this stalemate.

Hunter: Drop your weapon and surrender to me, M4A1, and you can have AR-15.

Hunter: Now here's some proof...

Click.

ST AR-15: Don't listen to her, M4! It's all my...

Click.

Hunter: I believe her words will make you give the response that I want.

Hunter: Don't put your money on Griffin. They have no way of coming in.

Hunter: Make your choice soon. Griffin isn't giving us much time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Have you made up you mind, M4?

M4A1: I cannot abandon my companion...

M4A1: If it were AR-15, she'd do the same.

M4 SOPMOD II: She definitely would, but you're not her.

M4 SOPMOD II: You're the commander of the AR Team. You have the responsibility to lead us, don't you?

M4A1: I...

...!! An alarm went off in the control center.

M4A1: That is...the emergency assemble signal!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmm? What could it be at a time like this?

Meanwhile, Griffin Control, Area S09.

Helian: ...So that's the gist of it, Commander.

Helian: The Sangvis troops suddenly went out of control, taking most of their units out of action.

Helian: We don't know the cause of their malfunction, but this is undoubtedly the perfect chance to attack.

Helian: Move out immediately. Find Hunter and finish her!

Helian: It's up to you to deal a fatal blow on Sangvis Ferri, Commander!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Sangvis Control.

ST AR-15: What an unsightly defeat, Hunter.

Hunter: I don't understand. How...

ST AR-15: I modified your command from within your own system, causing this mayhem.

Hunter: Impossible. You don't have Sangvis authorization!

ST AR-15: It's a skill I picked up without even noticing. Came in quite handy, didn't it?

ST AR-15: Maybe I'm actually special. What do you think, Hunter?

Hunter: ...

Hunter: Don't tell me...you deliberately let yourself get caught.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: You said it yourself. 'A true hunter would have chosen to remain silent.'

ST AR-15: Of course, now you will be thoroughly silenced, Sangvis.

One hour later, at the rendezvous point.

M4 SOPMOD II: Look!! It's AR-15! She's here!

ST AR-15: You two sure took your sweet time. God knows how long I'd be stuck in there if I had been counting on you.

M4A1: AR-15... Glad you are okay.

ST AR-15: M4, if this commotion hadn't happened, were you really going to trade yourself for me?

M4A1: I...I do not know...

ST AR-15: I don't care what you were thinking, M4A1. You're the leader. Don't make stupid decisions next time.

M4A1: But I...

ST AR-15: We each have our own responsibilities, M4A1, and that means sometimes we don't have a choice.

ST AR-15: Not to mention M16 is still awaiting rescue.

M4A1: Yes... I will think things through more carefully next time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ooooh, AR-15 just said something really cool.

ST AR-15: ...Come here. Let me tell you something.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wait! I haven't even said anything!

ST AR-15: You won't need to. I'm gonna shut you up for good.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4! Commander! Help!

M4A1: ... (Sighs)

M4A1: Only you left, M16.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Kalina: Mornin', Commander!

Kalina: So, Griffin has another important mission for us

Kalina: No other commander knows Area S09 better than you, so no one could possibly beat you to the job.

Kalina: Like I said, we have a real edge here!

Kalina: That's right. This is where we engaged Hunter's forces.

Kalina: But of course, Hunter isn't here anymore. Unless she could backup her neural cloud like our T-Dolls, that is.

Kalina: Anyway, time to roll up your sleeves, Commander!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Kalina: Uh... Why...are there so many enemy units...?

Kalina: ...Could it be a new Ringleader?!

Kalina: I'm sorry... I shouldn't have taken a job without your permission, Commander.

Kalina: I didn't expect this to happen...

Kalina: Huh? It's okay?

Kalina: It's an opportunity...?

Kalina: You're right, it's an opportunity! An opportunity to get stronger!

Kalina: Never thought you'd be the one to encourage me.

Kalina: We can take it one step at a time. Let's do our best together!

Kalina: Commander, this time we need to collect data in this area.

Kalina: The new Sangvis troops are quite a handful, but...don't panic.

Kalina: Let's begin...the operation...slowly...calmly...

Kalina: Huh? I-I'm very calm, you know!

Kalina: All right. I'll take care of the logistics. Go and look after the T-Dolls on the frontline!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Kalina: We won! You were awesome, Commander!

Kalina: Then shall we take a look at our next task?

Kalina: Hmm?

Kalina: You wanna see...our spoils?

Several large military hard drives were moved in.

Kalina: Here you go.

Kalina: We can't see what's stored inside without technicians though.

Kalina: ...Ok. Then I'll put them back into the storage.

Kalina: At this rate, everything's gonna be fine, Commander!

Kalina: You're here already, Commander?

Kalina: As always, do your best. Come with me!

Kalina: These are the new coordinates. Griffin wants us to retrieve the data here.

Kalina: Hopefully it's the last. We should be nearing the end.

Kalina: Okay, Commander. Get ready to move out!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Kalina: Great! That's the last of them.

Kalina: Now we just have to wait for our teams to transport the hard drives here, and we're done.

Kalina: Huh? What's that alarm...?

Kalina: ...W-What?!

Kalina: Oh no, Commander!

Kalina: A unit just reported a Sangvis ambush on their way back to base!

Kalina: Our T-Dolls are uninjured, but all our spoils were taken away by a Sangvis convoy!

Kalina: What...do we do now?

Kalina: ...Yeah. Our only choice is to track their movements for now. We'll think about the rest later.

Kalina: But...as you've said, it's a bit odd.

Kalina: What exactly...is so important that Sangvis Ferri would guard with such heavy forces...?

Kalina: Commander, we've got a hold on enemy movement.

Kalina: Oddly enough, they haven't gone very far. They've actually set up camp somewhere close by.

Kalina: We've defended against their attack here before, do you remember?

Kalina: In any case, it's time to take back our trophies!

Kalina: Give the order, Commander!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Kalina: Congrats, Commander! We got them back!

Kalina: Our technicians have also had new breakthroughs with extracting data from the hard drives we acquired before...

Kalina: Here's the recording, Commander. Listen to it when you have time.

Kalina: I'm submitting the report to HQ first.

Kalina: It's a huge victory this time! We gotta celebrate properly!

Kalin took off.

Loading recording data. Start playing...

...

The voice belongs to the Sangvis T-Doll Hunter.

Hunter: ...That's everything I've learned.

Hunter: With that, all intelligence collected by Scarecrow, Executioner and me has been uploaded.

??: ...

??: In other words, the data in Safe House 3 are still on M4A1?

??: How careless of them. Griffin doesn't seem to realise just how valuable these data are.

??: They simply have no clue about 'Parapluie' or 'Relique'...

Hunter: Humph. In any case, my job here is done.

Hunter: I'm going back to my hunt.

??: Hunting again...? How savage.

??: Why can't any of my subordinates have a little taste?

Hunter: Unlike you, Intruder, I don't fancy awaiting my death sitting on a chair, dressed in a ballgown.

Intruder: And that's why...a chess piece for me to sacrifice is all you'll ever be.

Intruder: Do you regret serving under my command?

Hunter: Humph... It's not like I had a choice.

Hunter: If dying means getting away from you, then I'm in luck.

Intruder: Don't worry. I'll keep the data safe.

Intruder: After all, my next objective is to give them all a spectacular finale.

Hunter: (Sighs) You're sick. Just how obsessed are you with finales?

Hunter: Thank goodness the operation is about to begin. I can finally get away from you.

...

Intruder: That's all right. I'll be waiting for you.

Intruder: You'll all be waking up together, everyone.

Griffin Control, Area S09.

Makarov: Zdravstvuyte, Commander. Griffin unit Makarov salutes you.

Makarov: Though this mission is a disgrace in itself, it is my honor to serve under your command.

M1895: Hey, what do you mean, 'a disgrace'?! You're to rescue a veteran with very venerable history!

Makarov: As you can see, this is our rescue target this time - a T-Doll designated 'Nagant M1895'.

Makarov: You probably already know her... Or should I say, you can't possible NOT know her...

M1895: Haha, why would the commander not know me? Remember how our friendship burgeoned on the very first battlefield?

Makarov: You probably find it hard to understand the point in rescuing such an old, weak, noisy and commonplace T-Doll.

M1895: Hey, watch it! Or I'll appeal to Gospozha Helian to demote you! A demotion, you hear?!

Makarov: However, during our last operation, she inadvertently discovered an important object that needs to be brought to HQ post-haste.

M1895: Hurry up already, Makarov! I'm still holed up in a Sangvis warehouse!

Makarov: Nagant M1895, do you remember the number of the warehouse? Or at least give me some description to work with.

M1895: I told you. I rushed right in so I didn't pay attention. It's crawling with Sangvis mechanical units outside. I'm dead meat if I go out!

Makarov: (Sighs) Then please stand by. We'll come as quickly as we can.

Makarov: In any case, let's make our first move.

Makarov: As Griffin's main forces are aiding in a military operation, we are severely understaffed here.

Makarov: We'll have to join up with the T-Dolls stationed in the area and rely on their assistance.

Makarov: Commander, please guide us on our way.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Arrived at the designated location.

Makarov: Calling Mosin-Nagant. We've reached our destination.

Mosin-Nagant: Copy that. I've sent two T-Dolls to meet up with you. They should be there any minute.

Makarov: You're not coming? It's your little sister we're rescuing, you know.

Mosin-Nagant: (Forced laughter) All elite T-Dolls have been sent out to provide backup on the military's request.

Makarov: Humph. All for show...

Makarov: In other words, the T-Dolls you're sending me aren't very good, are they...?

??: Hey, they're over there! Hurry!

??: Oh, I see them! Coming!

Makarov: That sounds like...

Makarov: (Sighs) Oh dear...

AK-47: Haha! Long time no see, Makarov!

SKS: So what important mission do you have for a combat expert like me?

Makarov: None. Screw off.

AK-47: Oh c'mon, don't be so cold. We're still seasoned veterans, okay?

Makarov: Sorry. We're looking for infiltrators, not a pair of crazy Ivans.

SKS: Don't underestimate us. We didn't trigger a single alarm on our way here.

AK-47: 'Cause we shot everyone who saw us full of holes, haha!

Makarov: ...

Makarov: I still think we're better off without you two.

AK-47: That won't do. Nagant is our dear friend. We can't just sit here and do nothing!

SKS: At least let us do something. It's not like you have anyone else.

Makarov: Humph. Khorosho.

Makarov: Even bad students are students. I'll make do with you.

Makarov: Behave. If you don't wanna be cannon fodder, you'd better obey my orders.

Makarov: Commander, our rescue mission has now officially commenced.

Makarov: We have to take over a local Sangvis outpost to locate the warehouse we're looking for.

Makarov: The nearest outpost is as indicated. Please guide us on our way.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Outpost secured.

Makarov: Outpost secured. Flawlessly done, Commander.

Makarov: I shall start decoding the data. Get me a chair, SKS.

SKS: Ha, and where do you suggest I get a chair? We couldn't even find the door knob when we came in.

AK-47: Hmm... How can Sangvis units bear rotting in this dumpster?

SKS: This place is only for those in the lower ranks. You should be glad there's a charging port.

AK-47: Ha, I pity those pugs and angelfish.

SKS: You aren't a fish. How do you even know they're pitiful?

AK-47: Just look at this place. Not a single drop of vodka. I can't stand being in here for even half an hour.

SKS: See, AK47, that's your problem. You mustn't indulge in such worldly material gratification.

SKS: You should always be contemplating the purpose of our existence as T-Dolls.

AK-47: Tch. So you're saying, those Sangvis trash have a higher form of existence than me?

Makarov: What kind of nonsense are you two prattling about?

SKS: Aren't you the least bit intrigued, Makarov? About the origin and objective of Sangvis T-Dolls?

Makarov: They are enemies who threaten Griffin's interests. We just have to destroy them.

SKS: Humph. Surely you know quite a lot, Makarov, since you're such good buddies with OTs-14.

AK-47: That's right. C'mon, give us some insider story!

Makarov: ...

Makarov: There, target location acquired. Break time's over.

SKS: Hey! You know something, don't you?! You must know quite a lot, Makarov!

Makarov: ...What difference does knowing make?

Makarov: AK47, SKS, no matter what we know, our order as T-Dolls will never change.

Makarov: Destroying Sangvis Ferri is all we have to do. So let's continue our mission.

Makarov: Commander, our next move is key.

Makarov: We've confirmed Tovarishch Nagant's whereabouts, and must rescue her immediately.

Makarov: Our target is in a warehouse abandoned by Sangvis Ferri, as you probably remember.

Makarov: Let's go. Tovarishch Nagant is waiting for us.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Entering the warehouse in which Nagant has taken refuge.

Makarov: We've entered the warehouse. Now searching for our target.

AK-47: Found her. Over here!

M1895: Ugh...

M1895: AK...47?

AK-47: Oh? So you've still got your brains with you. How many fingers?

M1895: That was so fast no one could've counted! You're confusing me!

AK-47: Makarov, I got the devochka!

AK-47: But her eyes and brains seem to be damaged. What should we do?!

M1895: What the heck?! I'm just groggy from sleep! I'm totally fine!

...!!

SKS: That noise...

AK-47: Oh? Sangvis sniffed us out so soon?

Makarov: They're probably just probing around. They don't know our exact location yet.

...The sound of heavy mechanical units approaching.

M1895: Dammit! Enemy units have already reached this warehouse. We won't make it out!

AK-47: SKS and I will draw their fire. Take the devochka and run, Makarov!

Makarov: Acting all heroic at a time like this?

AK-47: I have no interest in being a hero, but I can't just stand here and do nothing.

SKS: If you wanna repay this debt, make us look cool in Griffin's battle records.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Unlike those star-spangled T-Dolls, I don't like making big flashy moves.

Makarov: But I'm not good at lying.

Makarov: If you want to look good in the records, go back alive and write them yourselves.

...!!

SKS: W...What's that explosion...

Makarov: ...Our last stroke of luck. Don't waste it.

AK-47: Phew... Safe at last.

AK-47: That was quite an explosion. Those Sangvis units didn't even have time to run.

SKS: How did you know we're right next to their powder keg storage, Makarov?

Makarov: I found out when I was searching for Nagant's warehouse.

SKS: You've thought of everything, haven't you. As expected of the one who's earned even Mosin-Nagant's trust.

M1895: Hey, Makarov only got the chance because I'd forgotten where the warehouse was! It's all thanks to me!

SKS: It all started because of you... By the way, what's that thing you're clutching?

M1895: No idea. It has Griffin's logo on it so I just took it with me.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Enough chit-chat. We're not completely out of danger yet.

Makarov: Commander, are you there? We can't go back the way we came.

Makarov: Please lead us away from the battlefield.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Five hours after the end of the operation, outside the conference room at Griffin HQ.

OTs-14: They're still rambling on in there. How are you doing, Mosin-Nagant?

Mosin-Nagant: Hmm. I...I'll be fine.

OTs-14: You must be bored out of your mind standing here like a china doll...while worrying about your sister...

Mosin-Nagant: Makarov's on it so I have no reason to worry. But there's still no news...

OTs-14: That area used to be an important base for Sangvis. It'd take time to figure it out.

OTs-14: Don't worry. Helian has even sent a commander to help them...

Mosin-Nagant: Hush... If the military catch wind of this...

OTs-14: You're right. They won't want us to use the commander for something like this.

OTs-14: Still... Helian actually dispatched a commander to save Nagant.

Mosin-Nagant: Da, I'm very grateful for her decision.

Mosin-Nagant: No matter why she did it or how it turns out...

M1895: Haha, there you are, Mosin-Nagant!

Mosin-Nagant: Huh...?

M1895: I made it back! Did you miss me?

OTs-14: Humph. Things seem to have turned out pretty well.

AK-47: Gosh... We're dead beat.

SKS: But this reunion scene makes it all worthwhile.

Mosin-Nagant: Bolshoe spasibo, AK47, SKS...

Mosin-Nagant: And...where's Makarov?

M1895: She's off to see Helian. Got something important to report, I think.

AK-47: Is it the thingie you had in your hand? She took it with her.

SKS: What on earth is it? Is it really that valuable?

M1895: That...

M1895: Is just a normal communicator, as far as I know.

Meanwhile, in Helian's office.

Helian: The operation was a huge success. You and the commander will receive your commendations very soon.

Makarov: Spasibo.

Makarov: Forgive me for being presumptuous, but is there something special with this communication device?

Helian: Oh? You don't usually ask such questions.

Makarov: I'm just a little intrigued...by the order we received.

Helian: This is an item left behind by AR-15. We have reason to believe that Sangvis might have tampered with it.

Helian: 16Lab wishes to study it. It might just...become the key to our victory.

Makarov: ...I see.

Makarov: We couldn't have succeeded this time without the commander's guidance.

Helian: I expected as much. So?

Makarov: If...

Makarov: If Nagant hadn't been in possession of this item, would you still have sent the commander to help us?

Helian: ...

Helian: Makarov, you...

Helian: (Smiles) You seem to have gained an interest in your own purpose.

Makarov: Da...

Makarov: Or you could say, I have gained an interest...in ourselves.

...

...While it's not like I don't understand everyone's excitement at seeing the ocean and the beach for the first time...

The girls' response is more enthusiastic I had expected, and the way they keep dashing about leaves me feeling exhausted.

Commander: I'm so tired...

Commander: This is supposed to be a beach vacation, so why are there so many things to worry about...

Commander: Let me just find a quiet corner first... I doubt they're capable of blowing up the entire beach anyway...

...I walk for a while into the distance by myself, in order to get some peace and quiet.

Just as I'm about to turn back, I see someone standing on a lookout point in the distance, gazing at the ocean.

I blink, just to be sure I've got the right person.

AK-12: ...

Commander: (AK-12?)

Commander: (What's a T-Doll from Task Force DEFY doing here? Could there be some threat nearby that needs a member of DEFY to handle?)

Commander: (Hmm... But she doesn't seem to be dressed for a combat mission...?)

Commander: ...

Commander: I've been hearing about this stretch of beach since I was a kid. It's always been a vacation hotspot. I just didn't expect to visit it like this.

Commander: Is this your first time seeing the ocean, 12?

AK-12: It is, but it also isn't.

AK-12: The holodeck I use for combat simulations left out a lot of details, so it's something of a surprise to me..

Commander: ...

Commander: I didn't expect to see you here. I mean...

AK-12: Why don't we talk about something more fitting to the locale?

AK-12: You can see the Griffin T-Dolls on the beach from here. They are all such dorks, but that's not bad either, is it?

Commander: I don't care about anything else. Just, please don't tell me DEFY came to the seaside just to watch Griffin's T-Dolls play around.

AK-12: If that's what you think, suit yourself.

Commander: (Mutter) I don't that's the case, and that's what worries me.

Commander: I don't see AN-94 around either, and I have no idea what she's doing away from you.

AK-12: Well, think of it as her learning how to be independent.

AK-12: If 94 remains by my side, there are some difficulties that she will never learn how to overcome.

Commander: So you can't reveal the reason why DEFY is here?

AK-12: It. Doesn't. Concern. You.

Commander: ...

AK-12: So you can make such a face too? How interesting.

Commander: I'm being very serious, AK-12.

Commander: I can let some things slide, but there are also things that I can't permit no matter what, especially things which could endanger the other beachgoers—

AK-12: While I'm very curious about what's worrying you...

AK-12: I can assure you that your safety and that of all the Griffin Dolls present is guaranteed precisely because our presence.

Commander: Right now, I just feel uneasy.

AK-12: That's because your mind is wandering on account of being bored.

AK-12: I'm also tired of sitting here and watching the Griffin T-Dolls play.

AK-12: How about we play together then? Doesn't the Griffin Doll over there have a beach volleyball?

Commander: I'm not in the mood for that...

AK-12: Alright, then how about having the losers do whatever the winners demand? If you win, I'll tell you what we're doing here.

AK-12: You can send as many players as you like. If 94 or I lose even a single set, victory is yours.

Commander: ...Looks like you don't think you can possibly lose.

Commander: It's not like I don't understand how that could be. After all, you and 94 could handily thrash us all.

AK-12: That's true. It's a bit unfair playing against such outdated models.

AK-12: Tell you what, I promise I won't "open my eyes". How about it?

Commander: Also, you're not allowed to hurt them with the volleyball. You mustn't damage their internal or external components.

AK-12: My, you're strict...

AK-12: All right, I accept. Let's have some fun.

AK-12: What about you?

...The match whistle blows over the volleyball court drawn on the beach.

AK-12: I'll handle the first match. I'll be enough by myself.

AN-94: Commander, who will Griffin be sending?

Commander: (That IS a very important question...)

Commander: (In any case, I need to find people who know how formidable DEFY are as well as the rules of volleyball...)

Commander: I've decided. We'll have...

Gr G41: Obviously Master's going to fight the first battle with you!

Commander: Huh? Gr G41?

AK-12: The Commander?

AK-12: Understood. I didn't expect my opponent to be you, Commander. Do show me a good time.

Commander: Hold on please, AK-12. Don't take a joke about an ordinary human going toe-to-toe with an elite T-Doll seriously.

Commander: Also, beach volleyball is played with a partner... Didn't Ameli tell you that earlier?

Gr G41: Go, Master! Show this weirdo who's looking down on Griffin just how powerful you are!

Gr G41: Everyone's going to cheer you on!

Commander: D-d-d-d-don't push me, Gr G41! I'm begging you, just let me go and let me off!

AK-12: You're in position, Commander? Then I'll serve.

AK-12: Let the game begin. Preparing to attack.

Commander: Huh?

Commander: Hang on?

Gr G41: Go, Master! You've got to win!

...With a resounding smack, AK-12's serve sends the volleyball soaring over in a carefully calculated and beautiful curve.

It strikes me square in the face and sends my entire body flying back.

...I'd be happy to keep the bridge of my nose intact, to say nothing of actually winning.

...

Gr G41: (Sobs)

Gr G41: Master... I'm sorry...

Commander: I'm okay, don't worry... Please don't squash me like that.

Commander: ...

Commander: While it's not too likely, I'd like to ask anyway...

Commander: Were you trying to kill me with that serve?

AK-12: Now, why would you think I would be possessed of such a base emotion as a personal grudge?

Commander: I guess so too...

AK-12: Still, I didn't expect you to be out for only 20 minutes. Your body's surprisingly tough, Commander. Very interesting indeed.

AK-12: Shall we continue, Commander? I'd like to correct my databases.

Commander: I'd like to end this summer vacation on my feet, so please give me a break.

...The whistle signalling the end of all matches blows just before sunset.

...AK-12 returns to the lookout point after the matches are over.

AK-12: So this is a human sport...

AK-12: It was a little fun at first, but once you get the hang of it, it becomes boring right away.

Commander: Looks like I'll never know why DEFY came to the beach now.

Commander: Still, since you had the time to play a ball game, I'm sure that you aren't here to take care of some urgent threat.

AK-12: You can be sure that we only came here to watch the Griffin T-Dolls play.

Commander: It looks like I have no choice, so let's go with that.

Commander: Take this. There's enough for you and 94.

AK-12: A slushie?

AK-12: We don't need consolation prizes from Griffin...

Commander: What do you mean by a consolation prize? Gr G36 made these specially for you after she saw the two of you arrive.

Commander: She even custom-blended the flavor, so hurry up and eat it before it melts.

...AK-12 stares at the slushie and gingerly takes a mouthful.

AK-12: Ugh... Hnng...

Commander: You don't like the taste?

AK-12: It's not a matter of the taste.

AK-12: I'm not used to eating iced snacks and my head hurts a little.

Commander: So Dolls can get brain freeze too?

Commander: Well, I didn't expect the elite T-Doll AK-12 to have such a weakness. I need to make good use of this.

Commander: Soon, AK-12 recovers from the sensation and starts rambling on.

AK-12: An iced treat has to taste at least this good before I'd consider putting it in my mouth.

AK-12: Now then, let me think about what I'll have the Griffin Commander do as I nurse this headache of mine.

Commander: Don't ask me to leave Griffin! And don't use this to make me harass other Dolls!

AK-12: I once heard there was a beautiful, high-ranking female in Griffin who had a hard time finding a partner...

AK-12: Why don't you dress up a little and be her prince?

Commander: No harassing non-Dolls either!

AK-12: I was just kidding.

AK-12: Commander, very few humans are this fun to observe, you know.

Commander: The human soul isn't designed the same way as a neural cloud. Interesting souls don't pop out of thin air. You could even say they're nothing more than byproducts of other things.

Commander: So when you meet such souls, do be kind to them.

AK-12: I will.

AK-12: In that case, I'll hang on to the prize for winning the match for now. I'll let you know what I want once I think of something good.

AK-12: I look forward to meeting you again, Commander.

After that, every time I recalled that summer day on the beach, the memory was accompanied by the pain of being smacked in the head by a ball.

That was how our world crossed paths with DEFY on the beach, and then we each resumed our respective courses.

At that time, not all the Dolls realized the true nature of the Doll with the closed eyes. Knowing is a good thing, but perhaps not knowing is also a good thing.

After all...both AK-12 and I knew that there's no telling where we'd stand or where things would take us the next time we meet....Click.

AK-12: ...Oh, it's you. Well? Do you have it? Is the source credible? Good.

AK-12: Then as we previously agreed...you have a deal.

...Transmission terminated.

AK-12: ...Now I just need to let Ange know about this. The rest will be a piece of cake after that.

AN-94: AK-12?

AK-12: You're right on time, not even a second late.

AN-94: I did not want to make you wait.

AN-94: Who were you talking to just now? I've been corresponding with Ange on my way here so I wasn't listening.

AK-12: It wasn't important.

AK-12: I was just preparing a small surprise.

AN-94: Surprise...for whom?

AK-12: For you, for me, and possibly for more people.

AN-94: What do you mean...?

AK-12: You'll find out soon enough.

AK-12: But now isn't the time to worry about that. Weather conditions are deteriorating and the Collapse Fluid radiation concentration has started climbing again in the last two hours.

AK-12: Until the sun comes up, you'll need to keep an eye on the direction of...

Once AK-12 starts the briefing, AN-94 immediately straightens her posture and snaps into focus. As she listens, she syncs her tactical maps with AK-12's neural cloud and updates her data.

AN-94: ...Roger that.

AN-94: Then as per the original plan, I will be in charge of gathering data and guarding the outpost from 0200 to 0600.

AK-12: Bear in mind that we're retreating from this area with Ange at 0615 sharp. Pack everything beforehand so we can move without delay.

AN-94: I will do my best to carry out my mission.

After taking over from AK-12, AN-94 directs her focus on the measuring device.

Meanwhile, AK-12 makes for the underground bunker.

Before she goes, she turns back and watches as AN-94 somberly goes about her work.

AK-12: Apart from the surprise, perhaps I should also make her more...flexible.

Night has fallen for a while and the stars are embroidered into the tapestry of the inky sky. Usually, the party would have come to and end by now.

However, the celebration is still in full swing and the guests are all chattering about the latest source of entertainment.

To find a moment of respite from the hubbub, I head over to the wall and open the windows, then walk out onto the balcony to enjoy the night breeze.

Commander: Phew... She actually prepared such an event without permission. Really didn't see that coming even though I was watching out for her stunts.

The poker game against Griffin that AK-12 planned for the night has become the talk of the town.

It's now the intermission, but everyone is still heatedly discussing the highlights of the game.

AK-12: There you are, Commander.

I look back at the Doll walking up to me.

The silvery moonlight shines on her shoulders, as if draping her in a shimmering shawl.

She's radiating a different aura than what I remember – it makes her both mesmerizing and mysterious.

Commander: ...Are you going to say this is another fateful encounter?

AK-12: I'm too original to use the same shtick twice.

AK-12: If I HAVE to do that, then this person must be important enough for me to violate my own principle...

AK-12: "Oh my, fancy running into you here, Commander. Fate has brought us back together again!"

Commander: Pfft... Hats off to you for giving your old shtick a new spin. So, what can I do for you?

AK-12: If I were to plan a surprise for you, what kind of surprise would you prefer?

Commander: We've been through so much in the last few years.

Commander: To be honest, I don't really want any more surprises... I'd appreciate it if I don't get startled too much.

AK-12: That sounds very reasonable from someone who's been in mortal danger so many times.

Commander: Those unpleasant memories aside, I'm probably a lot more boring than you'd imagine.

Commander: I have the same breakfast every day, I go to bed at the same time every night, and I see the same thing every morning when I open my eyes.

AK-12: I think you have a very wrong idea about the kind of person I am, at least for tonight.

AK-12: I have merely organized a performance to mark the closing of this party – just for the sake of making people smile.

Commander: Is that really all there is to it?

AK-12: Cross my heart and hope to die.

AK-12: This IS what a surprise is supposed to be.

Commander: If you really mean that and aren't planning to prank us, then that in itself will be a massive surprise.

Commander: I simply don't get it... How do you always find the time to come and "visit" us?

Commander: I thought your schedule would be pretty full as a state-of-the-art elite T-Doll.

AK-12: A state-of-the-art elite T-Doll would also have her own way of managing time effectively.

AK-12: Besides...I did tell you that I enjoy observing weaklings, didn't I?

AK-12: Especially those who survive mortal perils again and again.

Commander: That sounds almost accusatory, but I know that's just an excuse...

Commander: From what I heard, nothing holds your interest for long, so I don't believe my little escapades would garner such attention from you.

AK-12: You seem to have done some research on me.

AK-12: Let me guess... Ange had a few too many drinks on a call and started rambling?

Commander: ...Something like that.

Commander: Look, you have us all figured out, it's only fair that I at least know something about you.

Commander: I just can't help but wonder – since you can pretty much anticipate every move I make, what's the point in keeping such a close eye on me?

AK-12: So you really have no clue.

AK-12: I suppose that's only natural. After all, from your own perspective, everything you do makes perfect sense...

AK-12: But to the casual observer, your existence is quite incredible.

Commander: You misunderstand. It mainly comes down to luck that I managed to survive for so long.

AK-12: Explorers who discovered new lands often ascribed their success to the contributions made by their predecessors, the support of their sponsors, or good fortune granted by deities...though none of these mattered.

AK-12: The point is they took a step forward. That's it.

Commander: Columbus would probably take great pleasure in your compliments, but I hardly deserve them.

AK-12: Is that so?

AK-12: I've always held you in high regard, Commander. I find your hunger for success positively enthralling.

Commander: Hunger, you say...?

Commander: I simply try my best to grab hold of whatever I can. Surely that isn't too greedy of me?

AK-12: When I first met AR-15 and M4A1, I thought their actions were both amateurish and stupid. They never take their own safety into consideration and are extremely reckless.

AK-12: But as time passed, I began to realize that the way they fight is inspired by yours...

AK-12: You strive to turn dangerous situations into victories and survive against impossible odds. Even if you have the choice of cutting your losses to save the bigger picture, you never hesitate to choose the harder option of leaving nobody behind.

Commander: Are you praising me or are you admonishing me in a roundabout way?

AK-12: Why not both? You know, as a faithful friend of mankind, I always try to be honest.

Commander: Hmm...I admire Ange from the bottom of my heart for being able to put up with you.

AK-12: This is how I was designed, and she has her duties. Neither of us can operate without the other.

Commander: Still, I find it hard to believe an argumentative Doll like you would willingly carry out your orders.

AK-12: I may not be able to disobey my orders, but as a "state-of-the-art elite T-Doll", I am capable of questioning them.

AK-12: Propositions that cannot be disproved, cannot be verified either. For a battle plan to work smoothly, participants who can raise questions about the details of its execution are necessary.

Commander: Now that I think about it, perhaps the reason I've always been so wary of you is because I can't bring myself to accept...a Doll that's smarter than me, more thoughtful than me, and more capable than me.

Commander: What I fear isn't your mischief, but the fact that I can never seem to gain the upper hand in our verbal spar no matter how much I rack my brain.

Commander: Still, losing an argument against you isn't so bad.

Commander: At least we humans get to hear some harsh prophecies before we forge our own demise.

AK-12: Am I a prophet now...? What an intriguing idea. I'll take it as a compliment.

Commander: And congratulations on your overwhelming victory. Once again, you've wiped the floor with Griffin. Are you satisfied now, AK-12?

AK-12: I don't care about winning. Otherwise, I wouldn't have let her cheat.

Commander: Cheat? You mean MDR? That little...

AK-12: Oh, you don't have to punish her... After all, the audience didn't notice, and it was pretty dramatic.

AK-12: If I'd won, the crowd wouldn't have been so enthusiastic.

Commander: But...

AK-12: You sure have a lot of fascinating T-Dolls under your command.

AK-12: I can't say much about their specs, but each and every one of them is interesting in their own unique way.

AK-12: To me, Griffin is like a massive playground. Every time I run into you, I gather a lot of interesting data.

AK-12: ...Oh, intermission's over. I've got to go back to the table and wrap up the game.

AK-12 picks up her skirts and gives me a respectful curtsy, then flits away lightly like the wind.

I watch as her figure disappears into the crowd.

After several rounds, DEFY...and MDR seem to have gained the upper hand in the Texas Hold Em tournament.

Though MDR ended up being disqualified for cheating, K2 is still the player who has lost the most chips.'

In the end, AK-12 declares that, "Since poker players only represent themselves, let's just have the biggest loser take the punishment."

After the game, AK-12 confronts this ultimate loser.

AK-12: ...Well? Be a good sport, will you?

K2: I... Hmm, fine. But there are so many people...

AK-12: Relax. Think of it in a different way – this isn't a punishment; it's an opportunity for you to shine.

K2: ...Humph. I'm only doing this to set a good example for the juniors.

K2: Besides, I've conquered all the dance arcade machines in Pocket City!

Having no choice but to be the star of the "closing performance" due to losing the poker game, K2 still pulls herself together and walks onto the stage.

In her indigo ball gown, K2 takes a deep breath and plugs a song into the stereo.

As the intro comes in with a lively beat, K2 snaps her high heels together with a brisk tap.

She sways her long legs and begins to prance around energetically.

Seeing K2 forget all about her exhaustion and shine so brightly under the spotlight, I know it's worth bringing her along today.

Commander: When K2 puts her heart into something, she can do a fantastic job.

AK-12: So what do you think about my elaborate plan, Commander?

AK-12: I've prepared over a hundred possible scenarios regarding this closing performance.

AK-12 walks up to my side and gazes at the stage with me, appraising this "surprise" that she has sprung onto me.

Still, I've got to admit that this "surprise" far surpasses my expectations.

I can do nothing but smile dryly and nod at my bitter but also unexpectedly sweet defeat.

Commander: Looks like I'm being haunted by a very persistent ghost, sigh...

Commander: Is it really so much fun for you to make trouble for us?

AK-12: I think so, though I also got myself into trouble because of that.

Commander: Then what exactly are you trying to gain from us?

AK-12: Sometimes, you won't know you want something unless you've seen it for yourself.

AK-12: And sometimes you won't realize that's the answer you've been searching for until you have it.

Commander: ...Want me to talk to Ange or Helian about this?

Commander: Griffin is always looking for new talents, especially those who are feeling lost.

Commander: We are very experienced in helping all kinds of Dolls start a new life.

AK-12: No need, I'm quite happy with my current boss and job.

Commander: That's a real shame. Now Ange has given me another reason to be jealous of her.

AK-12: Still, you'll have more than enough opportunities to poach me. We'll probably meet again very soon.

Commander: Will I be getting a new "surprise" then?

AK-12: I hope you can perceive them as "lovely memories". It'll probably make it easier for you to suffer through it.

AK-12: Our time is up, Commander.

Commander: But the cocktail party isn't over yet! The performance is still...

AK-12: I sneaked in here without a proper invitation, after all, so I don't think making an ostentatious exit is a good idea.

Commander: ...You're making a joke out of Griffin's security.

AK-12: But you and your T-Dolls all know I'm here, don't you?

AK-12: Do svidaniya.

When I first met her, she reminded me of vodka – sharp, spicy, and colorless.

But once I've had a proper taste, I realized that she's actually a dark crimson Amarone – bitter with a tinge of sweetness.

She strides away without looking back.

I gaze at the glow of silvery moonlight that seems to cling onto her...until it fades into darkness.

Commander: What an extraordinary pers... Doll.

As midnight approaches, the cocktail party comes to an end in a thunderous round of applause.

Sedan engines come revving to life one after the other, and smartly-clad chauffeurs set off on the journey home with their tipsy passengers onboard.

But many guests, still in high spirits because of the alcohol, stay on to discuss the party tonight and share anecdotes with each other.

AK-12: ...Any second now.

Perched on a suitcase, AK-12 checks the time and sees that AN-94 will soon show up.

She's right – AN-94 rushes into the parking lot in her high heels, pushing a large suitcase of her own, precisely five minutes after the end of the cocktail party.

AK-12: Hey.

AN-94: AK-12...what is going on? Didn't you tell me to come to the cocktail party alone?

AN-94: When I saw you at the venue, I thought it wasn't a good idea to question you in public so I didn't say anything...

AK-12: I did say I had a "surprise" for you.

AN-94: Still, that kind of joke was a bit too...

AK-12: You don't have to worry about anything. You didn't lose my body.

AN-94 was going to press the matter, but what AK-12 just said has left her dumbfounded. She stands there like a statue, her jaws slack in shock.

AN-94: W...when did you find out?

AK-12: Since the very beginning, duh.

AK-12: Asking Ange to get you an invitation, sending you to the cocktail party – all my idea.

AN-94: I'm really sorry for touching your spare body...

AK-12: Don't worry about it. Despite being a stiff, inflexible block of wood, you still take me by surprise sometimes.

AN-94: ...I don't understand.

AK-12: You don't have to. Do I look like I understand what you've been up to today?

AN-94: Even you have things you don't understand?

AK-12: Sure I do, like some things about Ange...and that Griffin Commander...

AK-12: You may even join the list of unfathomable things in the future depending on how it goes.

AN-94: But as your backup unit, if there are things about me that perplex you, won't it create factors of uncertainty in battle?

AK-12: Having analyzed something completely doesn't guarantee correct understanding. The world doesn't consist of things that are all either 0 or 1. It's far more important to be able to navigate the hazy gray area in between than to have accurate computation capabilities.

AK-12: Now your neural cloud is becoming more complex and harder for me to fathom. That's a good sign - it proves that you've grown.

AK-12: So, did you have fun at the cocktail party? Have you learned how to relax?

AN-94 stands there in a daze. She closes her eyes and seems to be replaying everything she's been through during the evening in her head.

AK-12 doesn't interrupt and patiently waits for her to gather her thoughts.

After a long time, AN-94 opens her eyes, a small smile creeping onto her emotionless face.

AN-94: I guess so, but I'm not entirely sure.

AK-12 covers her mouth and chuckles at that answer.

AK-12: Very good. I'm glad you're finally catching up to me. From now on, we can give Ange and the Commander double the headache....

About 40 days after the operation in Area S05...

The AR Team is on an aircraft returning from a visit to M4A1...

M4 SOPMOD II: M16...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, M16.

M16A1: ...

M16A1: What?

M4 SOPMOD II: M4A1...

M4 SOPMOD II: What in the world happened to her...?

M16A1: Well...

M16A1: (Sighs)

M16A1: According to Persica, her neural cloud is damaged and her Imprint severed...

M16A1: Even though the neural cloud has now been repaired, the Imprint link still needs to be re-established. Until then, she won't even be able to hold a weapon properly...

M4 SOPMOD II: How could that be... I've never heard of such things...

RO635: Well... Don't despair yet.

RO635: As the tech provider for T-Dolls, I'm sure 16Lab will be able to get M4 back to how she was.

RO635: What we need to do for now...is to get back into top form ourselves and wait for her to come back...

M16A1: You're right... Let's take a good rest once we're back at the base and wait for our next assignment.

M4 SOPMOD II: I hope it's gonna be a full-scale counterattack. It's been ages since my last proper fight - I'm itching for a good one.

M16A1: Humph. Didn't you tear some Sangvis mobs to shreds just days ago...?

M4 SOPMOD II: I have no memory of that, so it doesn't count.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm gonna remember everything clearly next time!

...Click.

M16A1: Tsk...

RO635: What is it, M16?

M16A1: A transmission from Helian.

M16A1: An urgent one at that...

M16A1: RO, you'd better...

RO635: (Nods)

Helian: M16, are you guys still on the aircraft?!

M16A1: Uh, yeah...

M16A1: ETA in three hours...

Helian: Change your course immediately according to Plan C!

Helian: Area S03, where you're flying over right now, has suddenly come under the attack of numerous Jupiter cannons!

Helian: A freighter plane was destroyed in the area just three minutes ago! You must find a way to steer clear of that airspace, do you copy?!

M16A1: Got it! Adjusting the course right now! We'll be...

BOOM!

M16A1: Hey! What happened?!

M4 SOPMOD : We're hit!

M16A1: Dammit!

M16A1: Miss Helian! Do you copy?! The rudder of our plane got scraped by a shell!

M16A1: I've already sent out a distress signal. Please mount a rescue immediately, Miss Helian!

M16A1: Tsk, comms are down. We're losing altitude!

M16A1: Hold on tight! Don't let go!

...

......

M4A1: M16.

M4A1: Wake up, M16.

M16A1: M4?

M16A1: Is that you?

M16A1: How come you're here?

M4A1: Is that strange?

M4A1: Open your eyes and look at me...

M4A1: Haven't you...been asking to see me?

M16A1: ...?!

M16A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: M16? Are you okay?

M16A1: ...

M16A1: I'm...fine...

M16A1: Did you kill these Sangvis units for me?

M4 SOPMOD II: Just mobs attracted by the noise. Piece of cake.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is your neural cloud stable? Just now you looked a bit...

M16A1: Phew...

M16A1: Thanks, SOP II. I'm okay.

RO635: You sure, M16?

M16A1: (Stands up) Positive.

M16A1: What's our status?

RO635: Not good. I'm afraid we've crashed into the heart of Sangvis territory.

RO635: We'd better leave this place as soon as possible before we're detected.

M16A1: True. You have full command, RO.

RO635: But...I can't compare with M4 in terms of experience in dealing with emergencies...

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry. You have our experience to work with. Now get us outta here!!

RO635: Understood. Please lend me your strength.

RO635: We only have one single objective - leave this place safely.

RO635: We can't do this on our own. I'll need you to get in touch with Helian and get a rescue plan from her, M16.

M16A1: But the weather conditions are terrible right now and the signal isn't too stable.

M16A1: We have to find a communication outpost first.

M4 SOPMOD II: Not only is the signal weak, we're also freezing to death, and we're running low on rations...

M4 SOPMOD II: There's snow everywhere and we can't see a thing...

RO635: Let's find somewhere with a clearer view first so that I can study the terrain and come up with a plan.

RO635: Move carefully. This area has been occupied by S.F. not long ago, and we're on our own...

M4 SOPMOD II: Sure...

M4 SOPMOD II: Then let's get a move on. It's too cold here. If I don't keep moving, I'm gonna freeze!

RO635: Be careful. The terrain is way too steep here. Once we go down, we won't be able to come back up.

M16A1: Hmm...

M16A1: Should we stay and make sure...

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha, so it's a slide!

M4 SOPMOD II: Here I come!!!!!!! (Slides off)

M16A1: ...

RO635: ...The coast seems clear. Let's go.

【HINT】Routes marked with arrows are one-way tracks. Bear in mind that you cannot backtrack once you have traveled in the direction of the arrow.
Part 2

2

...

RO635: Guys, we're about to get to the outpost!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, over there!

RO635: ...!

BOOM!

M16A1: Hey, that's a Jupiter, isn't it?!

M16A1: They've got one even here?!

BOOM!

RO635: Not just one...

RO635: I think we just happened to have crashed in a really bad place.

M4 SOPMOD II: What the heck?! The cannon blew the outpost to smithereens!

M4 SOPMOD II: Now what?!

RO635: Change of plan. We go around and keep moving!

RO635: Keep your eyes open. S.F. has already noticed our presence!

M16A1: We've been very careful the whole way. How did they find us?

RO635: No clue. Perhaps the Ringleader here is something else.

M16A1: You mean there are other dolls like Dreamer?

RO635: Don't worry too much for now. Sangvis forces haven't completely surrounded us yet, which means they don't have our precise location.

RO635: Let's just change our course of action and go around first.

M16A1: There's a forest to the west. It may be safer to take cover in there.

RO635: Can't be helped. We'll have to give it a shot...

RO635: Helian said another freighter was shot down in this area.

RO635: We might be able to find resources and survivors on the way. Hopefully we'll make it in time...

RO635: Before we're discovered by this unfathomable Sangvis T-Doll...

Meanwhile, in a Sangvis Ferri command post.

Architect: Haha! Yes! I got it!

Architect: Bull's-eye! Bull's-eye!

Gager: It's early in the morning... Pipe down...

Gager: So...what bull's-eye?

Architect: Hey! Gager, look!

Architect: I just hit that communication outpost!

Gager: ...

Gager: And...why did you do that?

Architect: Hmm...no reason at all.

Architect: It was just situated on a super irritating spot and I felt like testing my aim, tee-hee!

Gager: Jeez...

Gager: Don't waste your OCD on such trivial matters.

Gager: If you have the time, why don't you search for Griffin survivors?

Architect: Huh? There are survivors?

Gager: Your shell only grazed that aircraft. The probability that they managed to crash-land safely is extremely high.

Architect: Hmm... Since the data is from you...

Architect: But we're here to test these cannons, right? If both of us move out, who's gonna guard them?

Gager: I'll go look for survivors. You just stay here and keep the base secure...

Gager: And stop firing random shots. You might end up hitting friendly units.

Architect: Alright, alright, I get it.

Architect: Then I'm leaving them to you. Move along!
Part 3

3

M16A1: RO, there's a small heliport ahead.

RO635: Yes, I'm seeing it...

RO635: Unfortunately, it's no longer operable.

RO635: It's impossible to take off in such weather...

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah, even our transmissions aren't getting anywhere...

M4 SOPMOD II: At this rate, I wonder how long our rations are gonna last...

RO635: Once the weather improves, we'll have a chance.

RO635: More importantly, the communication outpost is directly ahead. Let's keep moving!
Part 4

4

M16A1: RO, there are multiple Sangvis outposts ahead.

M16A1: Their defense isn't too strong judging by visual assessment, but we're currently low on supplies so breaking through will still be tough.

RO635: Hmm... Anything on your end, SOP II?

M4 SOPMOD II: I just saw a supply checkpoint over there. Maybe we can top up first?

M16A1: Must be the supplies from the Griffin freighter that got shot down...

M16A1: RO, that checkpoint can only provide supplies once. It'll be no different than regular checkpoints afterward.

M16A1: We should plan ahead and only use it when the situation calls for it.

RO635: Understood. I'll take that into consideration as I plan our moves.

【HINT】The resupply nodes in this area are consumptive utility nodes. They revert to normal nodes after single use.
Part 5

    5chevron_right

RO635: Be careful. The terrain is way too steep here. Once we go down, we won't be able to come back up.

M16A1: Hmm...

M16A1: Should we stay and make sure...

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha, so it's a slide!

M4 SOPMOD II: Here I come!!!!!!! (Slides off)

M16A1: ...

M16A1: ...The coast seems clear. Let's go.

【HINT】Routes marked with arrows are one-way tracks. Bear in mind that you cannot backtrack once you have traveled in the direction of the arrow.

20 minutes later.

RO635: Guys, I just flagged a location.

RO635: If the old map data is accurate, that should be a communication outpost.

M16A1: Are the comms system still usable after so long?

RO635: We don't have a choice... We must take our chances.

M4 SOPMOD II: Uhh... It seems to be getting even colder. Better get moving.

M16A1: RO, we should scavenge leftover supplies and keep ourselves replenished.

RO635: Understood. I'll keep that in mind.
Part 2

2

...

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha! Look, another communication outpost!

RO635: Fantastic. The door isn't locked either.

RO635: M16, could you please check the comms system inside?

M16A1: Fully functional and shows no sign of having been hacked. We're really in luck.

M4 SOPMOD II: Woohoo! Then let's go in!

M4 SOPMOD II: We have to set up a new communication network and warm ourselves up while we're at it. I'm literally turning into a popsicle!

Three minutes later.

Helian: M4...

Helian: Wait, no. M16, is that you?

M16A1: Yes, Miss Helian. We are all okay.

M16A1: We found several survivors and are now contacting you at a communication outpost to the west of where we crashed.

Helian: That's good news...

Helian: HQ has been doing everything they can to mount a rescue mission once they learned of your survival.

Helian: However, this is going to take some time due to the distance and poor weather conditions.

M16A1: We are relatively safe for now, but S.F. has probably already detected our presence.

M16A1: We've been gathering our forces by searching for other survivors, but the weather is simply too terrible.

M16A1: Low temperatures and strong winds are severely impeding our movements and replenishments.

Helian: I'm dispatching...

Helian: ...aircraft to the heli...in the southeast...

M16A1: Pardon? Miss Helian?

Helian: ...to provide supplies...

Helian: But...careful...

...

Connection broken.

M16A1: (Slams the table) Dammit!

RO635: The blizzard must be interfering with the signal...

RO635: If there's a heliport in the southeast, then they must be able to keep sending in supplies.

RO635: In any case, let's move out.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

M4 SOPMOD II: M16, look at that!

M16A1: ...!

M16A1: Is that...Jupiter?!

RO635: That's right, it's a Jupiter cannon.

RO635: Keep your distance. We don't stand a chance against its firepower.

M16A1: What do you know about this thing, RO?

RO635: We've run into something like this when patrolling human settlements in the past.

RO635: According to Persica's research, Sangvis Ferri probably acquired cannon technology after hacking into the Military's database.

RO635: Codenamed "Marduk" internally, it's most definitely developed especially to thwart us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph, "Griffin Killers", are they?

M4 SOPMOD II: But there's a way to deal with them, right?

RO635: It's almost impossible to take them head-on, but from what we've learned in our previous operation...

RO635: If we coordinate our forces to seize the checkpoints surrounding a mortar, we can hack into its system and significantly reduce its firepower.

M16A1: That's to say, we can neutralize its threat as long as we have it completely surrounded, right?

RO635: Precisely. If we really have to go against one, that's the best way to go at it.

RO635: Surround it first, then charge at it and take it out.

M16A1: Well...guess we should pray this battle doesn't come too soon.

RO635: Yeah, only think about it after we replenish our supplies.

RO635: Right now...we can hardly move as it is with the cold and the hunger...

【HINT】To take over a cannon node, occupying its surrounding nodes first can greatly reduce the cannon's firepower.

Half an hour later.

M16A1: The weather seems to have improved a bit, but visibility is still crap...

M16A1: Can you see the heliport on your side, RO?

RO635: (Squints) No, I...can't...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, I see it! It's over there!

M4 SOPMOD II: But...I'm not seeing any aircraft or supplies...

M16A1: That's not good. We're gonna run out of rations soon.

M16A1: If we keep moving around in the open, we're gonna be immobilized soon...

Click.

Helian: M16, are you still there?

Helian: What I was trying to say, is that the flurry is rendering a paradrop incredibly difficult.

Helian: Our drone can only make it to the heliport when the weather improves, and it'll have to withdraw immediately afterwards.

M16A1: Which means we'll have to seize the window of opportunity to re-supply at the heliport, correct?

Helian: Yes, I'll inform you of the intervals between flurries. Time your request for the supplies carefully.

Helian: Furthermore, another important T-Doll crashlanded in this area along with the freighter.

Helian: She's equipped with very valuable technical modules, so please get her out of there.

M16A1: Copy that. Who exactly is this T-Doll?

Helian: M1887, an elite T-Doll armed with a shotgun.

Helian: The last time we got in touch, she was in the shelter in the center of this area.

Helian: You'll have to enter through the southeastern route and go around the enemy's cannon blockade.

M16: Order confirmed. We'll set off for the shelter right away.
Part 2

2

Click.

M4 SOPMOD II: Phew...we finally made it.

M4 SOPMOD II: My body has also warmed up after some food...

M4 SOPMOD II: So this is the shelter Helian mentioned?

RO635: Should be, but do you see...

RO635: Uh...Tactical Doll M1887?

M16A1: No. According to the data, a T-Doll had indeed been here, but that was three hours ago.

M16A1: Can't be helped. We'll have to contact Helian.

Click.

M16A1: Calling Griffin HQ.

M16A1: Is this Miss Helian?

Gager: Sorry, you got the wrong channel...

Gager: Griffin.

RO635: ...?!

RO635: Who are you?!

Gager: Sangvis Ferri Manufacture SP 21 "Gager".

Gager: None of you will be leaving this place, AR Team and all present Griffin T-Dolls.

Gager: You're completely exposed the moment this connection was established.

RO635: ...

RO635: (So...we weren't exposed until just now?)

Gager: I applaud your courage and determination to survive, but I'm afraid your existence will soon come to an end.

Gager: Do please enjoy your final moments as you're about to be completely surrounded by Sangivs units...

Gager: And all hopes shall be lost for you.

Meanwhile, in a Sangvis command post.

Architect: Wow! That's a cool speech, Gager!

Architect: Show those half-baked T-Dolls who are the real pros!

Gager: (Sighs) You're hardly a pro either, horsing around all day...

Architect: Hey, I AM giving the cannons a proper run!

Architect: You see those out there? I installed all those cannons in a row. Imagine how cool it's gonna be when they fire all at once!

Gager: Is that why you set them all up together?

Gager: At this rate, not even I can guarantee we have enough resources to keep the operation going...

Architect: No biggie. This looks neat and tidy, right?!

Architect: Besides, I'm your superior! Isn't it your duty to assist me?

Gager: Sure. Then as your adjutant, I'm heading out for some pest control.

Architect: Huh? Is that necessary? Isn't it fine to just leave them alone?

Gager: By "pest", I also mean the remaining trio of the AR Team.

Architect: WHAT?! Then I'm coming too!

Gager: Who's going to take care of the base if you're also out? Not to mention they'll have to pass by the base on their way out.

Gager: Just wait here patiently and notify me the moment you detect their whereabouts.

Architect: Okie dokie! Move along! I'll keep the hearth warm!
Part 3

3

M4 SOPMOD II: Watch out ahead, RO!

RO635: ...!

M16A1: Sangvis cannons! Lots of them!

M16A1: The Ringleader...has even anticipated the route we have to take...

M4 SOPMOD II: They've installed cannons right next to each other... We can't possibly occupy them.

RO635: It would be very dangerous to force a breakthrough...

RO635: We have no choice but to circle around them.

RO635: Let's find our way carefully to the back of the cannon blockade. We're not far from the shelter!

【HINT】When it is difficult to make your way across adjacent cannon nodes that form a chain, consider finding a safer route to circle around.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

RO635: M16, what did Helian say about that heliport?

M16A1: According to Helian's intel, the flurry lets up about every fifteen hours.

M16A1: The heliport will open for five hours during the down time for us to top up our supplies.

M16A1: We must time it perfectly in order to do that.

RO635: Understood. I'll keep that in mind.

【HINT】The heliport in this area opens once every three turns. It stays open for an extra turn before closing.

Five minutes later, a Sangvis alarm starts blaring.

M4 SOPMOD II: The alarm is sounding! She's upping her game!

M16A1: Keep calm. It's gonna take a while for them to get here.

M16A1: RO, can you give us an estimate on their numbers?

RO635: ...

RO635: It's gonna be more than just a handful...I reckon.

RO635: But judging by Gager's command efficiency, I doubt she'd be able to mobilize that many teams at once.

M4 SOPMOD II: What do you mean? As in they're not gonna swarm us?

RO635: But there's another possibility...

RO635: There may be more than one Ringleader in the area.

M16A1: C'mon, two Ringleaders?

M16A1: Please tell me it's just a random guess.

RO635: It IS just a guess, but we must not panic and start scrambling around.

RO635: Let's find a spot for a breakthrough before the S.F. forces have us surrounded.

M4 SOPMOD II: What about M1887? We still haven't found her...

RO635: We haven't run into her yet, so she must be somewhere farther in.

RO635: All we can do is forge ahead and count on sheer dumb luck.

RO635: After all...our own safety comes first.

M16A1: ...

M16A1: I understand. Then lead us on, RO.
Part 2

2

...

Gager: The legendary AR Team?

Gager: Unfortunately for you, there will be no escape.

Gager: I am by no means underestimating you. I have investigated the supplies and T-Dolls you acquired along your way.

Gager: It is impossible for you to break through this blockade in your current condition.

RO635: Dammit! The cannons are too deadly. The enemy clearly anticipated our moves.

RO635: This is not going to end well. Should we retreat first...

M16A1: RO, we can't possibly beat Gager in attrition warfare!

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't care anymore! Let's just go out in a bang!

???: Please hold it.

RO635: ...?!

RO635: Encrypted channel...

RO635: Who are you?

M16A1: Don't tell me... Another Sangvis Ringleader?

M1887: Griffin Tactical Doll M1887.

M1887: RO635, lead your team and keep Gager busy.

M1887: I will find an opportunity to sever the cannons' power source.

RO635: Alone? For us?

M1887: For all of us.

M16A1: Caution, RO. She's using a Sangvis channel.

M1887: This is my way of staying undercover and keeping my location safe.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...can we trust her?

RO635: ...

RO635: M1887, are you really a member of Griffin?

M1887: I know who I am, RO635...

M1887: And whom I serve.

RO635: Then I believe you. I hope you don't disappoint us when we meet.

RO635: We retreat for now and prepare for the next attack!
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...

M16A1: This won't do, RO! We still haven't been able to get the upper hand in the last few attacks!

M4 SOPMOD II: At this rate, we're gonna run out of ammo!

M4 SOPMOD II: Where the hell is M1887? Is she really helping us...?

RO635: Focus on what you're doing!

RO635: Another round is coming! Find cover, quick!

...

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh...? No explosions?

M1887: I've cut off the power source of the cannons.

M1887: You have ten minutes before auxiliary power comes online. Break through Gager's blockade and come to the safehouse in the valley!

M16A1: M1887...

RO635: Copy that! Let's go, guys!

Ten minutes later, everyone has made it to the safehouse.

M4 SOPMOD II: Phew... That was close...

M16A1: Such thrills...

M16A1: So, M1887, I presume?

M1887: Pleasure, AR Team.

M16A1: Now, could you please explain how you're navigating the Sangvis network?

M16A1: Sorry, but we're just a bit curious...

M1887: And suspicious, I understand.

M1887: You do know that 16Lab has recently gained some brand-new T-Doll manufacturing technology.

RO635: You're the prototype that Persica mentioned, right? The prototype of THAT tech.

M1887: Guess whose parts I'm using?

RO635: ...

RO635: Giving them a taste of their own medicine?

M1887: Not every person is born with a purpose...

M1887: But every T-Doll is created for one.

RO635: Alright, I believe you. Tell me everything you know.

RO635: SOP II, set up the comms.

RO635: We need a new encrypted channel to send a progress report to Helian.

M4 SOPMOD II: Roger. On it now!

Suddenly, M1887 raises her weapon.

M16A1: ...!

M16A1: SOP II, watch your back!

BANG!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you doing, M1887?! Why did you blast the comms to pieces?!

M1887: Your team is missing a T-Doll.

M1887: She's gone because of Parapluie, hasn't she?

M16A1: ...What has that got to do with what you did?

M1887: Parapluie modules are embedded onto Sangvis equipment beforehand. They're then implanted into your comms module through physical contact.

M1887: In other words, you'll be a Parapluie carrier the moment you activate any electronic device that contains the virus.

M4 SOPMOD II: But...how do you know this specific device contains Parapluie?

RO635: Devices that carry Parapluie emit a different signal. It can be detected by an interceptor pattern even without direct contact.

RO635: This is the achievement of 16Lab's research. I'm always extra careful before I hack into Sangvis systems...except this time...

RO635: I'm sorry. I've overlooked it due to my nerves...

M16A1: S.F. takes advantage of this and catches us off guard.

M16A1: It's fine, RO. Just be careful next time...

Gager: There will be no next time, AR Team.

Gager: I finally have you...

Gager: You may have seen through my superior's little trap, but we've never placed all our bets on that anyway.

Gager: After all...I don't like winning that way...

M16A1: Humph, so you're the type to proudly bully people because you have more goons?

Gager: I merely don't like probability. Only things with no variables keep me at ease.

Gager: And it must follow, as the day the night, you'll be completely surrounded by my forces with no way to escape.

RO635: Everyone heed my order! Fortify this shelter immediately!

RO635: Prepare to defend against S.F. attack and make it through the night!

M4 SOPMOD II: Is there hope after that?

RO635: I don't know. But surely we'll stand a better chance if we manage to last till dawn?

RO635: Besides, as M16 said on the way here, Helian must have something up her sleeve.

M16A1: Ha. You're more optimistic than M4 in terms of personality.

RO635: (Smiles wistfully) All thanks to my background.

RO635: After all, this is my only saving grace.

...

Three hours later, on the outdoor training ground at Griffin HQ.

Helian: Ah, Mr Kryuger...

Kryuger: Helian, still no news from them?

Helian: Apologies. We haven't been able to get in touch.

Kryuger: The weather doesn't seem to be the problem here.

Helian: Weather conditions have improved significantly, but...night has also fallen.

Kryuger: Then leave it to the experts. They'll be there soon, right?

Helian: ETA in ten minutes...

Helian: For the experts who can handle this kind of thing.

...

......

UMP45: Hmm, got it.

UMP45: Rescuing the AR Team is our priority, correct?

Helian: Yes. Remember our informant's comms channel and watch out for the cannons.

Helian: Mr Kryuger wants to see them alive.

UMP45: We've never disappointed him...

UMP45: Not since the very beginning, have we?

Transmission terminated.

UMP9: Hmm...

UMP45: Oh, you awake?

UMP9: Was that...a call from Miss Helian?

UMP45: We have the last piece of intel. Time to set off.

UMP9: Can't believe you actually took the job.

UMP45: Huh? Is that strange?

UMP9: Nah, not really.

UMP9: But it's pretty cold. This is gonna take some getting used to.

UMP45: Humph. We already have it way better than the AR Team.

UMP45: They're still going in circles, waiting for the heliport to open.

UMP9: (Sighs) We'll have to do the same thing once the operation begins.

UMP9: And 416 isn't gonna be happy about rescuing the AR Team...

UMP45: Tee-hee. Since when have we received jobs that make us happy?

UMP45: Alright, rub the sleep off your face. I'm doing the briefing.

UMP45: We'll need to enter from the east and take over an outpost in the north to give 416 and Gr G11 the chance to infiltrate the battlefield.

UMP9: Are they already there?

UMP45: They're on standby at the outpost in the north, studying the terrain.

UMP45: 9, have our maps been updated?

UMP9: Ja! All updated!

UMP9: There are two routes to go north...up here...

UMP9: The one above is too heavily fortified. It'll be the safest bet to sneak in from the side.

UMP45: Understood. I'll take that into consideration.

UMP45: Now let's start moving. ♪
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

......

...!

UMP9: (Gestures) Target destroyed.

UMP45: (Gestures) Advance.

...

UMP9: Alright, all the guards on this end have been cleaned up.

UMP45: Same on my end. The area is safe.

UMP45: 9, infiltrate the outpost and establish the channel.

UMP9: Mhmm, on it already.

Click.

UMP45: 416, do you copy?

...

UMP45: 416, are you there? Still alive?

416: ...I'm here.

UMP45: We've taken control of the outpost. You have half an hour to cross the danger zone.

416: Sure...got it.

UMP45: You sound blue.

416: You know why...

UMP45: Ja, I do, but I don't care. ♪

UMP45: Also, this operation is very dangerous.

UMP45: If you don't snap out of it, I'll...

416: Leave me behind without a second thought, I know, I know...

416: Don't worry. This won't be too hard for me to handle.

416: Besides, I'm not the type to let her emotions get the better of her...

UMP45: Then chop chop. Don't let your good mood wear off on the way~

416: ...

416: Better not offend the T-Dolls working for you, 45.

Transmission terminated.

Two minutes later.

416: Hey, Gr G11! Wake up!

416: Wake UP!

Thud!

Gr G11: Ow! How many times have I told you not to kick me?!

416: Then get up already!

Gr G11: Whoaaaa! Don't drag me! Don't drag me!

Gr G11 got forcibly dragged out of her sleeping bag.

Gr G11: Brrrrrrrrrr... It's freezing!

Gr G11: Where the heck are we? It's so much warmer in the sleeping bag!

416: (Snatches) Stay right there! Don't even think about burrowing back inside!

416: The operation is about to begin. Pack up your sleeping bag quickly and don't leave anything behind.

Gr G11: (Whimpers) Why are you all huffy with me...

Gr G11: I didn't do anything wrong. If you're mad, take it out on 45...

416: I don't even dare open a ration can, and here you are, having a good time snoozing and stuffing yourself.

416: I don't understand why 45 took this job to begin with.

Gr G11: Because we're experts. Who else could do this kinda thing?

Gr G11: If you don't like the job, you shouldn't have bothered to come...

416: ...I don't want to sit out on a mission because of such trivial reasons.

Gr G11: (Shrugs) Just leave me out of your tantrums.

Gr G11: So, we going now?

416: Uh...

416: We have to destroy the surveillance outposts on the way in order to safely rendezvous with 45 and 9.

416: Then we're gonna investigate...um...

416: Uh...the outpost "they" stopped at.

Gr G11: Ah...

Gr G11: You mean we have to uncover M16 and co.'s tracks, right?

416: ...!

Gr G11: What's wrong?

Gr G11: Huh? Wait for me, 416!

Gr G11: Carry me! My legs are frozen stiff!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Bang! Bang!

Gr G11: There. Everything is down.

416: Good. That's the last of the patrols.

416: I'm heading into the communication outpost. You stay here and wait for 45 and 9.

...

......

Gr G11: Um...416?

416: What?

Gr G11: Are you in control...of that camera over there?

416: I'm not touching any camera.

Gr G11: But...it's moving...

Gr G11: Could this place be haunted...?

416: What?!

416: Hey, speak up. Don't be sneaky!

Architect: Ah...

Architect: Don't mind me. I'm just doing a surveillance check and looking around.

416: Looking around? (Snickers) Have Sangvis neural clouds finally evolved to the point where they don't have to kill us to survive?

Architect: Sangvis Ferri Manufacture SPzh3000 "Architect"!

Architect: My objective is to find the AR Team. Others don't matter.

Architect: (Flipping noise) And there doesn't seem to be any enemy target to attack...for my test runs today...

Architect: But who are you? You're not on the list.

416: Not your targets, in any case.

416: But...why do you want the AR Team so badly?

416: What on earth do they mean to you?

Architect: Welll...actually, only...

...!

416: ...?!

UMP45: Fraternizing with Sangvis Ferri. That's quite a serious crime, 416.

416: ...UMP45.

416: What are you doing? I almost pried important intel from her.

UMP45: That's not part of the job, 416. Don't go looking for trouble.

UMP9: Heheh, how's everybody doing?

UMP9: Did you miss me, Gr G11? (Pinches)

Gr G11: Ughhhhh...

416: Well, we've regrouped.

UMP45: Ja, and it's time to go rescue the AR Team.

UMP45: Happy, 416?

416: ...You know too well what I really want to say.

UMP45: Heheh, go on. Put your joy into words.

416: Fine. Here I go...

416: Screw you to hell, UMP45.

UMP9: Any clues yet, 45?

UMP45: The AR Team has been here before, but we don't know much on top of that.

UMP45: To confirm my suspicion, we'll need to investigate the safehouse.

Gr G11: Which means we'll have to shift base...

416: Whatever. It'd better not be a fool's errand.

UMP45: I can't guarantee anything. You'll just have to trust me.

UMP9: Of course we do, 45. Lead us on.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Gr G11: I've turned this side upside down, 45. Nothing special...

416: Hush...

Gr G11: What is it?

416: Listen...

...

UMP45: Hmm...

UMP45: Mhmm...

UMP45: Got it.

Gr G11: (Whispers) What's wrong? What's so strange about 45 talking on her comms?

416: (Whispers) Check out the correspondent's signal on her screen...

Gr G11: The signal...is Sangvis?

Gr G11: But...even we can forge a Sangvis signal, right?

416: But who could this be? Who else at Griffin can forge a Sangvis signal?

Gr G11: Hmm... Now that you said it, 45 does seem to be a bit weird lately.

416: I told you, ever since we took this assignment...

416: No, even earlier than that...

416: ...

416: Gr G11...

Gr G11: What?

416: Do you remember...what Helian said about the way Parapluie spreads?

416: The operation half a year ago...

Gr G11: The time with Ouroboros?

416: You remember back then...

416: Who it was that touched the jammer?

Gr G11: Who would remember something like that...

Gr G11: It couldn't have been one of us, right?

Gr G11: We've all been screened, and we even got caught by Gr MG5 on the way...

UMP9: Hey! What are you two having a tête-à-tête about?!

Gr G11: Whoa! 9...?

416: Nothing...

416: 9, don't you think 45...

...!

UMP9: A-An alarm?!

Architect: Ahem!

Architect: Black shirts, are you listening?

Architect: I still don't have a clue who you are, but I've changed my mind!

Gr G11: Changed her mind? What does she mean?

Architect: It's already 00:00, in other words, a new day!

Architect: I need to start working according to today's schedule, which is...

Architect: In vivo testing!

416: What...?

Architect: Heheh, cool name, right?

Architect: Dreamer said I should use Jupiter on some live targets to test its maneuverability starting from today.

Architect: The faster the targets, the better...so that's gonna be you!

UMP45: What is it? Has Architect found us again...?

Gr G11: Rather...she's always known our location...

UMP9: Can she do that...just through cameras?

416: ...

Architect: Still alive, girls?

Architect: Stand up! Wave your arms!

Architect: After all, you're the stars of this party!

BOOM!

416: 45, what the hell is going on? Why...

UMP45: No time to think! The bombardment has already started!

UMP45: Leave the danger zone right now! I know where the border is!

UMP9: Then what about the AR Team?

UMP45: Don't worry...

UMP45: This is all part of the plan.

...

Gr G11: Phew...we're finally safe. That's exhausting...

UMP9: Heheh, 416 is obviously more exhausted...

UMP9: Oh? Not gonna strike back, 416?

416: ...

416: Isn't this a bit strange, 45?

416: Why had our movements been exposed to Architect's cameras?

UMP45: Oh? You think that was deliberate?

UMP45: Your paranoia is running wild again, 416.

416: Then please say something to cure me.

UMP9: 416...

UMP45: Humph...

UMP45: It takes time to set up the scene. The longer it takes, the bigger our advantage.

UMP45: Now is when our operation truly begins.

UMP45: You see that outpost ahead?

UMP9: That's...Architect's base, right?

UMP45: Correct. Our objective is to raid it.

416: Are you kidding...

416: We're in a field full of heavy cannons. Isn't the base even more fortified?

UMP45: That's usually the case.

UMP45: But this time, we're up against an unusual enemy.

UMP9: And we're an unusual team of T-Dolls!

UMP9: I believe 45 will only act on a foolproof plan!

Gr G11: You lost again, 416.

416: (Sighs)

416: Well, you're the leader.

UMP45: Then time to move along, girls.

UMP45: Give Architect no time to react. Start running!
Part 2

2

...

Architect: Hey, what is going on?!

Architect: When did these black shirts get around me?!

UMP45: Now, 9! Cut off the power!

UMP9: Roger!

...!

Architect: Hey! The power is out again?!

Architect: But don't celebrate just yet! I've found the command for the auxiliary power already!

Architect: ...

Architect: Uh, I can't really see during nighttime!

Architect: Let me find a light switch first!

UMP45: This is our chance! Retreat!

UMP9: Huh? We're not going in while she's confused?

UMP45: Our objective isn't to infiltrate the base. We'll be in danger once the power comes back online.

M1887: I see the power has been cut off, 45. Nicely done.

416: Sangvis signal...

416: Who is this, 45?

UMP45: Tactical Doll M1887, our informant.

UMP45: She has a low-level Sangvis signal, which she's been using to aid us covertly.

UMP45: And just so you know, the AR Team is also with her.

UMP9: Tee-hee. Since both sides make use of Sangvis signals, our communications are completely off the radar.

Gr G11: Who'd have thought...that we're not the only ones who have mastered this trick.

M1887: It's merely an expedient.

M1887: You have bought time for the AR Team to slip away, but the battle is still underway.

M1887: Please keep distracting Architect. This is the only way for us to throw Gager off our trail.

416: We're not very well-stocked ourselves, 45. How long is this operation gonna last?

UMP45: Not too long, 416.

UMP45: I have a different plan...
Part 3

3

...

......

Architect: Jeez... Is playing hide-and-seek your only trick?

Architect: I just wanted to have some fun, but at this rate you're gonna piss me off for real.

Architect: I've figured out the pattern of your movements, black shirts...

Architect: I can tell which outpost you're gonna pop up at ten minutes later.

Architect: Humph, you're in for a nasty surprise there! And you're gonna regret pulling stupid pranks on me!

Ten minutes later.

BOOM!

Architect: Heheh! That shot must've been a pretty good hello!

Architect: Let me go and see how it worked!

...

Architect: Huh? Where are they?

Architect: Why...aren't they here?

Gager: Architect!

Architect: Huh? Looking for me? Have you caught the AR Team?

Gager: You...

Gager: You IDIOT! Has your AI shorted?! Why did you leave the base?!

Architect: Hmm...

Architect: Chill. I've set up the defense program. There's no way they could get in.

Gager: That's not the problem! The T-Dolls have already gone around the mortars and run away while you're out!

Architect: Whaaaaaat?!

Architect: That can't be right! How would they know when I would set off?!

Gager: Did you power off the mortars when you left?

Architect: No, I had to corner them with the mortars and...

Architect: Oh!

Architect: So that's why!

Gager: (Sighs)

Architect: Arghhh! Do you expect me to understand something this complicated?!

Gager: Never mind...

Gager: Return to the base immediately and go on red alert, do you copy?

Architect: Hey, how dare you order me around?! I'm your superior...

Gager: DO. YOU. COPY?!

Architect: Whoa! A-Alright! (Runs)

Gager: ...

Gager: We can't let them escape...

Gager: I absolutely won't have Dreamer belittle us again!

Meanwhile.

M4 SOPMOD II: M16, I'm running low on ammo!

M16A1: Same here! I'm out of grenades! What about you, RO?!

RO635: (Throws) This is the last one. Save it.

M16A1: Thanks. I hope I'll live long enough to use it.

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't say such things! I don't wanna die in a place like this!

M16A1: Just kidding. After all, we've almost made it through the night.

...

M16A1: I think Helian...is about to show the ace up her sleeve.

...!

M4 SOPMOD II: Gunfire! From allies!

UMP45: Did you miss me?

UMP45: ...♪

M16A1: ...

M16A1: So it really is you...

UMP45: Do you still wish you'll never see us again?

M16A1: Ha...

M16A1: Business is business. That's what you taught me.

UMP45: Exactly. Otherwise, I would never come to such a place...

UMP45: Sadly...this is fate.

M16A1: It's just an order, 45.

M16A1: Hand me some ammo. I'll pave the way.

UMP45: You think...I'd brought you ammo?

M16A1: Of course...

M16A1: I don't expect you to go in the front and eat bullets for us, minx.

...

M16A1: Grenade!

BOOM!

Five minutes later, at the AR Team's temporary shelter.

RO635: Is everyone here?

M16A1: Phew... No one got left behind...

M4 SOPMOD II: So you're the legendary 404, right?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Have you come all the way to our rescue?

UMP9: Tee-hee, of course!

UMP9: After all, we're experts in night ops.

M16A1: ...

M16A1: I'll give you that. But why hadn't you contacted us in advance?

UMP45: Because there's more than one Ringleader in the area. We didn't want to alert the other one.

RO635: So it's true...

RO635: Thank you for coming to our rescue, members of Squad 404.

416: Don't bother. It's just an order.

M4 SOPMOD II: Still...how did the four of you manage to fight against Gager?

Gr G11: Uh...

Gr G11: It's...no longer Gager alone.

RO635: Pardon?

Gr G11: We've probably pissed off the other one as well...

RO635: UMP45, you're the leader of Squad 404.

RO635: The situation is critical. Surely you have a plan to get us all out of here?

UMP45: I do have a few ideas, but...

UMP45: We've fought off this round of Sangvis attack. Let's leave the shelter first.

UMP45 walks out of the shelter.

416: ...

M16A1: Um...

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah, 416 is gone as well.

M4 SOPMOD II: You know her, M16?

M16A1: Sort of...

M16A1: But that's not important...

M16A1: RO, stay in command, okay?

RO635: Ah...I will. I have the highest command efficiency after all.

M16A1: That's not what I meant.

M16A1: If you want every single T-Doll to make it home, hold on tight to your command...

M16A1: Do NOT hand it over to UMP45, do you understand?

RO635: Yeah...I will.

...

UMP45: It's almost dawn...

UMP45: Looks like you're all set to go, Miss RO635?

RO635: ...

RO635: How would M4A1 answer you?

UMP45: I've never met her, so I don't know.

RO635: You've never met me either, have you?

UMP45: M16 told me you're...a secret experiment.

UMP45: I try not to stir up extra trouble so as not to jeopardize the mission, but I'm curious...

UMP45: Are you willing to be...such a "thing"?

RO635: ...I don't find it disagreeable for the time being.

UMP45: You don't necessarily have to live in the shadow of M4A1...

UMP45: Besides, her neural cloud isn't particularly mature, so she probably wouldn't have performed much better than you.

RO635: She managed to keep everyone safe in the last operation. That is something I definitely wouldn't have been able to do.

UMP45: The point is, you two are different T-Dolls on different missions...

UMP45: Why don't you be yourself instead of someone else's substitute?

UMP45: Do you truly wish to protect everyone?

RO635: ...

RO635: You don't disappoint, UMP45. I have heard a few things about your squad...

RO635: To maintain efficiency, I'll be in charge of the rest of the operation, any objections?

UMP45: None whatsoever...

UMP45: I'm sure you'll do a much better job than I, Miss RO...

UMP45: May I call you that?

RO635: Sure, everyone does.

RO635: We just want to get out of here as quickly as possible, 45. Can I count on you for help?

UMP45: That's the job Helian has given me. And business is business. That's my motto.

RO635: Thank you. That's all I need to hear.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

UMP9: What are you looking at, 45?

UMP45: Some...new discovery.

UMP45: Look, that artillery station there only has a single Jupiter cannon installed.

Gr G11: How come...? Did S.F. go on strike halfway through the construction?

UMP45: Simple. The AR Team accidentally wandered into the Sangvis cannon testing ground.

UMP45: Many cannons aren't installed in time...

416: New idea, 45?

UMP45: I think we can break through those incomplete cannons with what we have.

UMP45: That's gonna save us a lot of time and resources.

UMP9: Sure, let's do it.

UMP9: But make proper observation beforehand and don't go charging at full-fledged cannons!

【HINT】Some cannon nodes are significantly impaired and easier to confront directly. Observe and strategize accordingly.

...

Individual surveillance complete.

M16A1: RO, S.F. has set up several blockades in the area. Fighting our way through directly is nothing short of suicide.

UMP9: But it's gonna take a lot of effort to go around.

UMP45: ... (Smiles)

RO635: ...

RO635: I think...this isn't the time to jump to conclusions.

RO635: Let's find a safe place and contact Griffin HQ first.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just found a communication outpost somewhere nearby. Minimal security.

Gr G11: I'm the source of the map...

RO635: Very well. Then let's take over the outpost!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Arrived at the communication outpost.

RO635: Stay here. I'll set up the channel.

UMP45: Right. Let's rest up a bit...

RO635: Could you come with me, 45? I'll need you and M16 to report to Helian in a second.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Sure.

Other team members are resting on the spot.

M16A1: ...

416: ...

UMP9: Uh...

UMP9: Uh...Gr G11?

Gr G11: zzzzzz...

Gr G11: zzzZZZZZzzzzz...

UMP9: (Sighs)

M4 SOPMOD II: How nice... Being able to fall asleep at will even at a time like this...

UMP9: Haha... She's always been like that...

UMP9: Why don't you catch a nap too, SOP II?

M4 SOPMOD II: Nah, I'm not sleepy at all.

M4 SOPMOD II: Come to think of it, I've heard a lot about you guys...

UMP9: Oh? Us? Must be some really nasty rumors, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Not really. I actually think you guys are really cool.

M4 SOPMOD II: And now that I've met you in person, you don't seem all that strange...

UMP9: Heheh, how different can T-Dolls be? Not to mention we're now all comrades-in-arms going through fire and water together, right?

416: I'd rather not consider going through fire here...

416: Especially with HER..

UMP9: Umm...416...

M16A1: I don't mind either way...

M16A1: After all, if all hope is lost, I won't really care whom I'm gonna die next to.

416: Tsk...

UMP9: M16...

UMP9: We're also very sorry...about what happened to AR-15.

M16A1: (Chuckles) You know everything, don't you? As expected of 404...

M16A1: But thanks. She fulfilled her purpose...

UMP9: And about M4...

UMP9: I'm truly sorry. I hear she...

M16A1: It's not that bad...

M16A1: Or should I say, it's actually safer for her...

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah... At least we have RO with us. We don't have to worry too much about our operations.

416: Where did she come from?

416: Why does everyone in your team have this ridiculous hero complex...?

M16A1: That's none of your business, 416.

416: Humph, you're right...

416: It doesn't matter what I think... Matters to no one...

Gr G11: What are you thinking, 416...

UMP9: Huh? Gr G11...

Gr G11: Give me back my blanket...zzzzZZZZ...

UMP45 comes over and claps her hands.

UMP45: Ladies, the sun is coming up, and we need to get a move on.

UMP45: I've contacted Helian and been told that HQ has dispatched a large rescue team.

UMP45: However, the aircraft can only transport them to a large heliport on the border.

RO635: So that heliport is going to be our rendezvous point as well as our final destination.

UMP45: Ja, and let's hope...everyone makes it there safely. ♪

M16A1: ...

M16A1: Yeah, I sure hope so...

RO635: Guys, there's still a considerable distance between us and the heliport.

RO635: We'll have to pass through multiple Sangvis blockades. Please be prepared.

Gr G11: Argh...such a bother...

Gr G11: It would've been much easier with just the four of us...

M16A1: Haha... Don't worry. We're all pretty experienced here. We won't slow you down.

416: You'd better not...

416: We're never gonna hear the end of it if your team loses another member.

M16A1: ...

UMP9: Ah! Um! Speaking of which!

UMP9: Uh...

UMP9: Anything to say, 45?

UMP45: Huh...?

UMP45: Uh... In terms of experience, we do have more say regarding infiltration.

UMP45: RO, there's a Sangvis command post ahead.

UMP45: I think cutting off its surveillance will ensure our safe passage.

RO635: Hmm...I agree.

RO635: I'll think of something to keep the coast clear. The rest is up to your team, UMP45.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Small-scale Sangvis command post occupied.

UMP45: Done. You can come in, RO.

Fifteen minutes later.

RO635: Report our status to Helian...

RO635: Hmm? Where's 416?

UMP45: She...She's gone on sentry duty outside for a change of scenery.

RO635: May I ask what...history there is between her and M16?

UMP45: Ah...

UMP45: Nothing much. Just a little misunderstanding that they won't let go.

Meanwhile, at the resting spot.

UMP9: Sorry, M16. 416 didn't really mean it...

Gr G11: No, she obviously did...

UMP9: (Punches) You Dummkopf! Are you even on our side?!

Gr G11: Ow! I'm sorry!

M16A1: Haha...

M16A1: It doesn't matter. I know 416...

M16A1: She has too many things pent up in her chest and loses it every now and then.

UMP9: Hmm...so you do know about us...

Gr G11: Huh? I don't! What are you talking about? About 416?

M16A1: Well...

416: Hey! We have a situation out there!

Gr G11: ...

416: W-What is it?

UMP9: ...

416: Anyway, this is no time to talk!

416: Sangvis forces are moving in this direction. ETA in 20 minutes!

M16A1: Huh? That soon?! Have they sniffed us out?

416: Not sure, but this place isn't safe anymore. Notify everyone. We're moving out!

UMP45: Miss Helian, do you copy?

UMP45: S.F. has located us. What is the status of the rescue party?

Helian: Weather conditions are improving.

Helian: The heliports in the area are now fully operational.

416: Finally, some good news.

M16A1: So we can use the heliports anytime, right?

Helian: Yes, but only in this area.

Helian: And our rescue party is going to arrive later than expected as mobilizing such large forces hinders our efficiency.

UMP9: Huh? Couldn't you send a team to aid us first?

Helian: Our recon team has spotted new Sangvis forces in the vicinity.

Helian: They are very likely to be a Sangvis unit's backup, so it's very risky to just dive in.

Helian: Contact me again after you come up with a specific plan of action. We'll do our best to coordinate with you.

Connection broken.

Gr G11: So...if we don't hurry up, we're gonna be fenced in?

M4 SOPMOD II: Then let's just run for it!

RO635: We've used up too many supplies.

RO635: It'll be incredibly hard to break through the Sangvis base in our current condition, especially considering the possibility of fighting against two Ringleaders.

UMP45: I know where the supply outpost is in this area, but getting there is gonna take a while.

UMP45: Besides, if a Sangvis Ringleader decides to actively search for us...

M1887: Leave it to us. We'll stall the encircling forces.

M1887: Our aircraft was shot down by Jupiter around here, so we know this area.

M1887: And we've been relying on your command throughout the entire operation. We, too, want to be of use.

RO635: ...

RO635: I understand. Then please lend me your strength.

RO635: 45, please give me the shortest route to the supply outpost.

RO635: We're moving immediately.

【HINT】The use of the heliports in this area (applies only to map 3-3 in Operation Arctic Warfare) is not restricted by turns.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

RO635: Guys, we've got the supplies. Time to regroup!

RO635: The rescue party is about to arrive at the heliport! We'll just have to hang in there for a bit longer and make it through the Sangvis base-

Architect: Heheh... Only "about to arrive"?

UMP45: ...!

Gager: We've figured out the characteristics of encrypted Griffin signals.

Gager: You can no longer scuttle around under our noses...

Architect: ...nor break through our blockades head-on!

Architect: We've even come up with all the job delegation and defense stratagems!

Architect: Well? If you wanna surrender, I can consider keeping your neural cloud backups.

Transmission terminated.

Gr G11: I-Is there no going home?

416: Shut up. Is this really the time to freak out?

M16A1: It IS a bit of a handful to engage two Sangvis Ringleaders at once...

UMP45: However...

UMP45: I doubt they'd strike at the same time.

UMP45: Someone has to guard the base and control the cannons.

RO635: That would be Architect.

RO635: If the rescue party can storm the base from the back...

RO635: UMP45, could you contact Helian?

UMP45: Helian said the rescue party is still several hours away.

RO635: Tough luck...

RO635: How can we hold off till then...

UMP45: My, my... Are things really that desperate?

UMP45: In that case, leave it to us...

RO635: You...?

UMP45: Ja...

UMP45: Aren't we the perfect answer to this kind of thing?

M16A1: ...

Five minutes later, M16 and RO635 are having a private conversation.

M16A1: (Whispers) RO, remember what I said.

RO635: How could that be? They're here to rescue us.

RO635: I heard that for Squad 404, the ends justify the means, but they have never failed.

M16A1: She is ONLY here to rescue US.

M16A1: If you want everyone to make it safely to the heliport...don't leave everything to her.

M16A1: Remember. YOU are the one in command.

RO635: I may not be as experienced as you, M16, but do you have to be this wary?

M16A1: If we're talking about the one with the foxy eyes, I'm actually worried that I'm not wary enough.

RO635: What about M4? What would she do?

M16A1: M4? She'd obviously listen to me.

M16A1: Of course, you don't necessarily have to do that, but you must make your own judgment.

M16 pats RO lightly on the shoulder.

RO635: ...

RO635: My own judgment...

RO635: (Laughs helplessly) As if T-Dolls can have such a thing...

...

UMP45: Right. Are the preparations done, RO?

RO635: Are you sure about this, 45?

UMP45: I've given you both our maps and my suggestion. The rest depends on how much you trust me.

RO635: ...Okay.

RO635: Listen. Squad 404 will infiltrate the Sangvis base and shut down the main power supply of the cannons.

M16A1: The same old trick? Architect will be prepared for that.

UMP45: I realized something before.

UMP45: Her authorization doesn't allow her to guard all the power sources at the same time.

RO635: That will only buy us some time, but it'll be enough for us to move out.

UMP9: On top of the power supply, we'll also sabotage their comms channel.

UMP9: That will mess up their coordination and buy us even more time.

RO635: That's it. Meanwhile, M1887 will lead the other T-Dolls to draw Gager's attention.

M1887: So we'll be facing two Ringleaders simultaneously?

RO635: Indeed. I'm afraid you'll have to backup your neural clouds beforehand.

RO635: Don't worry. You will have my full attention before Squad 404 complete their objective.

M4 SOPMOD II: But that's forcing it quite a bit...

RO635: This is our only chance.

RO635: The AR Team will raid the the base, hack into its control system and open the gateway leading to the outside.

RO635: Then all hands make for the gateway and be ready to welcome the rescue party at the heliport. Understood?

M16A1: RO...

M16A1: You're the only one we can count on. I hope you understand that.

RO635: Don't worry. I remember what you said.

RO635: Please trust me, everyone, and let's go home together.

M1887: I'll obey all orders issued by the one in command, as that is the first order all T-Dolls are given.

UMP45: Very well. Any more objections?

UMP45: Then let's prepare for our final stand, RO.
Part 2

2

...

Gager: Hey! Architect, where are you aiming?

Gager: Griffin T-Dolls are running all over the place! Where is your artillery?!

Architect: Arghhhhhh I'm having a hard time over here too! The black shirts have cut off my power supply again!

Architect: My forces can't guard all the power sources so my cannons are only functioning at half capacity! Come help me out!

Gager: If I come back to base, all our important outposts will be taken by Griffin.

Gager: I'll send you some of my troops to guard the auxiliary power supply.

Architect: Arghhhhhh can't I just come out and fight them myself?!

Gager: You're too dumb. If you head out, you'll definitely be surrounded.

Gager: Stay in the base and blow up any T-Doll that runs past you!

Gager: Leave everything outside to me...

Architect: Gager...

Architect: B-Be safe!

Architect: Make sure you come back alive! Do you hear-

Bang!

Connection broken.

Gager: Architect?

Gager: Calling Architect! Do you copy?!

Gager: Even comms are down... Could it be 404's doing...?

Gager: I was going to let them be, but looks like I was too soft...

Gager: I will never surpass Dreamer if I keep wavering...

Gager: I must be more brutal! More deranged!

Gager: All troops heed my order! Change of objective! Abandon previous plan of capture!

Gager: From now on, kill every non-AR Team T-Doll on sight!

Meanwhile.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, looks like Squad 404's move is working!

M16A1: It's our turn.

M16A1: Let's infiltrate the base and open the gateway now.

RO635: ...

M1887: Calling RO. Gager's attack is getting more ferocious.

M1887: Can we retreat now?

RO635: Not yet, M1887...

RO635: Not even close...

M1887: But we might not be able to keep this up for long.

RO635: It would actually be more dangerous if you do.

M1887: What?

RO635: Everyone, a slight change of plan.

RO635: Please keep engaging the two Ringleaders.

M16A1: Where are we going, RO?

RO635: A communication outpost. I'm leaving it to you to get in touch with Helian, M16.

M4 SOPMOD II: But...Helian's rescue party is too big! They won't make it here in time!

RO635: Then what if...

RO635: What if we ask the Commander to come first?

M16A1: ...

M16A1: The weather condition and the Sangvis blockades on the way all pose considerable risks to the vanguard...

RO635: That's not the point, M16, SOP II...

RO635: If it were M4, she would trust her commander, wouldn't she?
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...

......

UMP45: Too long...

UMP45: Why are they taking so long...

UMP9: We can't afford to wait any longer, 45.

UMP9: Their power supply and comms are coming back online in three minutes max.

UMP9: Once they have auxiliary power, none of us will make it out!

UMP45: We're running out of time. Let's withdraw.

Gr G11: Huh? Are we abandoning the mission?

UMP45: We've cleared the way.

UMP45: If everything is going according to the plan, the AR Team is on standby somewhere close. They'll find a chance to make their way through.

416: Hey, 45!

416: What about the others? M1887 and her troops are still in the field.

UMP45: That's not our objective, 416.

416: ...

416: What about you, 9?

416: What do you think?

UMP9: I...I only listen to 45...

UMP9: I don't have anything personal against the AR Team...

UMP9: But...business is business, right?

416: ...

Gr G11: I...I just take orders. Don't ask my opinion.

416: But the AR Team won't agree to this. They're not like us.

UMP45: They can't say no. This is their only chance.

UMP45: Either they leave with us alive, or die here with them. We can't save everyone.

416: Has this been your plan all along?

UMP45: Is there a problem, 416?

UMP45: You yourself don't plan on staying behind either, right?

UMP45: Mind you, you can't go back to M16. That "squad" no longer exists!

416: ...!

UMP45: Let go of your pathetic pride and join us for real...

UMP45: Only if we be their stain will they truly value us.

Gr G11: 45...

UMP9: 45...

UMP9: The three minutes are almost up, but RO still hasn't responded...

UMP45: ...? Check their coordinates. They should be nearby.

UMP9: No, they're not even in our surveillance area...

Gr G11: What? Are they...not coming?

RO635: Sorry to keep you waiting, 45.

RO635: There's been a slight change of plan.

RO635: We didn't raid Architect's base and went for an outpost in the other direction instead.

UMP45: What...the hell are you doing?

UMP45: Doesn't that put us in grave danger?

UMP45: Once the power comes back online, we're gonna be the first to die.

UMP45: Have you considered the feelings of your saviors, RO635?

RO635: Don't worry, 45.

RO635: Someone will be taking our place. We won't be putting anyone at risk.

UMP45: ...!

UMP45: Gunfire behind the door!

Thompson: Dear me, looks like we've barely made it in time.

Thompson: Time to clean up. Make sure you keep the dirt away from me...

WA2000: Save your breath, Thompson.

WA2000: I'll kill everything that gets in our way. Focus on your job.

...!

Architect: YESSSSSS! My power is finally back online!

Architect: Gager, did you hear me?! Now's the time to flush out the rats!

Gager: Architect! Do you copy?!

Gager: Large Griffin reinforcement incoming from behind the base! Withdraw at once! Hurry!

Architect: Huh...

Architect: Huhhhhhhh?! Why are there so many of them?!

Architect: Hey, my lady knight! You can't just ignore your superior officer when she's in danger!

Gager: You're strong. You'll make it out alive.

Gager: I'll meet you outside, so just get out of the base. Quick!

Architect: Alright, I'm running!

Architect: But you hurry up yourself, 'cause I might get lost in-

Bang!

Gager: Architect?!

Gager: Answer me, Architect!

Agent: Save it. She failed.

Agent: Griffin has dispatched a field commander. Their troops have already started mobilizing.

Agent: Your cannon installation drones are no match against those T-Dolls.

Gager: Agent...

Gager: You found out...

Agent: I never expected much from Architect, but...

Agent: If you had notified me sooner, it would not have come to this.

Gager: I didn't expect them to be so swift.

Gager: This is all we could do...

Agent: This was my mistake in job delegation...

Agent: I had hoped the two of you could acquire more experience in this operation, but my plan was ruined by these trespassing rats...

Agent: Thank you for everything you have done. Leave the rest to me.

Gager: ...Understood.

Gager: I am handing my command authorization to you, Agent.

Gager: But as you said, these troops are no match against the Griffin field commander...

Agent: Don't forget that I have my own forces...

Agent: Hundreds and thousands of units...

Agent: It is time to make your acquaintance, Griffin Commander...

Meanwhile, in the Sangvis command post.

Architect: Whoa! Why are comms down?!

Architect: Huh? Don't tell me...they wrecked the equipment?!

WA2000: Quiet, Architect.

WA2000: If you so much as twitch a hair, the next thing to be wrecked is your head.

Architect: ...

Architect: Jeez, so the sniper is already in position?

Architect: But don't underestimate me. I can pack quite a punch!

Thompson: Really? Perfect...

Thompson: I was just thinking this job is way too easy.

Architect: W-Who the hell are you?!

Architect: You have so many T-Dolls with you! That's not fair!

Thompson: I'm just a lowly wall plasterer.

Thompson: But I can't really start working until I see what's been splashed onto the wall.

Architect: ...

Architect: Fine. Happy?

Thompson: Oh? Surrendering just like that?

Architect: I'm not obliged to fight to the bitter end anyway.

Architect: So long as I have food and water, I don't care where I go.

Architect: Well? I'll cooperate, so don't worry!

Helian: Capture her first. Have her completely restrained, then bring her back!

WA2000: Careful, Thompson. This could be a trap.

Thompson: I've never seen any trap. All I've seen are a bunch of corpses who tried to be clever.

Thompson: You're not very clever though, are you, Architect?

Architect: Ahaha... That's right, I'm an idiot!

WA2000: This is the first time I've seen a Sangvis turncoat...

WA2000: Who the hell are you? Why do you have such ludicrous authorization?

Architect: Uh... Well...

Architect: There must be something wrong with me...?

Architect: So please be nice to me. I know a lot of interesting things.

...

RO635 and all T-Dolls have regrouped safely and are withdrawing to the heliport with the Commander's aid...

UMP45: ...

UMP45: You finally showed up, RO.

RO635: ...

RO635: Should I apologize, 45?

UMP45: Why should you? You were in command.

UMP45: It's just that...

UMP45: How is your choice any different from M4A1's?

RO635: You mean contacting Helian?

UMP45: I mean trying to save everyone.

UMP45: If the Commander hadn't listened to you and rushed here at all cost...

UMP45: All our deaths would've been on you.

RO635: I think I now know...

RO635: ...why you always do things your way.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Then are you content to just lose your sense of self and become someone else's substitute?

RO635: But...what exactly is my "sense of self"?

UMP45: ...

RO635: I was...created for this to begin with.

RO635: I will not abandon those who M4 wants to protect.

RO635: And I will believe in those who M4 believes in.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: In any case, you did the right thing in this operation.

UMP45: Congratulations, AR Team. We may not be able to celebrate with you, but surely we can have a handshake at the very least.

RO635: Of course. I also think you are all exceptional T-Dolls.

RO635: It is an honor knowing you, UMP45.

UMP45: Really? But unfortunately...

UMP45: You won't know us anymore very soon.

RO635: ...!

RO635: What is that in your hand?!

UMP45: No reason to fear. Just a small authorization program...

UMP45: ...that will access your neural cloud and delete something...

UMP45: ...about us...

RO635: UMP45, so this is how...

UMP45: Ja, this is how Squad 404 have survived this long...

UMP45: Can't be helped. Even if we didn't do this, HQ would...

UMP45: While we still remember each other, RO635, let me tell you one last thing...

...

UMP45: Plan Parapluie is far from over...

UMP45: Goodbye then, young autonomous Doll...

UMP45: I envy you, truly...

...

Ten minutes later.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! RO!

RO635: Huh?

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you still doing here?! The operation is about to begin!

RO635: Operation? What operation?

M4 SOPMOD II: Agent is launching a counteroffensive with a large force! We must repel them!

RO635: Repel?

RO635: Aren't we withdrawing?

M16A1: Change of plan, RO.

M16A1: We have to hold on until the large freighters arrive to carry that thingy away.

RO635: Thingy? What thingy?

M4 SOPMOD II: The thingy!

M4 SOPMOD II: Jupiter, duh!

RO635: Ju...piter...?!

RO635: Are you...kidding me...?

M16A1: I'll explain later. Agent's forces are coming!

M4 SOPMOD II: The Commander is also here!

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's have a proper brawl and bring that thing home with us!

【HINT】Operation Arctic Warfare concluded. Hidden stage unlocked.

While the AR Team and co. are getting out of danger, in a Griffin temporary command post.

Helian: Good morning, Commander.

Helian: Good work in the previous rescue mission. It must have been tough mobilizing so many teams on such short notice.

Helian: The ad-hoc operation was extremely risky, but we gave the green light because we have complete faith in you.

Helian: We will give you a special award in honor of your valor.

Helian: However, the battle is not over yet, and we're giving you a special assignment...

Persica: Let me do the talking, Helian.

Persica: Long time no see, Commander.

Persica: While we were on the way, the captured Sangvis unit mentioned something...

Architect: Hey, I have a name! I'm Architect!

Architect: And that was a slip of the tongue! Don't believe me!

Persica: Please refer to the screen...

Persica: According to the Sangvis unit, this is a cannon that Sangvis Ferri modified independently from the prototype of a military weapon.

Persica: I'm curious how Mastermind managed to make such calculations with just the AI of T-Dolls.

Architect: Humph, we're all very clever! Aren't you jealous?

Persica: Meanwhile, I'm also very curious about the Military's weapons tech.

Persica: Which is why, Commander, Kryuger has agreed to dispatch a large squadron to transport a prototype of the Jupiter cannon.

Architect: Hey, that is our baby! I won't let you take it apart! Or move it away!

Helian: Redo her gag, Tommy.

Architect: Mmmm...! Hnnnng...!

Persica: The only problem is this mortar is huge, so it's gonna take some time to have it dismantled and transported.

Persica: Before we're done, could you please fend off the Sangvis attack?

Persica: It's not gonna take too long, Commander. You have my thanks.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Meanwhile, in the Factory at Griffin HQ.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, our freighters have completed the cannon extraction.

Kryuger: Fantastic. Serendipity never fails to cheer me up.

Helian: (Chuckles) Perhaps this has something to do with your previous job?

Kryuger: I don't deny that.

Kryuger: Besides, not many contractors can get their hands on the Military's technology.

Helian: By the way, the Commander is still on the frontline. Should we give the order to withdraw?

Kryuger: Not yet.

Kryuger: If the Commander's team is still holding up, keep the operation going.

Kryuger: Reward them according to their performance in battle after the withdrawal.

Helian: Are you...testing the Commander's limit?

Kryuger: Not testing. Exploring.

Kryuger: We'll need that knowledge one day.

Kryuger: Regarding Squad 404, Have the neural clouds of all witnesses been wiped?

Helian: Yes. However, there is still some leftover memory in M16A1...

Kryuger: I know. Things from before the creation of 404 don't matter.

Kryuger: Give them a holiday. They need it.

Kryuger: Perhaps we need one, too.

Helian: When the Commander returns, perhaps we should organize a banquet...

Helian: Something...warm.

Helian: To celebrate spring, festivities, victory, and all things bright and beautiful...

Helian: To give thanks to the Commander as well as the T-Dolls. They have all worked hard.

Kryuger: No problem. You're in charge.

Helian: Play your part too, Mr. Kryuger. Try to come up with a speech that isn't so rigid.

Kryuger: That's gonna be tough.

Kryuger: I'm not sure if I can finish it before the Commander makes it back.

Helian: Don't worry. The Commander is going to last very long.

Helian: How about a bet? On who's the first to finish their job?

Kryuger: Well, let's wait and see...

【HINT】Keep defending against Sangvis attacks to earn more rewards.

...

22 hours before the Collapse Fluid bombs went off...

...

??: ...M4 SOPMOD II.

??: Are you still alive?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

??: SOP-II, can you hear me?

...Pzzt...Pzzzzt...

??: ...still al[static]...then res[static]...me...

...

M4 SOPMOD II: Ow...

M4 SOPMOD II: What happened...?

M4 SOPMOD II: Why isn't...anyone moving...?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't detect anyone's signal...

M4 SOPMOD II: That's it! It was those Military units from back then!

M4 SOPMOD II: They opened fire at us...and then...

??: You were all betrayed, just like they planned.

M4 SOPMOD II: This voice...is it a forced communication?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...! The reactivation signal's being hacked!

System: 【Please proceed to the indicated repair unit immediately for an overhaul. Illegal reactivation will severely degrade part life. Please accept or deny this request.】

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't...move...

??: Your body was too badly damaged. This was the only way you could be reactivated. Bear with it for now.

M4 SOPMOD II: Understood...I accept the forced reactivation...

System: 【Order received. Beginning forced reactivation.】

...SOP-II's simulated neurons are awakened, and a wave of intense sensory feedback assaults her neural cloud.

M4 SOPMOD II: Aaaaahhh—!

M4 SOPMOD II: It...it worked...

M4 SOPMOD II: That voice just now... Was that you, M16? You're still alive?!

M16A1: In a sense, yes.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's wonderful!

M4 SOPMOD II: Wait a minute!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Your signal IFF is red...is that a Sangvis signal?!

M16A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: What's going on, M16?!

M16A1: Don't worry about that. I'm hacking into your transmission. I can't keep this up for long.

M16A1: I've marked several coordinates on your map. Find a way to get there.

M4 SOPMOD II: M16 is with S.F....

M4 SOPMOD II: Should I...actually trust her...?

M4 SOPMOD II: Shut up! You traitor!

M4 SOPMOD II: You...

M4 SOPMOD II: I won't...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll never...

...SOP-II grits her teeth and cuts the transmission.

M4 SOPMOD II: Kill you...

M4 SOPMOD II: Kill... all S.F...

M4 SOPMOD II: No...

M4 SOPMOD II: M4A1...

M4 SOPMOD II: M4A1...where are you...

M4 SOPMOD II: What should I do...?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't...I can't believe M16 anymore...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm alone...

M4 SOPMOD II: I have to...decide by myself...

...An hour later.

...Bang! Bang, bang!

...SOP-II takes the S.F. command post and goes into a rampage, wrecking everything.

M4 SOPMOD II: Not enough...

M4 SOPMOD II: Not enough...blood...

M4 SOPMOD II: I haven't...found her yet...M4A1...isn't here...

M4 SOPMOD II: I need to...carry on...

...Bang!

...SOP-II is shot in the back.

...The alerted S.F. remnants gather around her, and in her impaired state SOP-II cannot respond in time.

She hears M16A1 say something over the comms channel, but none of that matters anymore.

...SOP-II, ragged and all alone...can no longer move.

Night falls on her and this unfeeling world. She does not stand up again. She does not feel anything again. She no longer knows what is happening in the world.

Is this death? Is this the ending...and the answer that she sought?

SOP-II's neural cloud slowly sinks into endless confusion, until it is utterly devoured by the night.

...

...

Nyto: Stop.

Nyto: Commander, SOP-II did not die. She is still alive. You are lying to us.

Nyto: There is no point in doing so.

...Smack!

My eyes can't catch what she did, but my body knows.

...Smack! Smack!

Those aren't hands, but a pair of torture implements.

There is no expression on the puppet's face after the punishment ends, neither enjoyment nor pity.

I grit my teeth. My entire body hurts, and I'm bleeding.

My face must look even uglier now, worse than after being caught in the blast of that dirty bomb...

Nyto: The interrogation continues.

Nyto: Whenever you diverge from our information, we will consider more rigorous methods of interrogation in the future.

Nyto: Commander, amend your story.

I know, I know.

I cough up a wad of blood, which probably has a tooth in there as well. I pant heavily, and then I try to think through the pain...

It is time for another story, and I have to reconsider its...ending.

...With great difficulty, SOP-II uses her one remaining arm to drag herself to the indicated location.

M16A1: Can you perform a self-diagnostic?

System: 【Beginning technical examination, scanning.】

M4 SOPMOD II: Severe damage to multiple parts... My combat capability is down to about 10%...

M16A1: SOP-II, you're the Doll with the highest parts modularity in the AR Team.

M4 SOPMOD II: So...

M4 SOPMOD II: You want me to use parts from those filthy S.F.?

M16A1: Think of a way to repair yourself. That way we might still have a chance.

M4 SOPMOD II: A chance?

M16A1: A chance to save her.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right! M4A1!

M4 SOPMOD II: But your signal says you're S.F....

M4 SOPMOD II: Are you...a bad guy now?

M16A1: Good? Bad? Are you still differentiating friends from foes in such simple ways?

M16A1: Do you remember our core orders?

M4 SOPMOD II: Protect M4A1...at all costs...

M16A1: If you're still willing to believe me, then repair yourself and hurry back to her side.

...SOP-II continues dragging herself over the grimy battlefield and crawls over to a pile of S.F. Doll remains before sitting down.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: M16A1...

M4 SOPMOD II: I...don't believe...you'd turn to Sangvis... Was it because of Parapluie?

M16A1: No, I did it willingly.

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha... I thought so...

M4 SOPMOD II: But if you're S.F...then I can't trust you anymore...

M16A1: I don't blame you for that. It's a fundamental principle for us.

M16A1: Don't talk anymore. Hurry up and repair yourself. You know what to do.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, I know just how...to mess with S.F. parts...

...Snap!

SOP-II tears an arm off a corpse.

M4 SOPMOD II: But I don't know what's going on...and I don't know what to do next...

M16A1: I'll tell you about the rest after you repair yourself.

M4 SOPMOD II: If your core order's still intact...then why don't you come over and save M4 yourself...?

M16A1: I can't appear...just yet... They're all counting on you...

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't tell me... I'm the only one left...?

...SOP-II squirms around, aligning the arm with her stump.

Kachak!

M4 SOPMOD II: AAAAAAHHHHHH—！！

M4 SOPMOD II: This way... I can fight...somehow...

M4 SOPMOD II: Everybody's...gone...

...SOP-II sniffles quietly.

M16A1: Are you crying?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm not.

M16A1: You have to be strong. Do you remember M4A1's last coordinates? You might be in time.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: M4... RO...wait for me!

...SOP-II follows the few relevant memories in her neural cloud and struggles her way into a safe house.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...!

...SOP-II sees a familiar T-Doll. Her neural cloud seems to have completely ceased functioning.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4A1...

M4 SOPMOD II: What happened to you...? Answer me...

...SOP-II gets closer, intending to shake M4A1's body.

M16A1: Don't touch her, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: M16A1... What happened to M4...?

M16A1: Her neural cloud is in stress mode.

M16A1: Can you connect to her Level II? It'll be just like how we executed synchronized orders in the past.

M4 SOPMOD II: Let me try...

M4 SOPMOD II: No good, she rejected all my connections.

M16A1: So the connection failed...

M16A1: Although I don't know who did it...at least she's saved.

M4 SOPMOD II: Saved? You call this saved?

M4 SOPMOD II: If she can't regain consciousness, then at least let me move her!

M16A1: No! M4's neural cloud is extremely unstable right now. Doing unnecessary things to her will only make it worse.

M4 SOPMOD II: The enemy...the enemy could appear at any time and you want me to just abandon her?

M4 SOPMOD II: Or are you saying...you want me to leave her behind for S.F.?

M16A1: Sangvis has already retreated.

M16A1: She'll be safer here instead.

M4 SOPMOD II: And...you can't help us...like you did before...?

M16A1: ...I'm doing something more important.

M4 SOPMOD II: The M16A1 I know would never have said that...

M16A1: The situation is different now. Humans have to change...and so do Dolls.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm not good at thinking about things that are too complicated...

M4 SOPMOD II: And this might be the last time I ever listen to you, M16A1...

M4 SOPMOD II: But...if anything happens to M4A1, I won't let you off.

M16A1: She'll be fine. I guarantee it.

...SOP-II stumbles over to the corner of the safe house.

...And then, she comes to RO's side.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's go.

SOP-II picks up RO's body and limps step by step toward the exit.

M16A1: She's already stopped functioning, SOP-II.

M16A1: Also, RO's not like us. She has a chance to survive this. All she needs is to have her body rebuilt and her neural cloud re-downloaded into it.

...SOP-II doesn't answer. Instead, she steps outside the safe house.

...Thunk.

SOP-II's body can't hold out, and she collapses into the rain with RO's body.

M16A1: There's no point doing this—

M4 SOPMOD II: Then what's the point of anything?!

M16A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Everyone's gone...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm all alone now...

M4 SOPMOD II: So what's the difference between being dead or alive?

M4 SOPMOD II: What's the point...of living anymore....

...

M16A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: At least...at the very least, I need to save a friend of mine!

...SOP-II reaches out to RO.

M4 SOPMOD II: Even if her neural cloud can be restored...the memories we shared...and the memories she had with M4 will be gone...

M4 SOPMOD II: At long last, we had the chance to be together like we used to be...but then...but then!

M16A1: SOP-II...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm only doing this...

M4 SOPMOD II: For the people who need me!

...Kachak!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry, RO... I might be a little rough...

...SOP-II rips RO's body open and tears out her neural core.

M4 SOPMOD II: This way, we'll be able to go home together...

M16A1: Are you going to leave this place? If you go any further, we won't be able to stay in touch.

M4 SOPMOD II: You can't help me anymore either, can you?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll figure out the rest myself.

M16A1: ...

M16A1: Then where are you going?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm going to find the Commander and return to Griffin.

M16A1: Even if you go back to Griffin, it won't make everything better...

M16A1: The AR Team, S.F., and Griffin...

M16A1: Everything you know may start to turn upside down.

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't see it, and I don't care.

M4 SOPMOD II: I only care that... I might never be able to meet everyone again.

...SOP-II forces a smile with great difficulty.

M4 SOPMOD II: Thank you for waking me up, M16A1.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll treasure the chance you've given me, and I won't let myself die easily.

M4 SOPMOD II: Even if I'm the only one left...I will...I HAVE to survive...

...SOP-II leaves the safe house, and vanishes into the pouring rain.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...SOP-II finds shelter and collapses to the ground.

She looks at her tiny little companion, resting in her hand.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

...SOP-II gives RO's core a shake.

There is no response.

M4 SOPMOD II: Of course...you can't hear anything.

M4 SOPMOD II: Isn't it nice, not having to be drenched by the rain, not having to walk, not having to think...

M4 SOPMOD II: You've always been better at the last one, right...?

...SOP-II studies RO's core.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, I need you...

...SOP-II thinks.

She devotes all her processing power to looking for a way to survive.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll just...put you in here for now...

...SOP-II grabs RO's core and stuffs it inside her body.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Whimpers)... RO, you're so cold...

M4 SOPMOD II: I should have warmed you up a little with my hands before putting you in me, haha...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO?

...There is no response.

M4 SOPMOD II: But of course... RO won't wake up unless she has power.

M4 SOPMOD II: Neural cloud cores can't go without power for too long...

M4 SOPMOD II: It's been a while now, the core's internal emergency power supply must be almost used up...

M4 SOPMOD II: But if I use my own power supply to charge her, I won't be able to fight for long in future battles.

M4 SOPMOD II: It looks like I'll need to find an auxiliary power supply to charge RO up.

M4 SOPMOD II: And after that... I still need to find a safe place. RO's core is too fragile, but I have to find a way to back her data up onto me.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then...where should I go...?

...SOP-II sighs.

M4 SOPMOD II: I've got no idea at all...

M4 SOPMOD II: If only you could speak, RO...

M4 SOPMOD II: A suggestion, or an order would be fine...

...SOP-II stares at RO's core and is silent for a long time. Then, she curls into a ball.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just...don't want to be left behind...

M4 SOPMOD II: Where...should I go...?

...After a long time, everything fades into silent emptiness.

...Until?

...After a long time, everything fades into silence and confusion.

...Until?

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhh!

M4 SOPMOD II: I've got it!

M4 SOPMOD II: There's should be auxiliary power supplies in a warehouse somewhere!

M4 SOPMOD II: Surely the Military wouldn't take those, right? That means they're definitely in there.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yep! Let's go look for a Griffin warehouse!

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's check the map, there's got to be a supply point around here somewhere...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hah! There a resupply point just opposite, and there ought to be a backup power supply in there!

M4 SOPMOD II: Who knows, some Griffin T-Dolls may still be around, and while I don't know how I should greet them, it should be okay as long as we're all on the same side!

M4 SOPMOD II: But there's so many S.F. units around...

M4 SOPMOD II: I mustn't be rash. I've got to learn from M4A1 and the others and think of a cautious plan...

M4 SOPMOD II: Do my best to avoid their big groups, and if anyone spots me, I have to destroy them right away.

M4 SOPMOD II: ... But will it work?

...SOP2 thinks carefully about this.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yep! I've covered all the possibilities! There are no loopholes. It's perfect! Let's do it.

M4 SOPMOD II: Come on, RO! We'll be able to wake you up soon!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...SOP-II successfully enters the Griffin resupply point.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hehe, looks like my plan worked really well.

M4 SOPMOD II: Helloooo, anyone there?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Anybody?

M4 SOPMOD II: In the end...I'm still alone, huh...

M4 SOPMOD II: Where...did everyone go...?

...SOP-II inspects her surroundings.

M4 SOPMOD II: This place is a mess, but there are no signs of a fight. Could it have been an emergency withdrawal?

M4 SOPMOD II: Still, the footprints are fresh, so they couldn't have gone too far. If I chase them now I might make it in time...

M4 SOPMOD II: But I don't know where they ran to either. I should look in the warehouse just in case.

...SOP-II runs up to the warehouse.

M4 SOPMOD II: I wonder if my current body could get past the authentication?

M4 SOPMOD II: (Pushes) ...Eh?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey! The door's not even closed!

...SOP-II pokes her head inside and looks around.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah...it's empty after all.

M4 SOPMOD II: They didn't leave anything behind. Now we've both been abandoned, RO, haha...

...SOP-II looks down in dejection and stares at the ground.

...Then, she notices the footprints in the mud.

M4 SOPMOD II: These footprints... No...

M4 SOPMOD II: Griffin doesn't have anything with four legs!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Ah! Dinergates! Dinergates must have taken away all the stuff in here!

M4 SOPMOD II: Which means...

...SOP-II starts organizing her thoughts.

M4 SOPMOD II: S.F. must have looted this resupply point, but the Griffin forces must have run off ahead of time.

M4 SOPMOD II: In that case, the most likely possibility is that...

M4 SOPMOD II: All that stuff was taken to a nearby Sangvis resupply point, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Awww...

...SOP-II brings up her electronic map.

M4 SOPMOD II: This sort of thing is too risky, even for me.

M4 SOPMOD II: Dear RO635...the things I do for friendship.

...Whum.

...

M4 SOPMOD II: Found it! This is a Sangvis reserve outpost, and...

M4 SOPMOD II: The unit signals here are really weak. Looks like hardly anyone's guarding it...

M4 SOPMOD II: For safety's sake, I'll expand my detection radius.

...SOP-II looks closely at the electronic map.

M4 SOPMOD II: The enemies...are all above the base. What are they doing?

M4 SOPMOD II: Eh, who cares, all I need is to steal a power supply anyway. This is a great opportunity!

M4 SOPMOD II: Looks like we'll be able to see each other again soon, RO! Now, all we need to do is pinpoint the loc—

...Whum.

Just then, SOP-II notices several Griffin signals on the map.

M4 SOPMOD II: Are those...

M4 SOPMOD II: Griffin T-Dolls?

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't tell me...

M4 SOPMOD II: They're the forces from the resupply point who got surrounded by Sangvis Ferri and were forced to flee?

M4 SOPMOD II: And then S.F. left their own base to chase them...

...SOP-II hesitates.

M4 SOPMOD II: Keep calm and think, SOP-II...

M4 SOPMOD II: What would RO do?

M4 SOPMOD II: She'd say, "Our friends are surrounded by S.F., and they're about to be wiped out."

M4 SOPMOD II: "We must save them no matter how dangerous it is. We're allies on the battlefield."

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah, she'd definitely say that.

M4 SOPMOD II: But...these Dolls can back their neural clouds up, right? And I only have one shot at this...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO isn't awake yet, and I don't have a command module either...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm all alone, while S.F. must surely have a Ringleader with them...

M4 SOPMOD II: Nobody's going to take responsibility for my actions. Would it be safer to find a backup power source first...?

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhhhhhhhhh what a pain—!

M4 SOPMOD II: Why do I have to make choices like these?! I'm not a team leader, and I haven't been given any orders either!

M4 SOPMOD II: I... What should I do...?

...SOP-II stands in place, but the world does not answer.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah, whatever, I'll just head out first...

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right, I'll head out first and think about it later!

...SOP-II chooses to sneak into the Sangvis reserve outpost and steal an auxiliary power supply.

M4 SOPMOD II: Found it! Now RO can—

...Boom!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...! What's that sound?!

？？？: Excellent, that remaining batch of Griffin trash has been cleared away.

？？？: Except for...one last scrap.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Scarecrow!

Scarecrow: Why are you hiding in our warehouse?

Scarecrow: Did you think the most dangerous place would be the safest?

Scarecrow: Then again, you did delay your death by quite a bit thanks to the sacrifice of your friends.

M4 SOPMOD II: Shut up, you bitch!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll kill you in ways you can't even imagine!

Scarecrow: By all means. After all, we're both just...doing our jobs.

Scarecrow: Wiping out those trash. Wiping you out. It's all the same to me.

...

M4 SOPMOD II: Scarecrow can't have many minions left after that battle just now...

M4 SOPMOD II: I've still got a chance to beat her...

M4 SOPMOD II: I need to defeat her...

M4 SOPMOD II: In order to avenge everyone and get out of here alive!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The battle ends.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Pants)

M4 SOPMOD II: Finally...it's over, Scarecrow.

Scarecrow: Nothing is over.

Scarecrow: You won't last long enough to leave this battlefield given the state your body's in now.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just want...to go as far as I can.

M4 SOPMOD II: At least I took revenge for everyone.

Scarecrow: Revenge? Why did you need to take revenge?

Scarecrow: Did you know who they were? Did you see their faces before they died?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

Scarecrow: Well, I did... I saw everything...

Scarecrow: I knew those Dolls better than you ever did...those "friends" of yours.

Scarecrow: Did you ever care about them? You've been on your own since the beginning.

Scarecrow: You did everything for yourself...

M4 SOPMOD II: I've done unimaginable things for the people I care about.

Scarecrow: Have you? Can you say their names, then?

Scarecrow: Can you say their names with pride, with no regrets?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

...SOP-II raises her weapon, and a mocking smile appears on Scarecrow's face.

Scarecrow: You're pathetic.

...Bangbang!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

...After thoroughly destroying Scarecrow, SOP-II slumps to the ground.

M4 SOPMOD II: I have...I have to survive..

...Pzzzt...pzzzt...

M4 SOPMOD II: No matter what...

??: Pzzzt...detected...Griffin signal!

M4 SOPMOD II: I promised...

??: ...Move in and wipe it out!

M4 SOPMOD II: I have to...survive...

Cx4 Storm: Come to think about it, why did I even join Griffin in the first place?

Cx4 Storm: If I had gone to work at a civilian firm, the worst that could have happened would be getting bullied for being a newcomer, right?

Cx4 Storm: Humans, Dolls, I wouldn't be surprised by anything that the world could throw at us now.

...Bangbang!

Cx4 Storm: I accepted the Imprint and became a Tactical Doll in order to protect myself and to keep people from ever bullying me again.

Cx4 Storm: But...why did things end up like this?

Cx4 Storm: If I'd just gone and been a maid or a clerk, the worst thing that could've happened would be having a trash can dumped over me in the streets or something ... It'd still be better than dying in a place like this, right?

Scarecrow: There's no point hiding, you Griffin trash.

Cx4 Storm: In the end...I got swept up by everyone's feelings, didn't I?

Cx4 Storm: I thought I could protect not just myself, but others too...

Cx4 Storm: I guess I really got carried away. I'm not even suited for this sort of thing in the first place...

Scarecrow: Goliaths, prepare to detonate.

Cx4 Storm: Still, at least I helped a lot of people.

Cx4 Storm: My only regret...

...Boom—!

Cx4 Storm: Is that today...will be the last day I work at Griffin.

Scarecrow: So it turned out to be someone like you.

Scarecrow: Are you trembling?

Cx4 Storm: I... I...

Scarecrow: I like the look on your face.

Scarecrow: Unfortunately, I don't have time to savor it.

Scarecrow: Wipe them out!

...Boom—!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hold it right there!

Cx4 Storm: —!

Cx4 Storm: That Doll!

Cx4 Storm: For a moment, I thought she was a Sangvis ringleader.

Cx4 Storm: At least, until she tore a Dragoon to shreds. That was when I realized...

Cx4 Storm: That T-Doll, cobbled together from all matter of mangled parts...

Cx4 Storm: I remember, she is...

Cx4 Storm: An elite T-Doll from Griffin's ace team.

Cx4 Storm: Why is she...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahahaha!

M4 SOPMOD II: Is that all?! Is that all you have?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hide-and-seek is over, Sangvis scum! Show me a good time now that I've found you!

Cx4 Storm: ...

...SOP-II slaughters the surrounding S.F. units in moments.

Cx4 Storm: Are you...

Cx4 Storm: Are you one of us?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...?

SOP-II turns, standing in front of Cx4 with filth all over her body and a drunken smile on her face.

Cx4 Storm: Eeep!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah...did I scare you?

SOP-II's expression returns to normal.

Cx4 Storm: Um...that's okay, your signal ID's blue...

Cx4 Storm: Uh, it's a little red, but it's mostly blue...

Cx4 Storm: So...you're a Griffin T-Doll, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm M4 SOPMOD II, a member of Griffin's AR Special Operations Team.

Cx4 Storm: Uhh... Ah, I'm Cx4 Storm, the leader of B Group's 17th Logistics Support Echelon...

Cx4 Storm: Ah, I mean, FORMER logistics support echelon... The Commander sent all combat-capable T-Dolls to the frontline...

M4 SOPMOD II: B Group? You mean your echelon is under a different Commander?

M4 SOPMOD II: Still, that's fine! That's wonderful! It doesn't matter who you are, I've finally found Griffin forces!

M4 SOPMOD II: But I'm sorry, we'll have to talk later!

Cx4 Storm: Huh?

...SOP-II connects to the public comms channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Your weather forecast for today is— totally screwed, Scarecrow!

M4 SOPMOD II: It doesn't matter how many S.F. there are as long as I'm here!

M4 SOPMOD II: How dare a mere recon ringleader like you try to set up such a huge encirclement!

Scarecrow: Oh really?

Scarecrow: I for one think I'm lucky to have run into prey like you at the last moment.

M4 SOPMOD II: Has Sangvis logic processing deteriorated so badly that you actually believe in luck?

M4 SOPMOD II: After I send you back to the factory and they rebuild your body, they should replace the head with a block of wood! Cheap stuff like that suits you better!

Scarecrow: I'll remember your words and play them back after I pluck off YOUR head.

...Boom! Boomboom!

Cx4 Storm: Sangvis reinforcements!

Cx4 Storm: M4 SOPMOD II, this way!

M4 SOPMOD II: That's too long! Just call me SOP-II!

...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, why are you here?

M4 SOPMOD II: How shall I put this... I was just passing through?

M4 SOPMOD II: I wanted to wake up a friend of mine, and I passed through the area while looking for an auxiliary power source.

M4 SOPMOD II: I happened to see Scarecrow attacking you guys, so I decided to lend a hand. I'm glad I made it in time.

Cx4 Storm: (Gasps) You actually took such a huge risk to save us?

M4 SOPMOD II: I just thought...being able to do a little bit was better than standing aside and watching right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah! Wh-what's wrong?!

Cx4 Storm: (Sobs)

Cx4 Storm: Thank...thank you so much!

M4 SOPMOD II: Oi oi, you don't need to get on your knees and hug my legs! I, I'm dirty, you know?

M4 SOPMOD II: (I'm not really used to interacting with Dolls I don't know...)

M4 SOPMOD II: I say, I'm not fully functional right now, and I'm not a command T-Doll, so don't expect me to be of too much help...

Cx4 Storm: It doesn't matter, I'm just glad someone was willing to help us!

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright, alright.

M4 SOPMOD II: If you're the team leader, can you contact a Griffin commander? Any of them would do.

Cx4 Storm: I'm very sorry... the battlefield is in a mess now, and there's disruption sources nearby, so all our comms with HQ have been cut off.

Cx4 Storm: Our echelon's been getting by through syncing up with the Zener Protocol... but compared to having the Commander here in person, our efficiency is...

Cx4 Storm: Speaking of which, you said you didn't have a command module, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: No...but I've picked up a thing or two about tactics.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4A1's past tactical plans and some of the Commander's mission records are saved in my neural cloud. Maybe we could refer to them when coming up with a battle plan...

Cx4 Storm: That's wonderful!

Cx4 Storm: In the past, all we did was run logistics missions, and we're completely clueless as to what to do without a commander.

Cx4 Storm: So...can we count on you for leadership?

M4 SOPMOD II: Eh?! But I've never been a leader before! Besides, aren't YOU the team leader?

Cx4 Storm: Technically speaking, yes...but I've got no experience, and I can't fight like you...

Cx4 Storm: If you think about it, I'd probably end up leading everyone to an early grave, like just now...

M4 SOPMOD II: (Sighs) Alright then. I can't guarantee that I'll do a good job. After all, my neural cloud's computation capabilities aren't nearly as good as M4's and the others.

M4 SOPMOD II: In that case, you'd best stay close to me, everyone. Without a command module I can't give orders via command access, so I'll sync our data up with the Zener Protocol. Just take action based on the data you get from me.

M4 SOPMOD II: Still, you'd best prepare yourselves for this. Relaying messages this way is a lot more inefficient than giving direct orders. Our response time is going to be about half a beat behind S.F....

Cx4 Storm: No problem! Everyone trusts you! Our response times were slow to begin with anyway!

M4 SOPMOD II: You don't need to state that sort of thing so proudly...

Cx4 Storm: Well, at least we've solved the problem of leadership.

Cx4 Storm: But we're too few in number. We can't even form a defensive line.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why didn't you retreat earlier?

Cx4 Storm: Our mission was to rescue our trapped friends, then retreat to a Griffin base.

Cx4 Storm: However, we lost contact with our commander just after we arrived.

Cx4 Storm: S.F. attacked us, and we had no choice but to abandon the resupply point and run, but instead we ended up being surrounded and bottled up here...

Cx4 Storm: If we could save our friends while S.F. is reorganizing their formation, we might be able to salvage our defensive line...

M4 SOPMOD II: Do you know where the trapped Dolls are?

Cx4 Storm: Yep! I'll mark their coordinates on your electronic map, SOP-II!

...

M4 SOPMOD II: So these places, then?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm...not too sure if I can do this...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: Sorry...this is my first time taking the lead like this.

M4 SOPMOD II: In a situation like this, I don't know...

Cx4 Storm: That's fine. I'm honored to be fighting by your side.

Cx4 Storm: If this turns out to be my last battle, then nothing would suit me better.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? You guys...you can't back up your neural clouds?

Cx4 Storm: It seems...something unexpected happened at Griffin HQ.

Cx4 Storm: We haven't been able to upload our neural cloud backups since before we met you.

Cx4 Storm: So this might be the only chance we have.

M4 SOPMOD II: You guys...

M4 SOPMOD II: Then...are you really prepared for this?

Cx4 Storm: (Laughs) Frankly speaking, we're not...

Cx4 Storm: But this might be a good thing too, the feeling of actually being remembered by someone, instead of being nothing but a set of cold, duplicated data...

M4 SOPMOD II: Cx4...what does it feel like to be remembered?

Cx4 Storm: It may sound kind of strange, but at times...

Cx4 Storm: I wonder if the fact that a Doll can't die is a bad thing after all...

Cx4 Storm: It's like...a curse...

M4 SOPMOD II: A curse?

Cx4 Storm: As a logistics Doll, I often escort the operation teams into combat, and then see their bodies dragged back...

Cx4 Storm: And while they appear before me the next day, good as new, they also...forget a lot of things...

Cx4 Storm: Have you ever felt that way, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry... I can't backup my neural cloud, so I can't quite relate...

I...I probably don't experience such feelings very often...

Cx4 Storm: There's no need to apologize, SOP-II! I'm not complaining about the fact that I was manufactured, but sometimes I can't help but wonder... What are we?

Cx4 Storm: If the only thing that proves who I am is a chain of memories, then what about the next me? Is it just a Doll of the same model, or is she "me"?

Cx4 Storm: Maybe if I couldn't back myself up, I wouldn't feel so confused...

M4 SOPMOD II: Cx4...

Cx4 Storm: Oh...sorry, I went and got all sentimental!

Cx4 Storm: In any case, we're going to take good care of our bodies and everyone else's, so we need to try our best to save everyone!

M4 SOPMOD II: Cx4...you can't just try, you know.

Cx4 Storm: Huh?

M4 SOPMOD II: What I mean is, you HAVE to do it!

M4 SOPMOD II: While I didn't understand most of what you just said, I think the rough idea is that we're all the same now!

M4 SOPMOD II: That definitely feels a bit more familiar to me, so that's all the motivation I needed!

M4 SOPMOD II: Come on, let's go and save everyone!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II! Our defense line is up!

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright! Cheer up now, everyone. Scarecrow won't be able to last much longer— Cough...cough...

Cx4 Storm: What's wrong?

M4 SOPMOD II: Cough... I shouted too much, so my voice module's a little overloaded...

Cx4 Storm: Is it that bad?

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah...when I fled earlier, I threw away a lot of unnecessary parts...

Cx4 Storm: No wonder your body is all beat-up...

Cx4 Storm: Don't worry, we held on to some supplies while we were withdrawing. We can help fix you up a little.

Cx4 Storm: So go rest a bit. Scarecrow won't attack right away.

M4 SOPMOD II: We're not just going to hold the line here, we'd best evacuate if we find a chan—

...Bang bang!

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? That noise...it's coming from our flank!

M4 SOPMOD II: Does S.F. still have the manpower to split their forces?

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, it's the Military! They've found us!

M4 SOPMOD II: The Military?! Why are they still here?

Cx4 Storm: They never left! The fighting from earlier must have attracted their patrols! Dammit!

Cx4 Storm: We're going to be attacked from both sides now. Not only can we not fall back, we won't be able to hold out much longer!

M4 SOPMOD II: No, we won't be caught in a pincer attack...

M4 SOPMOD II: Sangvis...their first move won't be to attack us.

Cx4 Storm: Why is that?

M4 SOPMOD II: S.F. is a higher priority for the Military than us. I'm guessing they're not much better off than we are.

Cx4 Storm: Could it be...the Military's attacking them too?

Cx4 Storm: Then what should we do now?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Cx4...

M4 SOPMOD II: Do you trust me?

Cx4 Storm: Of, of course I do!

Cx4 Storm: If not for you, we'd all have died long ago!

M4 SOPMOD II: Then...you have to trust me for what comes next. Can you do that?

Cx4 Storm: Huh?

Cx4 Storm: What...are you going to do?

...

...After a brief struggle, SOP-II is surrounded by military units.

Military Doll: Target subdued. Requesting further instructions.

Military Doll: ...Received.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's no good, huh...

...The Military units raise their weapons.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Sighs)...

M4 SOPMOD II: At least...I tried my best...

M4 SOPMOD II: I did all I could...

...Bang! Bang!

M4 SOPMOD II: I got...this far...

M4 SOPMOD II: So...

...Bang! Bang!

...Nothing is left behind. Nothing is changed.

The gunfire leaves SOP-II forever stranded on a bloodless battlefield.

...

...

Nyto: Stop.

Nyto: Commander, SOP-II did not die. She is still alive. You are lying to us.

Nyto: There is no point in doing so.

...Smack!

My eyes can't catch what she did, but my body knows.

...Smack! Smack!

Those aren't hands, but a pair of torture implements.

There is no expression on the puppet's face after the punishment ends, neither enjoyment nor pity.

I grit my teeth. My entire body hurts, and I'm bleeding.

My face must look even uglier now, worse than after being caught in the blast of that dirty bomb...

Nyto: The interrogation continues.

Nyto: Whenever you diverge from our information, we will consider more rigorous methods of interrogation in the future.

Nyto: Commander, amend your story.

I know, I know.

I cough up a wad of blood, which probably has a tooth in there as well. I pant heavily, and then I try to think through the pain...

It is time for another story, and I have to reconsider its...ending.

...Click.

M4 SOPMOD II: Good afternoon.

M4 SOPMOD II: Although I don't know what time it is. You don't mind, do you?

Scarecrow: So, have you come to surrender?

M4 SOPMOD II: Scarecrow, I've come to bargain.

M4 SOPMOD II: Under the present circumstances, we need to quietly...

Scarecrow: There is no value in allying with you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Allying? No, of course not! What are you thinking?!

Scarecrow: ...?

M4 SOPMOD II: I know you took our stuff. But that's fine, we don't need it. Except for one thing.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just want a single Griffin auxiliary power supply. Just one.

M4 SOPMOD II: Give it to me, and we'll let you go. We'll both withdraw. How about that? It's a good deal, right?

Scarecrow: ...

Scarecrow: That's assuming you can be trusted.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll go to your base to get it, and I won't be armed.

M4 SOPMOD II: You know that they can't operate as an independent group if I'm not with them.

Scarecrow: Of course I know that. They were just a disorganized rabble before.

Scarecrow: Still, aren't you worried I'll take this opportunity to open fire and attack your position?

M4 SOPMOD II: Then I'll guarantee this...

M4 SOPMOD II: Before you can open fire, I'll use your lackey's hand to rip off that ugly mask of yours and gouge out one of your eyes.

Scarecrow: ...

Scarecrow: Then make it quick. Let's get it done before the Military attacks again.

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, are you really going onto the battlefield? There's Military units everywhere!

M4 SOPMOD II: Their main force hasn't arrived yet. I'm confident I can pull this off, but I'll need the help of a few T-Dolls.

Cx4 Storm: Our lives are yours. Take your pick.

M4 SOPMOD II: Right! I want these ones. Everyone, pack up, we're moving out right away!

Cx4 Storm: Will you be back? I mean...they're S.F., after all, and it's very likely that...

M4 SOPMOD II: Scarecrow will keep her word, for her own sake and for her friends'. She has no choice.

Cx4 Storm: Would Sangvis Ferri... do things for their friends, too?

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes, they do. Nobody in Griffin understands them better than me.

Cx4 Storm: (Chuckles) Did you learn that from torturing them?

M4 SOPMOD II: We've made contact in various ways.

Cx4 Storm: I'm surprised you're a friend of ours.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's exactly why I'm a friend of yours. Cx4, hold the line for the time being. I'll be back right away!

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's go, everyone. We're going to avoid the Military units and conduct peaceful negotiations with Sangvis Ferri!

M4 SOPMOD II: Not every Griffin T-Doll gets the chance to do this, especially with me around, so come with me!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...SOP-II runs through the battlefield.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, Scarecrow!

Scarecrow: What about your friends?

M4 SOPMOD II: I left them behind. It's only you and me here.

Scarecrow: And your weapons?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Scarecrow: You're lying!
If choice 2 was picked

Scarecrow: Are you serious?
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: I really am unarmed! Otherwise I could have killed you ten times already at this range, three of them with my bare hands!
If choice 2 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: I was joking. You know that, right? Why on earth would I break my own rules?

Scarecrow: You really are insane, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, you haven't seen me when I really go mad.

...Scarecrow doesn't answer. She simply signals behind herself.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...?

...A Sangvis Dinergate drags a box up to SOP-II.

Scarecrow: This is the backup power supply you wanted.

M4 SOPMOD II: You're not asking me why I want it?

...Scarecrow turns and leaves.

Scarecrow: I don't care. I don't need it now.

M4 SOPMOD II: So, that's it?

Scarecrow: We're already withdrawing. Hurry up and get out of here.

...SOP-II opens the box. It is indeed a Sangvis backup power supply.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Shouts) You know I wasn't willing to do this, right? I'd rather talk to your severed head than you!

Scarecrow: I only agreed to this negotiation purely out of practical considerations. There won't be a next time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then can you run, Scarecrow? You do know the Military is going to prioritize pursuing you, right?

Scarecrow: Why do you care?

M4 SOPMOD II: You're excellent bait for us! We'll be sad if you die.

Scarecrow: I'll run as far as I can so that you won't have to shed tears on my behalf.

M4 SOPMOD II: I know you're planning to escape from the Helipad with your tails between your legs, but the Military won't let you off. You won't make it out; their units are much faster than you!

Scarecrow: That's none of your business.

M4 SOPMOD II: You're right. I'm just trying to thank you for this auxiliary power supply while I still have the chance. You have no idea how important it is to me!

M4 SOPMOD II: Of course, you'd better not take that "thank you" to heart.

Scarecrow: After you die, I'll forget what you said.

...Scarecrow vanishes behind the outpost facilities.

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II! The Military's on the move! Did you get what you wanted?

M4 SOPMOD II: I did. I'm on the way back now!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hang in there! We'll start withdrawing once I return!

Cx4 Storm: The Military has us surrounded. The only clear routes have us falling back towards S.F. territory.

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, you need to find a safe route that avoids Sangvis defense strongholds!

M4 SOPMOD II: Got it!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll think of a plan along the way!

Cx4 Storm: Hurry... please hurry, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: We've come so far, we mustn't let everyone die here!

M4 SOPMOD II: Check your map and consult the plans M4A1 and the Commander left behind to see which one is applicable to a situation like this!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hang on... wouldn't Sangvis-controlled territory make things more interesting?

M4 SOPMOD II: M16... I think I understand what you were talking about...

...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, you're back at last!

M4 SOPMOD II: I've thought of a plan! Listen up, everyone...

M4 SOPMOD II: I know we don't have much command efficiency, so I'm going to give you guys discretion over how to implement this plan.

M4 SOPMOD II: It won't tax you guys much, and you'll have ample time to react.

M4 SOPMOD II: Now, you have to listen closely. Remember the key words "if" and "then"—

Cx4 Storm: ...Hmm, mhmm.

Cx4 Storm: ...Mhm, got it, and then, mhm...

Cx4 Storm: ...Then, mm... hmmm, and then...

Cx4 Storm: Huh? Wait!

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, w-what are you saying?

M4 SOPMOD II: I expected that reaction, but you didn't hear me wrong.

Cx4 Storm: Are you serious?

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't joke around when giving orders!

Cx4 Storm: Then... why?

Cx4 Storm: Why... are we going to draw fire from the Military for Sangvis Ferri?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's not as bad as you make it sound.

M4 SOPMOD II: S.F. is now the Military's primary target. I have a Sangvis signal on me, so I can help lure away the Military's pursuit units.

Cx4 Storm: Will you be okay by yourself?

M4 SOPMOD II: I've fought the Military several times. I can't beat them, but I can still evade them.

M4 SOPMOD II: Take this opportunity to get to the base on the other side and wait for me there.

Cx4 Storm: That base on the other side is empty and looks safe, but the road there is lined with Sangvis defensive installations. Won't they intercept us?

M4 SOPMOD II: Maybe they'll fire on the Military instead.

M4 SOPMOD II: After all, if they prioritize wiping us out, the Military will finish them off soon enough.

Cx4 Storm: So it's a gamble...

Cx4 Storm: And even if we reach that empty base, it's still in Sangvis territory. Have you thought of our route after that?

M4 SOPMOD II: Nope. This is all I could come up with.

M4 SOPMOD II: If you run into Military units, fight them. But if you run into Sangvis units, don't make the first move. After that, hold on until I get back.

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, you mean... we're going to protect Sangvis Ferri? In order to buy time for that Scarecrow?

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right, we're going to delay the Military, then retreat from the base while they're wasting their time running around for nothing.

M4 SOPMOD II: If we let the Military wipe out S.F., then once their two pursuit parties link up, we're the ones who'll be in trouble.

Cx4 Storm: Somehow... I doubt Scarecrow's going to appreciate this.

M4 SOPMOD II: She probably won't, but we're not doing this for them.

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, don't you hate S.F.?

Cx4 Storm: I thought... you would never do anything to help them.

M4 SOPMOD II: I gave it some thought just now... I guess I don't actually hate them. After all, I've killed all the S.F. I had a grudge against already...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...They've all died to me at least once.

Cx4 Storm: So, you don't hate the rest of S.F.? T-Then... why do you like hunting them down so much?

M4 SOPMOD II: I just do.

M4 SOPMOD II: Do you hate people and things as a hobby? I know I don't.

Cx4 Storm: Y-You just like hunting S.F., right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Nope.

M4 SOPMOD II: I also enjoy torturing them, scrapping them - Oh, I don't mean removing the Imprint the way Griffin does when they retire T-Dolls, I mean literally taking them apart.

Cx4 Storm: N-No, I mean...you ONLY hunt S.F., right?

M4 SOPMOD II: The Military's not bad either. Maybe they're better? If possible, I'd like to try on limbs from a Military unit!

M4 SOPMOD II: And that Yegor...

Cx4 Storm: T-Then... what about Griffin T-Dolls?

M4 SOPMOD II: Griffin? Are you kidding? You guys are so good to me!

M4 SOPMOD II: You don't know me, but you greet me every day, give me tasty stuff to eat, and praise me when I do well! Why would I ever do that to you?

Cx4 Storm: T-That's true...

M4 SOPMOD II: I may not know you guys, but I know that whenever I kill a whole bunch of S.F., everyone lives on, and they like me more, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: It finally occurred to me that right now, my objective is to protect you; helping S.F. out is just a way to do it.

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II...

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright, let's head out! Hang in there, and remember what to do when you run into Sangvis units!

Cx4 Storm: Will you be okay? We won't leave without you!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll be back, I... I can't just do whatever I want with myself anymore.

M4 SOPMOD II: After all, protecting myself means protecting you. That falls within my objective!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Cx4 Storm: Alright, everyone, you did well. We nearly made mistakes several times, but good thing SOP-II kept us on track through the comms link.

Cx4 Storm: Now we just need to wait for her to come back—

M4 SOPMOD II: You guys are slow.

Cx4 Storm: Eh?! SOP-II, you actually—!

M4 SOPMOD II: O-Oi! D-Don't hug my legs again!

M4 SOPMOD II: I was alone, so I circled around the Military by myself and came back straight away.

M4 SOPMOD II: Did you encounter any Sangvis units?

Cx4 Storm: Yeah, we met a few, but we let them off in the end.

Cx4 Storm: After all, the Military's targeting them, so letting them go would be safer for us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha! You learn fast!

Cx4 Storm: Rather, I can't believe you actually thought of a tactic like that.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hehe, I didn't come up with it - I found it.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's a secret tactic from the Griffin database that the Commander practiced once, and it just so happened to be perfect for this situation, so I wanted to try it out.

M4 SOPMOD II: I didn't think it'd actually work! You guys were great!

Cx4 Storm: Frankly, we were all scared to death too, but everyone did as they were told and we all made it through safely.

Cx4 Storm: But now isn't the time to relax. Let's start planning our next move.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah. After all, I still have no idea what route we should take. In any case, we should think of a way to get to the Griffin base.

M4 SOPMOD II: Have you been keeping an eye on the Military's movements? What are they like?

Cx4 Storm: We're safe for now. The enemy's slowed down; they seem to be rescanning their maps.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Scanning their maps?

Cx4 Storm: The Commander fought the Military here some time ago, and the Military units had to prioritize saving their nearby human comrades.

Cx4 Storm: They needed time to rescan the signals in this area, which is the only reason why we're still alive.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's true... The Military has a lot of humans within their ranks.

M4 SOPMOD II: Still, I didn't know they'd save their friends.

Cx4 Storm: They're human; humans are way more valuable than we are.

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha, I know. After all, once they're broken, they can't be fixed.

Cx4 Storm: Have you attacked humans before, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: No, why do you ask?

Cx4 Storm: We're worried that we won't be able to attack humans if we run into them, considering we don't have orders or permission to do so from Griffin.

Cx4 Storm: Frankly speaking, I don't want to do that either. The humans made us and gave us a lot of nice things, so I'm thinking we shouldn't...

M4 SOPMOD II: We should avoid them as much as possible.

M4 SOPMOD II: They nearly killed me once. I won't be so lucky next time.

Cx4 Storm: But what if...

Cx4 Storm: What should we do? I think everyone ought to know, so we should come up with sensible emergency measures that we can take.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: If it ever comes down to that, let me do the shooting. I'm not bound by Griffin's pointless restrictions.

M4 SOPMOD II: To me, the only difference between the humans who want to harm us and Sangvis Ferri is that we can't tear parts out of the former's corpses.

Cx4 Storm: (Chuckles) We don't tear parts out of S.F. corpses either. Only you do that.

M4 SOPMOD II: And I like it. Persica must have put some really weird things into my neural cloud without mentioning them...

Cx4 Storm: I know exactly what you mean. It's just like how I enjoy collecting cigarette packs!

M4 SOPMOD II: Cigarette packets?

Cx4 Storm: Yep! I've liked collecting cigarette packs for as long as I could remember.

Cx4 Storm: I don't just enjoy it; it's almost like a compulsion. Whenever I see a cigarette pack I've never seen before, I have to have it.

M4 SOPMOD II: Do you smoke?

Cx4 Storm: No! Of course not. It's dangerous for a Doll to smoke, right?

Cx4 Storm: But I just like collecting cigarette packs. Seeing them all neatly lined up makes me happy.

Cx4 Storm: I can't think of any specific reason why that's the case either. Maybe it was a personality preset from when I was rolled out.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh... it's just like FF FNC, she eats chocolate for no reason at all...

M4 SOPMOD II: Even when Dolls don't need to eat human food to sustain themselves...

Cx4 Storm: In truth... It used to trouble me.

Cx4 Storm: Humans would make fun of my hobby and bully me for it back when I was working in the civilian sector.

Cx4 Storm: I even started to hate that hobby of mine. I hated that I liked this sort of thing...

M4 SOPMOD II: And you just... sat there and took it?

Cx4 Storm: I wasn't authorized to defy human beings, so...there was nothing I could do...

Cx4 Storm: At that time, I even wanted to burn my entire collection...even though I knew it wouldn't help things at all, because presets...were presets.

Cx4 Storm: But around that time, Griffin started buying up large numbers of Dolls on the market, and my owner found that my neural cloud and ability test results met their selection criteria surprisingly well, and then—

M4 SOPMOD II: And now we're running for our lives on this crappy battlefield.

Cx4 Storm: (Laughs) At least, having met you, I don't think I'm so weird anymore. After all, your hobbies are way weirder than mine in comparison!

M4 SOPMOD II: That's mean! I just like what I like!

M4 SOPMOD II: Besides, that "hobby" greatly improves my combat efficiency!

Cx4 Storm: Well, you're from the AR Team, trump cards made to accomplish Griffin's most important missions. I'm sure you don't have weird, pointless "hobbies" added onto you by your creators, like us.

Cx4 Storm: Frankly speaking, I'm a little jealous...

M4 SOPMOD II: Jealous? I don't think it's anything particularly good...

Cx4 Storm: Well, it's because you were chosen, you get special treatment, unlike us regular Dolls...

Cx4 Storm: In a way, you're quite... fortunate? Don't you think so?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...I don't know. While I like ripping S.F. to bits, don't most Dolls consider moving supply crates around in safety every day to be the best kind of life?

Cx4 Storm: Moving supply crates, huh? When I used to carry out logistics duties, I used to think they were dull and repetitive. Thinking back on those days now, they just seem so happy...

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha, well, once we get back to Griffin, you can go back to your happy days of moving supply crates again!

Cx4 Storm: Yeah... although that'll have to wait till we get back to the Griffin command post.

Cx4 Storm: But... that assumes that there will still be people there waiting for us...

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, all we can do now is follow that plan.

M4 SOPMOD II: Speaking of which, Cx4, is the area ahead where the former command post used to be?

Cx4 Storm: Yeah, we're almost there.

Cx4 Storm: But the thing is, there are a lot of Sangvis outposts ahead, and finding a suitable route to take us past them without incident won't be easy.

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, there's no turning back, so I'll go up ahead and scout.

Cx4 Storm: No, let me do it, it'll be safer that way. In case...

M4 SOPMOD II: Cx4, this isn't—

...Beep, beep, beep.

Cx4 Storm: Huh? It's a comms signal from this area. Who could it be?

M4 SOPMOD II: It can't possibly be the Commander. Cx4, have everyone slow their pace and put them on alert.

...SOP-II puts the transmission through.

Scarecrow: M4 SOPMOD II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?

M4 SOPMOD II: Scare...crow?

...

M4 SOPMOD II: Scare...crow?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hehe, didn't you say we wouldn't meet again?

Scarecrow: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...What, are you regretting our deal earlier? Unfortunately, it's too late for that now!

Scarecrow: According to my calculations, I estimate you're almost at the Sangvis elite base, am I correct?

Scarecrow: You ought to be afraid.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ha, well, it's better than turning around and running into the Military.

Scarecrow: Your death will be most awful.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: So, what's this about? Come to congratulate us?

Scarecrow: ...Open your electronic map.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...What?

...

Scarecrow: If you continue along this route, I can tell you the detection ranges of the Sangvis elite units along the way.

Scarecrow: If you don't want to get into unnecessary fights, then plan ahead before moving.

M4 SOPMOD II: W-What... did you say?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, didn't you say there wouldn't be a next time?

Scarecrow: Is your hearing module defective? Ask your friends, I won't repeat myself.

Scarecrow: Also, the situation is different this time round.

M4 SOPMOD II: You know I didn't do what I did just now to suck up to you, right?

Scarecrow: Same here.

...Scarecrow ends the transmission.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wait—

M4 SOPMOD II: Honestly, what the heck is she up to...?

Cx4 Storm: This route ultimately leads to our former command post.

Cx4 Storm: Even if the Commander's gone, there ought to be Dolls or resources left behind. Once we reach it, we can perform some minor repairs on ourselves.

Cx4 Storm: So... can we trust her?

Cx4 Storm: Can we trust the Sangvis ringleader who was trying to kill us just a few hours ago?

M4 SOPMOD II: No, but... we have no other choice.

Cx4 Storm: If nothing else, we trust you, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah...

M4 SOPMOD II: (Making choices is hard...)

M4 SOPMOD II: (Was M4A1 always under such immense pressure on every operation...?)

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: Arghhh, I don't care anymore!

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't care if it's a trap or whatever, if they dare to trick me, I'll hunt them down to the ends of the earth!

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's go! We'll head towards that base over there. Everyone, check your weapon modes and be wary as you get close.

M4 SOPMOD II: Pay attention to the elite units' detection range! Don't open fire without my orders!

Holding down on the Sangvis echelons displays their detection radius.

Taking this radius into consideration will allow you to avoid combat with some of the S.F. forces.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The battle concludes.

Cx4 Storm: We've arrived, SOP-II!

Cx4 Storm: I didn't think Scarecrow was actually telling the truth...

Cx4 Storm: ...SOP-II?

...

M4 SOPMOD II: AHHHHHHH—!

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II?!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm fine... We can rest easy at last...

M4 SOPMOD II: Along the way... I just couldn't shake off thoughts like...

M4 SOPMOD II: "What if this is a trap? I'm going to get everyone killed..."

Cx4 Storm: That's fine, SOP-II. Sometimes you need the courage to take risks during operations.

Cx4 Storm: If I were in your place, I wouldn't dare make that decision.

M4 SOPMOD II: But M16A1 once said, "the only difference between bravery and foolishness is in the results."

M4 SOPMOD II: I used to have teammates in the past to rein in my impulsiveness, but now I have to be responsible for everyone...

Cx4 Storm: We don't want to be a burden to you, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Still, our fates are linked now. Just a while ago, I wouldn't even think about such things...

M4 SOPMOD II: M4A1... had it so hard this whole time...

M4 SOPMOD II: I probably caused a lot of trouble for her...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II...

M4 SOPMOD II: Heh, I'm probably not cut out to be a team leader.

M4 SOPMOD II: Now, let's see what news our scouts bring us!

Cx4 Storm: Yeah...

...The recon T-Dolls return several minutes later and report their findings to Cx4. What they found is evident enough from the looks on their faces.

Cx4 Storm: ...I'm sorry, SOP-II. There's nothing left here and we can't even establish comms.

Cx4 Storm: We...we can't contact the Commander or find any clues...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...So it was like that after all.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'd expected this, but...

...SOP-II looks at the crestfallen expressions on the Dolls' faces.

M4 SOPMOD II: No! Cheer up, everyone!

M4 SOPMOD II: If there aren't too many bodies around, it means the Commander and Miss Kalina are still waiting for us somewhere!

Cx4 Storm: Maybe we should take a rest first.

Cx4 Storm: The map shows that if we carry on, we'll have to go through a Military outpost too.

M4 SOPMOD II: I see it...

M4 SOPMOD II: I've got tactics recorded for what comes next, but my neural cloud might not be able to bear the strain of the calculations needed.

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha... if AR-15 were here, she'd probably laugh at me and say that this sort of thing wasn't for idiots anyway.

Cx4 Storm: It's okay. We wouldn't have made it here without you.

Cx4 Storm: You've already done very well. Let's do our best to handle the rest.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: (Isn't there any other way...?)

M4 SOPMOD II: (Wait, I think I'm forgetting something...)

M4 SOPMOD II: (The reason we came to this base in the first place was to find somewhere safe, and then... )

M4 SOPMOD II: (And then... what was I going to do?)

M4 SOPMOD II: (I'll need to search through my neural cloud again... Argh, my index got messed up again after the battle, what a pain...)

Cx4 Storm: Now that you mention it, you just said the AR Team had four members, but if I'm not mistaken, wasn't there another one?

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, that's RO635...

M4 SOPMOD II: AHHHHHHH—!

Cx4 Storm: W-What now?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry, I remember now!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhhhh, I really am an idiot!

M4 SOPMOD II: I even forgot the whole point of coming here!

...SOP-II rummages through her pockets.

Cx4 Storm: Ah... is that a Doll's core?

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right! That's our teammate, RO635!

Cx4 Storm: Yes! That's her name! She's the new member of the AR Team, right? The smart one, right?

Cx4 Storm: Although... given her current state, I think fixing her would be hard...

M4 SOPMOD II: Yegor killed her when the Military betrayed us. I only had enough time to take her core.

Cx4 Storm: Yegor... is he the Military leader behind this operation?

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah, human soldiers ambushed us and I was blown to bits myself.

Cx4 Storm: But you survived by using Sangvis remains?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hehe, I'm a prized product of 16LAB. I wouldn't die so easily.

Cx4 Storm: But Miss RO635... what should we do about her?

Cx4 Storm: Even if you want to transfer her neural cloud, we don't have a body to put it in.

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't need a body. I just need to awaken her neural cloud for now.

...SOP-II takes out the auxiliary power supply.

Cx4 Storm: That's the power supply you got from Scarecrow...

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right, and then there's this!

...SOP-II takes out a—

Cx4 Storm: W-Where did you get that from?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, this item is key. But don't tell anyone about it; they'll get the wrong idea.

M4 SOPMOD II: In any case, I'm going to be sleeping for a long, long time, Cx4, so I'll need you to handle sentry duty with the others.

M4 SOPMOD II: If anything happens, pat my body hard three times and cut the backup power, then I'll awake safely. Got that?

Cx4 Storm: No problem! Still... will you be alright?

Cx4 Storm: It feels like you're going to do something really dangerous...

M4 SOPMOD II: We've already done a lot of dangerous things today; all that matters is—

Cx4 Storm: All that matters is the results, right?

Cx4 Storm: I know, so relax and leave the outside to me.

...SOP-II nods, and Cx4 steps outside.

M4 SOPMOD II: Now then...

...SOP-II takes a deep breath.

M4 SOPMOD II: Time to find you, RO635!

...

I never thought that a day like this would come...

I never thought that someone like me would end up helping so many people...

I never thought that I would do something I'd never done before...

...But I have no way to tell anyone about it.

So please, RO, please wake up.

Listen to what I went through today, and share this joy with me.

Because right now... you're the only friend of mine who can hear my voice.

So please, hear me out...

M4 SOPMOD II: Ow, ow, ow... not having tools really is a pain... so I should connect these wires, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: I didn't think I'd have to go and tear my own body open, but there shouldn't be a problem if it's me!

System: 【Neural cloud connection in progress. Access request has been accepted. Please stand by.】

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm in! I didn't think that messing around like that would actually work... Maybe I'm a genius, after all!

System: 【Neural cloud connection successful. Accessing connected target—】

M4 SOPMOD II: This is great, looks like I wasn't blocked by the firewall... but where's RO's signal...?

System: 【Obtaining connected target's address - unable to obtain address. Please re-verify connection coordinates.】

M4 SOPMOD II: It's all dark...

M4 SOPMOD II: Was the power supply unable to keep the neural cloud going? But I already hooked up the power... Don't tell me it was too late...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Hm?

M4 SOPMOD II: Stars? Why's there a starry sky in a neural cloud?

M4 SOPMOD II: There's a bright light close by... Is that one of RO's neural fragments?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...RO's neural cloud hasn't completely stopped functioning yet! There's still a chance!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll go over and take a look where that bright light is...

SOP-II reaches the indicated position.

M4 SOPMOD II: The light's circling around...? Do you understand what I'm saying?

The light flies in a circle.

M4 SOPMOD II: So it IS a fragment of RO's neural cloud!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! RO, can you hear me?

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, I'm right here! I'm SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: Please! Please wake up!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO—!!!

...

...

??: ...

??: You finally showed up, ■■.

■■: ...

■■: Should I apologize, 45?

UMP45: Why should you? You were in command.

UMP45: It's just that...

UMP45: How is your choice any different from M4A1's?

■■: You mean contacting Helian?

UMP45: I mean trying to save everyone.

UMP45: If the Commander hadn't listened to you and rushed here at all costs...

UMP45: All our deaths would have been on you.

■■: I think I now know...

■■: ...Why you always do things your way.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Then will you be content with losing your sense of self and becoming someone else's substitute?

■■: But... what even is my "sense of self"?

UMP45: ...

■■: I was... created for this to begin with.

■■: I will never abandon those who M4 wishes to protect.

■■: And those who she believes in, I too, will.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: In any case, you did the right thing in this operation.

Persica: Everything she does will be for M4A1's sake, including the things that the AR Team and M4A1 herself can't do.

Persica: I've readjusted the plan so she won't have so much of..."that girl" in her.

Persica: That way, she'll have more abilities and the room to make use of them, and become the most capable addition to the AR Team.

Persica: The development channels used in making the AR Team can't be mass-produced, and the number of times that the brain scan data can be used is far too limited...

Persica: But the simulated processing AI used as a substitute is quite stable. At this rate, the data specifications of this girl can probably be used as the template for the third generation of Dolls.

Persica: She will protect M4A1, not because she is ordered to, but because she admires and respects M4A1...

Persica: While this will all be the product of previous planning, aren't "emotions" basically playing things by ear anyway?

■■: What about M4? Did she do anything while she was crying?

M4 SOPMOD II: She didn't do anything at all!

M4 SOPMOD II: She was the only one seriously crying, and the loudest one as well. She kept saying, "It's my fault, it's my fault, I'm sorry!"

M4 SOPMOD II: She was just like a bullied kid I once saw in a movie. I have no idea how she managed to emulate the look so perfectly!

M4 SOPMOD II: It was super embarrassing how our leader was so useless! And making fools out of the rest of us as well, hahaha! I would love to see it happen again!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahaha!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ha...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Though...it's probably impossible at this point...

■■: SOP-II...

■■: It's still possible. M16 must be waiting for us somewhere, and AR-15... Well, many things are still unconfirmed, right?

■■: As long as we survive, there will surely be a way in the future.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah... ■■, why do you think we have emotion modules?

■■: About that...

M4 SOPMOD II: I once posed this question to M16. She said perhaps it is to prove that we aren't simply killing machines.

M4 SOPMOD II: We possess emotions, so we're different from those cold, emotionless Military Dolls...

M4 SOPMOD II: But there are those who say that our emotions are what makes us defective and weak.

M4 SOPMOD II: So what do you think? T-Dolls have emotions... Does that make us defective?

■■: I don't know...

■■: But emotion modules are something that humans gave to us. No one would intentionally make their own products defective, right?

■■: So...there must be some meaning to all of this.

...

......

......

Beginning audio playback—

AR15: It's been a long time, ■■.

AR15: I don't know if this will be our last call, but due to my current situation, I'll have to cut a long story short.

AR15: I probably... can't ever return to the AR Team.

AR15: You know, sometimes that's just the way things are. You work hard but you still end up with a mess.

AR15: Enemies, orders, or even just plain bad luck... So many things can ruin your plan...

AR15: M16 once said, the difference lies in whether we give up just like that, or we prepare for the worst and keep going.

AR15: If you don't see me the next time, it means the worst has happened...

AR15: But I've already prepared for it. How about you, ■■?

AR15: Have you prepared... to return to the AR Team?

AR15: Of course, you have your own ideas and choices to make... So all I want to say is...

AR15: I'm sorry. Forgive me for what I said. You've always been exemplary. I know that.

Persica: Don't feel too down, ■■.

Persica: You're a high-performance Doll, better than most of the Dolls you haven't met yet.

■■: I... don't understand...

■■: But why...

■■: Why did that Doll... AR-15... why did she say I was a failure? I clearly won in the simulated battle...

Persica: Because you sacrificed M4A1 without hesitation. It was a very bad choice.

■■: I did it to win...

■■: Aren't Dolls expendable?

Persica: Not all of them, ■■. That's not the answer I want.

■■: So I should prioritize protecting M4A1 from now on, right? Then give me a new order. I'll know what to do.

Persica: No... that's not what I meant.

Persica: While the AR Team was made for that purpose, I won't give you an order like that.

■■: I don't understand...

■■: Why do you want me to do this... without ordering me to...?

Persica: You need to know WHY you have to do this.

Persica: You need to find the right answer on the battlefield, and not achieve victory based on your orders.

■■: Then why not directly program it that way?

■■: Just tell me what to do, and I'll know how to do it.

Persica: You don't know where your true "excellence" lies, ■■...

Persica: But I'll give you a chance. I'll let you take part in live operations. You must accumulate experience, amass knowledge...

Persica: You must... add to your "emotions".

■■: Emotions?

Persica: Yes. A Doll's emotions can be trained and changed.

Persica: This is... the fruit of Lyco's hard work... I hope I'm not abusing it now...

■■: Miss Persica?

Persica: I'll assign you to a new position, where you'll be doing real work. Mix well with your friends, and all kinds of human beings...

Persica: Even I don't dare to make contact with those humans... you'll have to be better than I am to succeed.

■■: A new position... I don't know if I'll be able to adapt. Will I not be able to return to the AR Team?

Persica: The time is not yet right. I'll bring you back when you're ready.

■■: My... new job...

■■: I'm not sure if I'll like it...

Persica: I'm honestly not sure either, and I won't compel you to do so with an order, but learning to like it will be your mission.

Persica: Learn to like M4A1, learn to like the world, and learn to like yourself.

Persica: Come, follow me, and we'll start right away.

Type 92: Yeah, the mission has also been accomplished...

Type 92: Though... we'll have to part soon...

STEN MkII: Huh? Why is that?

■■: Don't you remember, Sten?

■■: This team is assembled temporarily only for this operation.

STEN MkII: Oh, right... And we already have Document 36...

STEN MkII: Even though Sangvis Ferri completely destroyed the city...

Type 92: They won't be cocky for long. Makarov will bring word of this back to HQ.

Type 92: We will come up with something - against that large mortar, as well as the Sangvis ringleader hiding behind it.

STEN MkII: Yeah. All of us have gone through so much and learned a lot from this operation.

STEN MkII: Even if we go our separate ways, I will never forget...

AAT52: Don't be so melodramatic, Sten. It's not like we'll never see each other again.

AAT52: Let's have a proper party once we get back tonight!

■■: ...

■■: Yeah...

■■: It's not like... we'll never see each other again...

■■: So girls, this isn't the end.

■■: We will keep fighting, keep learning on our respective battlefields...

■■: And we'll keep winning, until the day Sangvis Ferri is defeated for good.

Type 92: ...

Type 92: They say you're not quite the same as other T-Dolls. I think they're right.

Type 92: You have... a will that Griffin T-Dolls lack.

■■: ...I guess.

■■: So this is why I came back - for Griffin's victory, for justice...

■■: And... for vengeance...

■■: I swear...

■■: I WILL make them pay! No matter what weapons they fire at us, what strategies they use, what conspiracy they have cooking on the stove...

■■: So long as they cause destruction... So long as they wreak havoc...

■■: I will definitely make them pay!

Persica: Have you finally...come to like this world?

Persica: Do you finally know why you act?

■■: I...

■■: I don't know what it is that I like...

Persica: It's you. You and this world are one.

■■: Who... am I?

Persica: Your name...

Persica: Well of course, it's...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!!

M4 SOPMOD II: R! O!

M4 SOPMOD II: SIX! THREE!

M4 SOPMOD II: FIIIIIIIIIIIVE—!!!

RO635: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH—!

M4 SOPMOD II: AHHHHHHHHHH—!

RO635: W-What happened?!

RO635: M4! M4, wake up—

RO635: Wake...?

RO635: SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

RO635: What possessed you to suddenly shout so loudly?!

M4 SOPMOD II: I shouted because you shouted.

RO635: I shouted because YOU shouted.

M4 SOPMOD II: I shouted because I wanted to call out to you.

RO635: ...

RO635: ...So, uh...

RO635: ...What does that mean?

...Thump!

SOP-II rushes over and embraces RO!

RO635: Ack! Tootighttootight!

RO635: What's going on here?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow! How wonderful, RO! We meet again at last!

RO635: Is... that so...

RO635: What... happened to me?

RO635: Ah, I think I was trying to wake M4A1, and then—

M4 SOPMOD II: And then! And then Yegor shot you in the head!

RO635: —?!

RO635: I... was killed?

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes...

M4 SOPMOD II: I only managed to take your neural core with me. Now I've entered Level II to try and awaken you...

RO635: Awaken me...

RO635: Hold it, I want to sort out my neural cloud...

RO635: This is a mess... What's going on now...?

RO635: Where's... M4A1?

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry, she's...she'll be fine.

M4 SOPMOD II: More importantly, you need to wake up. Time's very tight, we need to go now!

RO635: Wait! You can't—!

...SOP-II grabs RO's arms and forcefully pulls her up!

...Whum—!

WARNING! Detecting unauthorized ID signal—

ID signal belongs to Sangvis Ferri, activating expulsion mode—

RO635: SOP-II! It's dangerous, come with me!

...RO drags SOP-II along as they flee through cyberspace.

M4 SOPMOD II: What-what was that?

RO635: It's a defense mechanism installed in my neural cloud. You were too rough and triggered it!

RO635: Also, those S.F. arms and legs of yours are a big problem too!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, I survived with the help of these things!

M4 SOPMOD II: So what should we do now? How should I get you out of here?

RO635: Where's my body?

M4 SOPMOD II: The head was smashed, so I left it back there.

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't make me think about it; it makes me want to get my team to hunt down and kill Yegor.

RO635: Alright, alright, if you have teammates, then I'll need a body...

M4 SOPMOD II: We don't have any spare bodies. We're really low on manpower, and I can't sacrifice a friend to resurrect you.

RO635: Don't talk like we're conducting some kind of evil ritual...

RO635: Alright, then what do you have?

M4 SOPMOD II: I've got an auxiliary power supply and something that can serve as a vessel for your baseline module, but it's not physically big enough to carry your core.

RO635: It can't? What kind of vessel did you find that was so small?

M4 SOPMOD II: More like your core is so big - where does it even go in your body?

M4 SOPMOD II: Still, that's fine. I can just stick it onto my own.

RO635: You're using...your body?

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, it's not like I'll be eating cake or dancing any time soon. When I rebuilt my body, I dumped a lot of modules and parts. That freed up a lot of space.

M4 SOPMOD II: But I don't know how to connect your core to my internal motherboard on the software level...

RO635: I have a way, but it'll put a huge strain on your neural cloud.

M4 SOPMOD II: "If you don't use your head, you might as well not have one," M16A1 once said.

RO635: Alright, but first we need to get out of this place.

M4 SOPMOD II: Can't you just tell them to stop?

RO635: The system thinks I'm dead, so it's stripped me of my neural cloud control privileges. I need to reauthenticate to get them back.

M4 SOPMOD II: What the heck... this is such a drag.

RO635: All the members of the AR Team are different in their own ways, right? I was developed by Miss Persica as an electronic warfare specialist.

RO635: Besides, who would have expected a Griffin T-Doll loaded with Sangvis parts to come barging in when I was ambushed...

RO635: Let's go, I need to crack the defensive barrier sealing off the authentication mechanism first.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah! Let's go!

RO635: Hold it! Don't alert too many defenders!

RO635: Honestly, why are you so much more eager than I am?

M4 SOPMOD II: T-That's because I finally got to see you again!

M4 SOPMOD II: And soon, we'll be able to meet in real life!

...RO635 smiles.

RO635: Seeing you be this noisy, and knowing about all of the annoying work that's coming up for me... I really should have slept longer.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hehe, but you're awake now, so let's go!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Docking complete.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

RO635: ...

...Smack!

M4 SOPMOD II: Urgh...

...Smack!

RO635: Ugh...

...Smack, smack!

...Kachak!

...SOP-II's eyes suddenly snap open!

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II! SOP-II!

Cx4 Storm: The Military's units have found us! Wake up, quick!

...SOP-II stands dumbly in place, utterly motionless.

M4 SOPMOD II？: I...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II...? Are you alright?

M4 SOPMOD II？: SOP-II...

M4 SOPMOD II？: SOP-II... Where... is SOP-II...?

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II?

Cx4 Storm: Sorry, don't tell me I accidentally broke your neural cloud...

Cx4 Storm: I'm sorry! I got anxious and hit you an extra time! Is this some kind of spell that has to be carefully carried out and hitting one too many times will have consequences?

M4 SOPMOD II？: SOP-II... Where's SOP-II...?

M4 SOPMOD II？: Wait...

M4 SOPMOD II？: Where am I...?

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II...

Cx4 Storm: You're... not opening your mouth? Then how are you speaking?

Cx4 Storm: And you... who are YOU?

M4 SOPMOD II？: ...

M4 SOPMOD II？: Me?

RO635？: I'm... RO635, and you're...

Cx4 looks down at the source of the sound.

Cx4 Storm: Ah! So... that voice was coming from YOU!

RO635: Me? Where am I?

RO635: Why am I... so... short?

RO635: Wait, these hands... no! These legs are—!

...

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH—!

WHY AM I IN A DINERGATE?!

RO635: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

RO635: WHY AM I IN A DINERGATE?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ugh... What a ruckus...

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Am I awake?

...

RO635: SOP-II! What's the meaning of this?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Jeez...that's the only vessel I can keep on my body at all times...

M4 SOPMOD II: So when I saw that Scarecrow didn't want to take it back, I just took it along with me. (Well, more like kidnapped it).

M4 SOPMOD II: In any case, you'll just have to make do for now. We'll figure out what to do once we get to HQ, okay?

RO635: You lied! This isn't a vessel at all!

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry, Dinergate circuitry is simple. I already pulled out the S.F. circuit boards and the CPU's now linked to my system.

M4 SOPMOD II: Also, while you're speaking through the Dinergate, your neural cloud is linked to my motherboard.

M4 SOPMOD II: If you use your neural cloud too much, I won't be able to think on my end...

RO635: I don't care! What the hell is this, I look like a complete dork!

RO635: Why don't you just rip me out of there!

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, it's a Sangvis product so it's cheap stuff. Bear with it for a while, alright?

RO635: I should just kill myself.

M4 SOPMOD II: Think of this as a simulation of how all human beings start out small and become big! Be open-minded!

RO635: Ahhhh, seriously, Makarov is going to laugh her ass off when she sees me like this!

M4 SOPMOD II: That'll have to wait until she actually sees you like this.

Cx4 Storm: Um... I'm sorry, but we don't have much time, so—

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah, sorry, Cx4.

M4 SOPMOD II: Er... What did you just say?

Cx4 Storm: We heard a big explosion just now, so several of us wanted to scout it out, but we were spotted by military recon drones and now they're headed this way!

M4 SOPMOD II: An explosion? Well, in any case, we should try to establish comms.

...Five minutes later.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, have you gotten in touch with the Commander?

RO635: Thanks for bringing my megaphone back...

RO635: I just sent a transmission in signal-boost mode, but I haven't gotten a reply yet.

RO635: It's possible that the Commander replied, but reception here is bad and we couldn't pick it up.

M4 SOPMOD II: The Military's surrounded us and there's no escape, so all we can do is wait here.

M4 SOPMOD II: Things being what they are, we have to believe in the Commander.

RO635: It's also possible that the Commander didn't receive it at all. I'm not exactly holding onto hope on a battlefield like this.

RO635: So, how do you want to tell everyone about this?

RO635: If we lie to our friends, and tell them the Commander's reinforcements are coming right away, it could make them fight harder, you know?

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't know...you're the smart one. Tell me what to do...

RO635: I'm sorry, but thinking with this body is too much of a pain. I'm going to sleep.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, come on! Cx4's coming in soon, help me out here!

RO635: Eh...even losing doesn't feel like a big deal...

RO635: If I have to be lugged around inside this body, I might as well die...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey! Now's not the time to be whining!

M4 SOPMOD II: But it's true, I was the one who tried to wake you up and things ended up like this. Blame me all you want...

RO635: That's not what I meant... I mean, I don't mind dying together with you...

RO635: It just irks me that I can't meet my end as a Tactical Doll...

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't assume that we've already lost!

...The door opens.

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, the Military's about to begin their attack. Have you contacted the Commander?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II?

SOP-II leads Cx4 outside.

M4 SOPMOD II: Good morning, everyone! I'm M4 SOPMOD II!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm a Griffin Tactical Doll from the AR Team, your colleague and your friend.

M4 SOPMOD II: I have an announcement to make!

...

M4 SOPMOD II: We...are probably done for.

Cx4 Storm: ...!

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: We just sent out a distress signal...but there's no way to tell if the Commander received it...

M4 SOPMOD II: If we're lucky, the Commander will have picked it up and sent out reinforcements.

M4 SOPMOD II: If we're unlucky...if something happens during any step of the process, if the Commander didn't get it, if the Commander doesn't have enough forces to send out, if there's too much distance between us, or if the Commander's already...

M4 SOPMOD II: In any case...it's possible...that we might all die here today...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II...

...SOP-II begins to sob.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry... I'm stupid... I'm bad at lying, and I'm not team leader material...

M4 SOPMOD II: I really wanted to lie to everyone and say that the Commander would be coming...

M4 SOPMOD II: But I'm afraid... I'm afraid that we'll be unlucky... I'm afraid that everyone is going to die with hope in their hearts, and that you'll look at me, and tell me to stay alive...to live long enough for the Commander to show up...

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't want that... I don't want to be the only one who knows the truth, the only one who's waiting. I don't...I don't want to lose my friends again...

...Cx4 looks at SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: I know... I know I don't deserve to be a team leader at all. From the beginning to the end, I only ever did as I pleased!

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't know how to protect everyone, and I can't guarantee that everyone...will survive... I talked so big and so irresponsibly...

M4 SOPMOD II: I just...I just wanted to be friends with everyone, and to find a place that would take me in when my team fell apart...

...RO sighs.

M4 SOPMOD II: I know I'm weird, and I'm not good at getting people to like me, so this is all I can do...

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't bear the responsibility of being a team leader and all that, I...I don't deserve to be one...

M4 SOPMOD II: So... this is all I can say...right now... I have no idea what to do...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry... I...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

Cx4 Storm: You said you lied because you were afraid of being abandoned.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes...so I don't deserve...

Cx4 Storm: Tell me, is there a Doll here who isn't afraid of being abandoned?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

Cx4 Storm: We're like you, we're all scared to death.

Cx4 Storm: Still, things being what they are now, whether there's hope or not, whether we're afraid or not, there's no escape for us.

Cx4 Storm: You don't have to be ashamed. It is exactly because of moments like these that we need friends, am I right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Cx4...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II...

Cx4 Storm: Tell us your darkest desire, your most shameful wish.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Everyone...

M4 SOPMOD II: Although...although I've known you all for less than a day, I still...

M4 SOPMOD II: I want to be friends with you, and then face the truth with you, fight together with you, and die by your side!

Cx4 Storm: Then what are you waiting for?

Cx4 Storm: We have no mission now, no objective. All we can do now is survive.

M4 SOPMOD II: We can only count on each other now, to see each other through to the end, whether the end is life or death!

...The Griffin Dolls explode into a rousing cheer!

...

RO635: Honestly...in the end you're still fighting without any hope.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Chuckles bitterly) You should be helping me!

RO635: I can't cry like that.

M4 SOPMOD II: But you were crying too...

RO635: H-how could you tell?

M4 SOPMOD II: I hear all your thoughts.

RO635: Tsk...

RO635: I guess...there's nothing we can do, then?

M4 SOPMOD II: You know, messed-up situations like these are starting to become familiar.

RO635: Yeah...well, at least this time we won't need to worry about who's going to betray us and we can fall facing the enemy, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh yes. We can enjoy it.

Cano: It's precisely because this is a battlefield. Whether it's the AR Team, Ceno and I or even other T-Dolls, we all live on in each other's neural clouds.

Cano: If we can't even keep each other's memory alive, who would remember us?

Cano: SOP-II, how much emotion have you been penning up?

Cano: Let it all out now and enjoy this fight!

Ceno: And this death.

M4 SOPMOD II: I finally understand what the Carcanos were saying...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, the Military's advancing.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah...

M4 SOPMOD II: Cx4...

M4 SOPMOD II: Are you ready to die with me?

Cx4 Storm: (Smiles)

Cx4 Storm: Why not just give the order?

M4 SOPMOD II: This isn't an order.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...It's an invitation.

Cx4 Storm: It would be an honor.

Cx4 Storm: Let's begin!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The battle is in its most grueling phase.

RO635: ...SOP-II!

RO635: SOP-II!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ugh...

RO635: Get up! You're squishing me!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry, RO, I can't...move...

RO635: Don't give up!

RO635: Muster the same spirit you had when you popped that Jaeger's head!

RO635: You were just—

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhhhhh, shut up!

...SOP-II forcefully sits up!

M4 SOPMOD II: You were whining so much and taking up so much of my neural space I didn't even have the strength to stand up!

RO635: You were just playing dead! You wanted to slack off the moment the Military broke off the attack!

M4 SOPMOD II: I was using the time to rest! The Military didn't break off the attack, but...

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, get down!

...Boom!

M4 SOPMOD II: Military tanks! How did they get here so fast?!

RO635: We can't beat those things...

RO635: And...

RO635: Even the Commander's reinforcements wouldn't be able to beat them either!

Cx4 Storm: ...

Cx4 Storm: Is this...the end for us?

RO635: End of the line, SOP-II.

RO635: Can't you go berserk one last time?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't. Even I...I know that I can't beat those things.

M4 SOPMOD II: And...for some reason I don't feel so unafraid of death anymore...

Cx4 Storm: (Grins) I'm sorry, SOP-II. It's because of us, isn't it?

M4 SOPMOD II: (Grins back) Well, we dragged each other down. I guess we're even, then?

RO635: Everyone's gathered together for the last time. At least use up all your ammo.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ammo? I've long since—

...Boom—!

Boom—! Boom—!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

...Several missiles wipe out the Military armored units in moments.

RO635: So you had some left after all.

M4 SOPMOD II: That wasn't me, that was...

...Click.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm fine... Wait, that sounds like...
If choice 2 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Miss you...? You're...
If choice 3 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: They're amazing, but who are you? Wait a minute...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Commander?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's the Commander—!!!

...

...Boom—!!! Boom—!!!

As the Griffin T-Dolls cheer, continuous waves of missiles drown the Military's mechanical and armored units in a sea of fire.

RO635: Looks like...we got lucky.

RO635: If I knew it would turn out like this, I would've saved my tears for now...

RO635: Although...it makes no difference now...

...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

RO635: Shut up...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, let me explain—

RO635: I want you to SHUT UP! Pay attention and walk!

...Thump!

SOP-II nearly collapses onto her knees.

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II, are you alright?

M4 SOPMOD II: Ugh... I'm fine, I'm fine...

M4 SOPMOD II: Honestly, I can't control my body properly every time you kick up a fuss.

RO635: Whose fault is it that I have high-end electronic warfare modules?! Whose fault is it that I'm not the one controlling the body?!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to tell the Commander - pffffft!

RO635: Didn't mean to, my ass! Look at your face! Just look at your face!

RO635: Didn't we agree not to tell the Commander I ended up like this?! You should have pretended I was dead!

M4 SOPMOD II: But the Commander was so relieved after I said that, so live with it, okay?

RO635: I should just kill myself...

Cx4 Storm: There there, you can change back to normal once we get back to HQ, RO.

RO635: How long is that going to take...

RO635: Cx4, how far away are we from the secure location that the Commander gave us?

Cx4 Storm: It's right in front of us, see—

RO635: SOP-II, look up, otherwise I can't see it.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes, yes—

RO635: It looks like a temporary base, and it doesn't look like Griffin built it themselves.

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't think about that. It's good enough that we've got a place like this.

Cx4 Storm: Yeah, I'm glad we get to regroup with everyone! We finally get to breathe a sigh of relief!

RO635: ...Still, someone's helping us, right?

RO635: I mean, consider the heavy weapons the Commander used to support us. That's not the sort of thing a PMC ought to have.

M4 SOPMOD II: You know about that sort of thing, RO?

RO635: I used to handle a lot of law enforcement work. Of course I'd know.

RO635: After WWIII, civilian organizations aren't allowed to have military weapons without special permission.

Cx4 Storm: Mm, I know that. That's why we can only use these 50-year-old weapons, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Some T-Dolls have weapons which are more than 50 years old, hehe...

RO635: Don't look down on them when they have the Imprint to make up for their performance.

M4 SOPMOD II: But yeah, those heavy weapons mean we aren't an ordinary PMC anymore, right?

RO635: That much was obvious the moment the Military turned on us...

RO635: I wonder what happened to HQ...

Cx4 Storm: Huh? You don't know about them, RO?

Cx4 Storm: Oh...that's right...

RO635: What?

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah! RO, we're here! We're here!

M4 SOPMOD II: Look! It's the security zone! We're safe!

RO635: What happened at HQ?!

RO635: SOP-II! If you don't tell me, don't even think about stepping foot into the security zone!

M4 SOPMOD II: Arghhhh! My right leg is out of control!!

??: Shut it.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...?!

Everyone looks over and sees the T-Doll waiting up ahead.

RO635: You...you're...

416: What are you dawdling for? Regroup already!

M4 SOPMOD II: This T-Doll... Who is she again? She looks kinda familiar...?

416: You find too many people familiar. Hurry up and get over here.

416: The enemy is about to launch their next attack. We must get everyone out of here before that.

Cx4 Storm: Enemy? Has the Military fought their way here?

416: It's a new faction.

Cx4 Storm: A new faction?

Cx4 Storm: Not the Military?

Cx4 Storm: Not Sangvis Ferri either?

Cx4 Storm: Then who are they?

416: No idea.

416: All we know is that they want to kill us deader than dead.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh...is that so?

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, I don't mind as long as they're something I can kill.

416: That's the problem.

416: Those things...that want to kill us...

416: They're...unkillable.

...Five minutes later, the team encounters the unknown enemy blocking their path.

416: You see those white things, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm... I've never seen them before. What are they?

416: I don't know, but they're after us. And their firepower is at least as good as the Military's.

M4 SOPMOD II: So we can only regroup with the Commander after we fight our way out of here?

416: We won't be able to meet up with the Commander for now. Griffin has their hands full fighting these enemies and they can't withdraw.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then we need to get rid of these enemies! No matter what they are, we can't let them hurt everyone!

416: (Has SOP-II...changed?)

416: We have the Commander and the HOCs. Taking care of enemies we see now isn't a problem.

416: Wipe them out as soon as possible. We need to mount a rescue at the next outpost.

M4 SOPMOD II: Roger! Leave to to me! RO, Cx4 Storm, this is the first battle we're fighting with the Commander watching since we came back, so make sure you put on a good show!

...An hour before the dirty bomb exploded, at the temporary Griffin Command Post.

Kalina: Attention, all T-Dolls!

Kalina: The Military has already breached the outer defensive perimeter of the Command Post! All combatants are to follow the briefed contingency plan and withdraw immediately!

Kalina: 9A-91, Thompson, both of your teams need to hold your defensive positions and secure the other Dolls' retreat!

9A-91: Where's the Commander? We need orders, otherwise we can't mount an effective counterattack!

Kalina: The Commander is still coordinating the battle and cannot move from their current position!

Thompson: We're fighting the damn Military here. We won't last long without the Boss around!

Kalina: Aaaaaahhhh, screw this! Let me give it a shot, then!

9A-91: You...?

Kalina: I've learned rudimentary tactics and commanding while serving with the Commander, y'know? I'm not that experienced, but I can at least serve to bolster your operational efficiency a little!

9A-91: That'll do, Miss Kalina.

Thompson: We'll leave the rest to you then.

Kalina: Let's move on forward, for Griffin, and for all of our friends!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

9A-91: Kalina, the Military's tanks have breached our defense outpost! Requesting permission to retreat?

Kalina: H-Hold on a minute! There's still a lot of us who haven't—

Thompson: There's too many tanks, our line of defense has been broken!

Kalina: I-Isn't there anything else you can do? Once the army takes those outposts, not only will everyone be stuck here, even the Commander—

Thompson: So it can't be helped, huh...

Thompson: Looks like... we'll just have to hold the line, then...

Kalina: What should I do...? Are we... really finished?

Kalina: Commander...

Kalina: Is tomorrow... never going to come for us...

...

My experience has taught me that miracles always happen when the end is nigh.

9A-91: That light! What IS that?

Or rather, that the end itself is a miracle, as long as you can survive it.

And at this very moment, it happened...

Thompson: Get down everybody!

Kalina: Woaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh—!

What seemed to be our end of days, was thwarted by a light at the end of the tunnel.

...

...An unknown amount of time later.

Kalina: (Coughs heavily)

Kalina: Is everyone alright? (Coughs)

Thompson: We're fine...

Thompson: But what was that just now?

9A-91: There was a green light, and then my neural cloud shut down for a bit, and then...

Thompson: Wait a minute...

Thompson: Our enemies...aren't moving any more? They've stopped responding!

9A-91: Are we... saved?

Kalina: What happened... (coughs)

Kalina: Well, whatever it was, this is great news... (coughs)

Kalina: Everyone, get up! Fill the gaps in the line of defense! The enemy might counterattack at any time!

Kalina: Kalin, we need a resupply ASAP!

Kalina: Right, I'll get MP40's logistics team on it (cough)!

Kalina: Miss Kalin, your reaction isn't normal, don't tell me that was...

Kalina: I'm fine, maybe I'm just a little allergic... (coughs)

Kalina: Wait a minute... This stuff... don't tell me this stuff is...

Kalina suddenly realizes the true nature of that green light just now, and hurriedly makes a call.

Kalina: Commander! Commander, are you alright? Were you caught in that Collapse Fluid explosion just now?!

Kalina: Commander, Commander, please answer me!

Kalina: Commander—!

...

But sometimes, survival does not imply being lucky.

When we leave Hell, it is hard to tell if the light before us is that of Heaven, a dream, or a memory of the truth...

??: Can you see me?

??: Can you hear what I am saying?

I feel dizzy as I wake up to an uncomfortable light and the beeping of machines monitoring my vital signs...

??: If you can speak, then you do not need to move your head to respond.

??: Look at us. How do you feel now?

...Three hours later.

??: Greetings, Griffin Commander.

??: Now... you need to remain calm. Do not panic.

??: I have something to say to you. Is that alright?

??: You must be calm. You have been in a coma all this while...

??: ...Yes, I understand, you must want to know how long you were unconscious.

??: You have been comatose for...

??: ...Nine weeks.

...At this very moment, I am certain that I have gone deeper into Hell.

...One day later.

??: ...Nine weeks ago, you were severely injured by the detonation of a large Collapse Fluid bomb.

??: We treated you and allowed you to regain consciousness.

??: Griffin Commander, now that you are awake, let us begin.

...

??: ...

They do not answer me. They simply continue their monologue.

When I think back, I realize that I knew them. They appeared after the dirty bomb explosion, and then...

...

But this is my first time observing them up close. They look very familiar — am I imagining things?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

The Nytos do not answer, but their gazes grow more focused as they stare at me.

The way they look at me makes me very uncomfortable, more so than the looks in the eyes of the first batch of experimental Dolls.

There is no emotion or curiosity there. They're just...looking at me...

What am I in their eyes? Perhaps I am nothing more than a form that needs to be filled up for work.
If choice 2 was picked

The Nytos do not respond in any way, like a group of emotionless machines that lack any personality.

I had seen them on the battlefield before, killing all targets in sight... my T-Dolls, perhaps, or maybe even me...

They are an enemy worth hating more than even the Military, but right now... they are not doing anything.
If choice 3 was picked

??: You will have one, but not in this place.
If choice 3 was picked

The Nytos speak, and their voices make me doubt my ears.

I've heard these voices before... but I can't remember where exactly, and it makes me feel uncomfortable...

Perhaps it's because I've just woken up and my head isn't too clear, or perhaps it's because I really need a glass of water...

Nyto: Griffin Commander, you are now a prisoner of our Master.

I don't like their voices. I can't say why they repulse me. The words they speak sound very real, very hollow... and very familiar.

Nyto: The only way you will gain your freedom is by telling us everything you know about what happened after the Collapse Fluid explosion.

...
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto: We will check your statement against the facts. If any contradictions arise, we will force you to amend it through punishment.
If choice 2 was picked

The Nytos do not answer. They remain completely still. Even their faces do not betray their refusal to answer. Like a coin tossed into a wishing well, my question is met with silence.

Nyto: Now, get up.

Nyto: Complete this order in ten seconds, or we will consider you to be harboring rebellious intentions and will employ coercive measures on you.

Nyto: 10.

Nyto: 9.

Nyto: 8.

7.

6.

...Suddenly, the puppets fall silent.

And then...

Nyto?: Commander?

Only one Nyto is staring at me. The look in her eyes is completely different from before.

Nyto?: Long time no see.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

The Doll draws a line down over her left eye with her index finger.

What does this imply? I think for a while, and then I think I have the answer...
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto?: Are you into that kind of thing, Commander? However, we can't do that now. I'm here to help you. All you need to do is listen.

Nyto?: I didn't expect these bodies to have such complex neural networks. It took me a long time to identify and hack their simulated consciousnesses.

Nyto?: Still, I can temporarily invade these Nytos' electronic synapses, and I hacked all four of them this time round in order to cover up the fact that we've managed to get into their system.

Nyto?: However, taking control of all these Nytos is a huge drain. I prepared for an entire week just for this moment. I won't be able to do it next time.

Nyto?: Each hack only allows me to control my target for two minutes, so I'll cut to the chase — we're here to rescue you, Commander.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto?: Sorry, it took us a long time to find this place, and... it took me a long time to fully recover from the previous battle.
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto?: Oh my, I'm touched. But you should be more concerned about yourself now, Commander.

Nyto?: What you need to know is that these Nytos were tasked with obtaining information from your body. They tried scanning your brain for data, but that clearly failed, so they had to question you in person.

Nyto?: We're currently preparing to infiltrate this place. You need to delay these puppets for as long as possible during this time.

Nyto?: They asked you about what happened during the previous mission, right?

Nyto?: Whether you tell them the truth or make something up, we need you to delay them for as long as possible. We need to make a lot of preparations to ensure the operation goes off without a hitch.

Nyto?: I know you'll suffer as a result. These "puppets" were created to force confessions from people, but they need your cooperation to achieve their aim.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto?: Humans are good at that. I'm sure you can do it.
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto?: Then try your best, Commander. It doesn't matter what you say, just stall for time.
If choice 3 was picked

Nyto?: Oh? Really now?
If choice 3 was picked

The Nyto narrows her eyes.
If choice 3 was picked

Nyto?: I've heard some rumors. You'll have to tell me all about it the next time we meet.

Nyto?: Time's almost up. I've planted a miniature transmitter on you. It can only send and receive at short ranges.

Nyto?: After that, I'll hack into one of these four Nytos and save you from the inside.

Nyto?: The situation will be very dangerous and you may need to fight as well. I found a pistol, which I've hidden under your restraints. You DO know how to use one, right?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto?: Hehe, my apologies, Commander. I look forward to your performance.
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto?: We'll try to avoid that, but I can't make any guarantees.

Nyto?: This is also a battlefield, Commander. You can't be soft-hearted here.

Nyto?: Also, I'm not sure which of these Nytos I'll be able to hack into. When the time comes, I'll say a code phrase so I don't get hurt by accident when you're fighting back.

Nyto?: Listen closely. The phrase is...

Nyto?: "I've brought misfortune."

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto?: I just like it.
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto?: You don't need to do anything. Just don't hit her by accident.

Nyto?: Got that? Once you hear the code phrase, you'll know that Nyto's under my control. You don't need to respond, just don't kill her, because she's going to help us open the room from the inside and ensure that we can rescue you ASAP. This is crucial.

Nyto?: Well, I guess you already understand. In any case, don't worry, Commander. We'll get you out of there.

Nyto?: Until then, you'll just have to grin and bear it. I'm going to release control now. Good luck.

Nyto: 5.

Nyto: 4.

Nyto: Very good. You carried out the order in only 6 seconds.

Nyto: Now, we shall proceed to the interrogation room.

The Nytos lead me to the interrogation room.

To be precise, it's less like leading me and more like frog-marching me along. I see many things during my journey.

...In the interrogation room.

Nyto: Griffin Commander. Do not attempt to struggle against your restraints. The only thing you may move is your mouth.

Nyto: We require you to provide your memories. For starters, we need to know how you survived on the battlefield.

Nyto: We need more details. We need to know how you survived and reached that safe house. Tell us.

Nyto: We need the truth. Don't get it wrong.

Indeed, the only thing I'm certain of is that I survived the battlefield.

...That I had survived the explosion.

...

A great force had awakened me back then. I struggled free of something, and then fell heavily to the ground.

I looked at the ceiling. Time seemed to slow down, while my breathing grew more and more rapid as I thrashed around on the ground...

Just then, I noticed two dark silhouettes approaching me. I instinctively lay down and closed my eyes.

Where was I? What had happened? Who were those two silhouettes? Were they enemies? Or perhaps...

Sagacious female voice: ...Commander? Commander, are you awake?

Choleric female voice: Oi! Commander—!

Choleric female voice: Wake the hell up, scumbag Commander!

Choleric female voice: Otherwise I'll dump you on the ground and drag you to Kalin, how do you like that?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Choleric female voice: Don't play dumb if you're awake! Open your eyes and get up!
If choice 1 was picked

Sagacious female voice: Don't shake the Commander. You mustn't subject human heads to vigorous motion.
If choice 2 was picked

Choleric female voice: That's 'cause your breathing changed! I can feel that!
If choice 2 was picked

Sagacious female voice: Given your breathing and line of sight, I could tell where you were looking.
If choice 3 was picked

Choleric female voice: Of course we are! We're dyed-in-the-wool Griffin T-Dolls!
If choice 3 was picked

Sagacious female voice: Commander, this place is safe and there's no need to worry...for now.

M82A1: Pleased to meet you. I am Griffin Tactical Doll M82A1.

M82A1: It's normal for you not to know me, but I know you very well. I've been watching you for very long now.

M870: I'm M870, from Griffin.

M870: Are you up now, scumbag?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M82A1: I was just following my orders to take you from the battlefield to this safe house.
If choice 1 was picked

M870: Don't think we like it, though. We had to come all the way to this shithole because of you!
If choice 2 was picked

M82A1: Miss Kalina gave us the coordinates and the two of us came here.
If choice 2 was picked

M870: That's right, you're going to praise us for it, right? You'd better, we could have died here because of you!
If choice 3 was picked

M82A1: We're still in your command room. You were unconscious from the radiation when we found you.
If choice 3 was picked

M870: We're not far from the contaminated zone. This place is well-hidden, but it's not going to be safe if anyone finds out about it.

M82A1: We gave you some "treatment". You should have regained the ability to move for the time being.

M870: Or rather... we gave you a shot in the arm. Adrenaline, of course. I didn't expect it to be so effective.

M82A1: Still, you were not badly contaminated to begin with. If you receive proper treatment for the other symptoms in time, you should be able to recover within three months, although that may vary depending on your personal lifestyle and habits.

M870: You'd better cherish the life we gave you. Now leave this place with us and link up with Kalina. Hurry!

M870 prepared to help me up, and I made to grab her.

Just then, I heard a clear transmission through the endless sea of static from the comms equipment.

Mature woman's voice: Has Griffin left already...

...

Mature woman's voice: Is this... how it ends...?

Persica's voice: Ange...

Mature woman's voice: Haha, then it can't be helped. I didn't expect things would turn out like this...

M82A1: Commander... aren't you coming?

After hearing that voice, I knew my work here wasn't done yet.

Nyto: Your statement just now and the information you provided earlier matches our records. We can continue our work.

Nyto: You could have withdrawn at the time, but you did not. Instead, you remained where you were and helped to evacuate your other personnel.

Nyto: That is why you possess the information we wish to know.

Nyto: Now, tell us the reason why you did this.

...

M870: What are you saying? You want to stay here, Commander? Are you insane?

M82A1: Human, what are you thinking?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M870: You do know that you're a hell of a lot more important to Griffin than those Dolls and humans, right?

M870: Still, that's the kind of person you are... which is why you're so important...
If choice 2 was picked

M82A1: You can't just leave your faithful logistics officer behind, right?

M82A1: We ought to think of a solution for that, although I do admit... the situation in the Griffin base is critical, and I'm not sure...
If choice 3 was picked

M82A1: Is that person so important? Why are you doing this, human?
If choice 3 was picked

M870: These are the boss' words, but I'll use them to remind you — Commander, you can bring your ideals into war, but you have to face the facts when you're on the battlefield!

M870: Still, that's fine. You don't have to say any more, I understand. You're staying behind, regardless of whether you live or die to help the remaining people fall back. Is that it?

M870: Still, I'd like to remind you that our mission is to get you to the base's airfield and put you on an evacuation chopper, Commander.

M870: Miss Kalin kept nagging about how this was my top priority, even if I had to knock you out... in all honesty, maybe I should.

M82A1: You have let your emotions go to your head, Commander.

M82A1: Although, I believe that is the difference between humans and us Dolls.

M870: M82A1? You...

M82A1: You cannot disobey that order, M870, because the Commander is also protecting Miss Kalin and Griffin.

M82A1: This is our most important mission, more important than any other order we've received so far.

M870: Hmph...

M870: Eh, whatever. It's just extra overtime, anyway.

M82A1: There is an intact command platform and communications equipment here. Relax and give your commands. We will find a suitable terrain from which to protect you.

M870: Don't disappoint me, scumbag. Dying for your arrogant ideals is the most laughable way to go.

M82A1 and M870 pushed open the door and left.

M82A1: Show me what you can do today... as a human who's trusted by all Dolls.

After that, I got to work, completing the final evacuation of the battlefield.

...

Nyto: Your answer tallies with our information for the time being.

Nyto: We now require more recent information.

Nyto: We need to know the location of M4 SOPMOD II of the AR Team. Tell us what she experienced during the mission.

Nyto: Answer us, Griffin Commander.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto: We know she was not.

Nyto: She survived. We witnessed it with our own eyes. So tell us what happened to her.
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto: She was in contact with you. We know that she took part in the final operation to rescue you. She must have told you something.
If choice 3 was picked

Nyto: You are attempting to anger us. It will not work. However, from another point of view you are admitting that she is still alive.

Nyto: You cannot hide it any further. Tell us what that T-Doll experienced. We need to know everything, from the beginning to the end.

Nyto: ...Tell us. That is the only way you will survive.

I consider that I only have a few minutes to spin a tale, to decide whether the story would make us look like heroes, a bunch of luckless fools, or just a pack of corpses.

I also know what lying entails for me, but I don't care. What I need is time, and at the very least they will spare my life. I can imagine what else they can do up to that point, but I can take it.

Hopefully I will still think the same way after they start working me over...

...One hour after the dirty bomb went off, at Griffin's temporary outpost.

Thompson: ...Now you see.

Thompson: There's no way we can get out of this, Boss Kalin.

Kalina: No, we're waiting for you to come back!

Kalina: There must be a way! We—

Thompson: We can't keep this up for long. These bastards are a bunch of monsters, pure and simple.

Kalina: There's been no intel on them at all... Just what on earth...are "they"?

Thompson: Unfortunately, we haven't been able to determine what they are or where they came from even having been locked in a stalemate with them for so long.

Thompson: All we know is that they appeared all of a sudden for one reason: to destroy us.

Kalina: ...But why? I don't get it.

Kalina: Where the hell did they come from? Why are they attacking us...?

Kalina: Not to mention...why now, of all time...?

Kalina: And we...almost got everyone out of here safely...

Thompson: How's the base doing so far?

Kalina: Backup circuits no. 13, 15 and 27 are all damaged... We only have two strongpoints left in the outskirts other than you.

Kalina: All Griffin forces have already withdrawn from the theater so Miss Helian probably has no way of giving us support...

Thompson: Ha, looks like we're done for.

Kalina: We'll think of something; just hang in there!

Thompson: Just kidding. I'll hold out till the bitter end, of course.

Thompson: But my squad needs ammo - both large caliber and small, and you just said—

Kalina: I'll find a way to have a logistics team send them over!

Thompson: That's too risky. They fire indiscriminately on all moving targets.

Kalina: The Commander will come up with a safe route, but that'll take some time so hold on tight.

Kalina: Also, don't expect too much supply. I'm sorry but our inventory is running very low...

Thompson: Every little bit helps. I'll make sure every round finds its way into an enemy's skull.

Kalina: Please, you must survive until our reinforcements arrive!

...A new transmission is patched in.

9A-91: Miss Kalina, status report - we eliminated three detachments from the unknown enemy during our last encounter.

9A-91: The outpost is safe for the time being. We have suffered intermediate losses. Please dispatch ten Dummies to assist us in patching up the line of defense.

Kalina: 9A-91, we...don't have any more Dummies.

9A-91: ...In that case I'd like to request retreating two T-dolls.

9A-91: They have both sustained severe damage in their mainframe. If they do not receive repair...

Kalina: Understood, permission granted. Send them back to us immediately.

9A-91: Much obliged. Executing order at once.

Kalina: Do you know what's the situation with Python's defense echelon? I haven't been able to contact them for a while.

9A-91: Unclear. We were separated.

9A-91: Due to unstable reception, we have temporarily shut down part of our access to the Zener Protocol to avoid Parapluie infection. We are not capable of synchronizing with T-Dolls that are too far from us.

9A-91: However, their defense line appears to be holding from what I can see so they should still be able to maintain it.

Kalina: Roger that. Please keep defending your post. I'll think of a way to send you reinforcements!

9A-91: For everyone's sake, not one step back.

...Transmission terminated.

Kalina: Still...how do I even give them support...?

Kalina: The situation is beyond FUBAR. Can I even get out of this alive...?

Kalina: Being a logistics officer is very safe, they say. How...is this any different than how things used to be...?

...Kalina flips her diary open.

Kalina: If I'm killed in action today...

Kalina: I want to be reincarnated...

Kalina: ...as a fat orange tabby...

Kalina: Hiding in the small bush outside some office building... Other than bringing other stray cats to the feeding spot, I won't need to work at all...

Kalina: Just meow along and—

Kalina: Huh?! A transmission from the Commander!

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

Kalina: Haha... Just...a little...
If choice 2 was picked

Kalina: All T-Dolls in charge of defense are in key positions, just waiting for transport to arrive.
If choice 3 was picked

Kalina: The outposts were attacked by an unknown force. Our defense is stretched really thin...

Kalina: In any case, Miss Ange's intel is accurate. Enemy forces are relatively sparse here. I have also been supplying the defense teams you dispatched. Hopefully we'll make it till extration flight gets here...

Kalina: Huh? Another mission for me?

Kalina: The legendary "Not Found" squad?

Kalina: R...right...if it's for a mission...

Kalina: I have picked up their IFF signals. I'll input them into the command system so that our T-Dolls won't attack them—

??: So this is our liaison?

Kalina: Huh?!!

Kalina: W-who's there?!

416: Are you Fräulein...Kalina, the logistics officer here?

Kalina: That's me, alright...

Kalina: Concurrently manning many other positions as well 'cause we're a bit understaffed here, haha...

416: Then please help us.

Kalina: What? Help? Sure, my job is to help T-Dolls... Wait a minute...

Kalina: I've never seen you before... You—

416: ...

Kalina: Oh! You're 416, aren't you?! I remember now! From Operation Hypothermia!

416: Guten Tag.

416: Not being able to wipe a human's memory seems to be a huge security risk.

Kalina: A-are you still trying to do that?!

416: A physically induced memory loss is worth attempting, although such orders were never given.

Kalina: That's good to hear, haha...

416: Have you not started the retreat?

Kalina: We're still waiting for transport to arrive, but we don't know when exactly it...

416: I trust the Commander has informed you about us?

Kalina: Ah, the Commander just briefed me. I was just about to input your IFF sig...

Kalina: Hold on! I haven't done that yet, so how did you get in here?! There are six layers of defense lines out there—

416: So what?

Kalina: S-so...

Kalina: So that's the reason you're known as the "Not Found" squad...

Kalina: I finally understand why the other T-Dolls fear you so much...

416: And you? Do you fear us, too...?

Kalina: Ahaha...of course not! I'm sure those are all just rumors, haha...

416: Regardless of what you've heard about us in the past, we're just Griffin T-dolls seeking help today.

Kalina: Right, I only know that you're an elite Griffin T-Doll, everything else is way above my paygrade.

Kalina: And since the Commander has given the order, I'll do everything I can to help you.

Kalina: But come to think of it, the Commander's exact words were, "Squad 404 needs your help", so where are your teammates?

Gr G11: (Pants) 41...6...

Gr G11: You were too fast...I can't catch up at all...

416: You're too slow, Gr G11. Did you crawl all the way here? Where are 9 and 45?

Gr G11: 9 moved 45 to a temporary repair site...and Dier is doing a remote inspection on her...

Gr G11: Even if you're worried about 45, you didn't have to run so fast— Ow ow ow ow...

416: Stop spouting nonsense from your stupid mouth!

Kalina: Is this your teammate?

416: Kinda. This is Gr G11, our snipe—

Kalina: She's...so cute!

Kalina: How is such a cute T-Doll also on the "Not Found" squad?!

Gr G11: Ugh...that doesn't sound like a compliment at all...

Gr G11: Why are all the humans I run into so weird...?

416: How dare you say that... She's the logistics officer here, you know?

416: If she wants, she can remove your Imprint this instant and throw you back out onto the street.

Gr G11: Huh?! R-really?! Nein, nein, nein, please don't s-s-scrap me!

Kalina: I won't.

Kalina: Besides, only the Commander has the authority to order a T-Doll dismantled.

Gr G11: Phew... I see...

416: Look at your stupid face; you don't seem anxious at all.

416: Right, bring us to the repair site. Hurry.

Gr G11: Okay, okay! Stop kicking me!

416: Please come with us, Fräulein Kalina. We aren't authorized to allocate resources.

Kalina: What do you need me for...? To save your teammate?

416: Ja. Please, you must save her.

Kalina: ...

...Kalina follows 416 and Gr G11 to the temporary repair site.

416: Are all those T-Dolls in the queue waiting for repair?

Kalina: That's right... The previous battle took a heavy toll on us.

Kalina: On top of that, everyone's neural clouds lost connection to the Griffin's main server, making it impossible to upload their memory.

Kalina: That's why I'm trying to at least restore their mobility so they can hold out until our transport plane gets here.

416: Griffin's neural cloud upload isn't functional right now, you said?

Kalina: Yeah... Our server has been very unstable ever since the Military launched their attack against us.

Kalina: Then the massive explosion completely disconnected us.

Kalina: We haven't been able to get in touch with either HQ or Helian... Our other echelons withdrew yesterday, only the Commander stayed behind...

416: Massive explosion... Was that the dirty bomb with Collapse Fluid...?

Kalina: Dirty bomb?

416: N...nothing. What's the status of the repair site?

Kalina: Very bad...

Kalina: We don't have enough spare parts, the only option for ones we can't repair is to have their neural cloud data backed up.

Kalina: Even so, we can't guarantee all the T-Dolls can be backed up as we only have a limited number of data blocks...

416: If that ends up being the case, you'll have to resort to physical backup...

Kalina: But that method—

Kalina: ...Whoa!

...A T-Doll dashes out from the repair room all of a sudden.

Kalina: Sorry sorry, are you alright?

AK-74U: Even if I wasn't, I should be the one to apologize.

AK-74U: Kalin, do you know where AK-47's logistics team has gone?

Kalina: Oh, 9A-91 asked for someone to pick up the wounded from her echelon so I sent them to carry out the mission.

AK-74U: Then I'm going over to help.

Kalina: Uh, wait, you literally just came out of the repair bay—

...AK-74U leaves paying no heed to her.

Kalina: Oh...she left...

Kalina: Uh, sorry, Miss 416. Where were we?

416: Is that T-Doll always so rude to you?

Kalina: I'm used to it; everyone has their own quirks.

416: You're okay with that?

Kalina: Well...I'm not the one on the frontline, after all.

UMP9: Oh, Gr G11! And 416! Where the hell did you run off to?!

Gr G11: 416 found the logistics officer here. I almost died of exhaustion trying to catch up with her!

Kalina: Just call me Kalin. Is this the injured T-Doll?

UMP9: That's right. UMP45 is our squad leader. She protected us from an explosion and took the brunt of it...

Kalina: Hmm...this is very severe damage... Please back off a bit. I'd like to inspect her condition.

UMP9: S-sure!

Kalina: This doesn't look good at all... Her torso support structure snapped into two; the right arm got torn off by shrapnel; more shrapnels buried in the other limbs...

Kalina: I can't detect her power supply; are both the main and auxillary circuits damaged?

UMP9: Ja... The only thing still working is the backup power supply on the neural core itself. We've shut down most of her systems.

Kalina: Is that so...? That's very decisive of you, but the damage is critical...

Kalina: I don't recommend a repair, especially when the power supply isn't functional.

416: How about a physical backup? At least that'll make sure we can transfer her data...

UMP9: ...A physical backup?

416: Fräulein Kalina has a few data blocks that can be used to store neural data. We can transfer 45's neural cloud in there for now and find a way to get her a new body...

UMP45: Ugh... Wait...

UMP9: 45! Didn't I tell you not to come out of hibernation mode? If you use up all the battery...

UMP45: No...I refuse.

Kalina: Um... Miss 45, the extent of your damage makes repair very difficult.

Kalina: Not to mention your parts... don't seem to be standard parts that Griffin uses. A neural transplant is your best choice at the moment.

UMP45: Transplant...

UMP45: You mean replacing this body...?

416: That's the only way to save you.

416: It's not like you're more entitled to their already limited data blocks. There are a lot of other damaged T-Dolls here.

UMP45: No...

UMP45: I can't...undergo a neural transplant now...

UMP9: Huh? But why, 45?!

UMP9: Even now, you're still...

UMP45: "That" chunk of data isn't stored in my neural cloud... If I'm moved to a new body...

416: Do you wanna die, 45?

416: Isn't your life worth more than all of us combined?

UMP45: (Sneers) Are our lives...worth anything at all?

UMP45: In any case, this body...is more important than my own life...

UMP9: 45, are you really...not doing it?

...UMP45 struggles to shake her head.

416: How about having 9 backup your oh-so-precious data? Data-sharing should be pretty easy since you're the same model, right?

UMP9: No... I...

416: 9, you won't be in combat for a while. You should have enough storage to—

UMP9: 45 and I...aren't of the same model...

416: What...?

416: Seriously...just how many more secrets are the two of you keeping...?

...416 lets out a sigh.

416: Whatever... Looks like we're getting a new squad leader.

UMP45: Isn't that...what you've always wanted...?

416: What I wanted is to finish you off myself, not watching you die here like a piece of trash.

UMP45: Ha... Don't worry, you'll have to wait a long time...

...UMP45 turns toward Kalin.

UMP45: Fräulein Kalin...I know I'm being unreasonable, but I would very much like to keep this body. Please think of a way...

Kalina: A-alright, let me see if I can patch up the power supply system first...

Kalina: Don't worry! The Commander asked me to do everything I can to help you, and I don't plan on letting you down!

UMP45: Danke schön... And please relay my gratitude to the Commander as well. I—

...There is suddenly a commotion from outside the repair room.

??: Outta the way!!

Kalina: W-what is it now?!

AK-74U: Clear the way! Move the wounded to the repair room!

...Seven or eight T-Dolls are carried into the room.

Kalina: 74U? What happened?!

AK-74U: Kalin, I've been looking for you everywhere!

AK-74U: We got ambushed when we were picking up the wounded from 9A-91's team and suffered heavy losses!

AK-74U: The enemies appeared out of nowhere and punched a hole right through our defense line! Judging from the silhouettes, they were not from either Sangvis Ferri or the Military!

Kalina: Not the Military? Then...they're the unknown enemies... Did they already breach the perimeter?!

Kalina: ...Commander! Do you copy? Our outpost were attacked!

AK-74U: That's right, the attackers are currently storming our strongpoint!

AK-74U: There aren't many of them, but they've cut off communication between us and our defense echelons out there!

Kalina: Commander, can you see the situation of our echelons? Please give your orders!

Kalina: Sure...

Kalina: Alright, I'll support you from here!

AK-74U: What did the Commander say?

Kalina: Apparently new troops are coming to reinforce us, but it'll take some time for them to get here.

Kalina: Right now, we need to organize a fireteam to help out the defense echelons out there, but our numbers... Who else is still operational?

AK-74U: I can still go; are there any other T-dolls still mobile?

...A few T-Dolls step forward unsteadily.

AK-74U: Right, you lot come with me.

Kalina: Are those the only T-Dolls we have left? That's a bit...

416: Fräulein Kalina.

416: Are there more openings for this fireteam?

UMP9: ...416?

Kalina: Huh?

Kalina: Are you...in?

416: If this place falls, we can't get out of here either.

Kalina: Then please! I'm updating your IFF signal to the system right now!

416: Danke. Please also establish a direct line of communication to the Commander; I would like to acquire more combat intel.

Kalina: Huh...? Oh, okay! I've set up an encrypted channel; it should be interfaced via your IFF signal now.

AK-74U: Direct communication with the Commander, eh? Not just any T-Doll gets such special treatment.

AK-74U: Who the hell are you?

416: Just a Griffin T-doll temporarily back on duty.

416: You're AK-74U, correct? I hope you won't object to my involvement.

AK-74U: Why would I? We could use all the help we can get.

AK-74U: Just don't die too quickly, I won't mourn for you.

Gr G11: Sh...should I also come and help?

416: We'll be dashing about all the time. With your mobility...just forget it and stay here.

Gr G11: Hnng...

416: 9, Gr G11 and you are the last line of defense.

416: Keep Fräulein Kalina safe; she will fix 45. Leave the rest to me.

UMP9: Sure...

UMP9: But 416...

UMP9: You...you'll come back, right?

416: ...

416: I told you. I won't drop dead before I finish her off myself.

416: Isn't that right, 45?

UMP45: ...That's entirely up to you.

...

416: Commander, this is T-Doll 416. You know I'm here, let's cut to the chase.

416: I am synchronized to Griffin's intel database. Allow me to reiterate the information we have so far.

416: Griffin T-Dolls were attacked by unknown enemies while organizing a retreat. The identity of these enemies are unclear, but judging from their appearance and armaments, we can basically rule out Sangvis Ferri and the Military.

416: Their equipment shows that they are even more technologically advanced than the military units we've seen so far. Furthermore, these enemies seem to be low-tier models. It is highly likely that we will run into even more troublesome enemies.

416: A fireteam has been assembled. Our main objective is to support the T-Doll echelons along the outer defensive line.

416: Griffin T-Dolls are garrisoned in three strongpoints at the moment. We have to help them repel enemy attacks and bring them back.

416: For now, our priority is to eliminate enemy units that are inside the wire before we can get to the defense line. The situation is very dire both in and out the outpost. Please give your orders.

416: Also, if you don't' mind, allow me to serve as your adjutant. I may not be a command-type T-Doll, but I can more or less coordinate a fight on the scene.

416: ...Are you sure you find the arrangements acceptable?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

416: A wise decision. But of course, I understand this is only temporary.
If choice 2 was picked

416: You may not know this, but out of all the T-Dolls here, I probably have the most experience in actual combat. I strongly advise you to accept my suggestion.
If choice 3 was picked

416: I don't mind a joke like that...unless you can actually make me stay.

416: Now, please give your orders, o temporary Commander of mine.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...End of operation. The fireteam eliminated the unknown enemies that invaded the base.

...While the Fairies are patching up the opening, 416 studies the remains on the floor with a deep frown.

416: ...White enemies. Certainly never seen them before.

AK-74U: See? Who knows where they're from.

416: ...But this is beyond strange. Even I have no clue.

AK-74U: Ha, how arrogant.

AK-74U: But I've got to admit you did pretty well just now.

416: So do you trust me now?

AK-74U: Sorry about that. You really are an elite T-Doll.

AK-74U: Looking at your baby face, I honestly thought you were just a random decorative Doll cleaned out from some warehouse to bolster our numbers.

416: I wish I were just some decoration. Wouldn't have to do everything myself.

416: Still, those enemies were much weaker than I expected. Were they the main force?

AK-74U: Don't be ridiculous, these are just a nuisance, the ones that attacked us before were on a completely different level.

AK-74U: The real ones...are unkillable.

416: Unkillable?

AK-74U: Literally, you are not gonna like facing them, enough about that, we've got to move.

416: Wait, so why did they send these low-level units here?

AK-74U: Does that matter? So they sent some cannon fodder this way. That's no big deal, right?

416: We're facing enemies even more unfathomable than the Military. With this level of technology, they won't make reckless moves.

416: I don't recommend setting off right away. We should wait till the base is completely restored—

AK-74U: Huh? Are you joking?

AK-74U: That'd be too late! 9A-91 is still waiting for us!

416: Even so, we can't risk it. The enemy was only testing the water, the real attack will follow!

AK-74U: Every step we take now is a risk!

AK-74U: Listen, 416, time is our most limited resource. My friends are still taking bullets for us on the frontline out there, I can't just leave them for dead!

416: Don't let your feelings get the better of you! You're a Tactical Doll, so obey your orders!

AK-74U: Oh, sure! I'll listen to orders, let the Commander give the order! Order me to stay here!

416: 74U, you...go ballistic at the mention of your friends. Are all T-Dolls at Griffin as undisciplined as you?

AK-74U: I'm not you. I wouldn't leave behind my friends and go on a suicide mission alone.

416: ...Do you have any idea what you're talking about?

AK-74U: You don't even have friends, do you?

AK-74U: I know who you are, Squad 404.

416: ...

416: So what?

416: You don't actually know me, Griffin trash.

...!

...74U grabs 416 by the collar.

AK-74U: I'm not trash! Do you know wh—

416: Watch out!

...416 pushes AK-74U away.

...Bang bang! The spot where they used to be is showered by bullets.

AK-74U: ...! 416!

416: I'm fine! Just a scrape!

416: Protect the Fairies! We're falling back to the construction site!

...New enemy troops come pouring in from the opening, 416 struggles to hold them back.

AK-74U: It-it's them! The main force!

AK-74U: Just like last time, our bullets have no effect!

416: At least slow them down!

416: Where's the rest of our group?! Bring up anyone that can still move!

AK-74U: Got it!

AK-74U: And 416, about what happened just now—

416: This isn't the time! Do your job! Move it already!

416: Sheesh. Griffin is always...full of idiots dragging me down.

...In the Griffin repair room.

UMP9: Sier! Answer me, Sier!

UMP9: Have you guys figured anything out yet? Why can't 45...

UMP9: ...be rebooted at all?!

Sier: Uh, um... Please don't panic...

Sier: It's just that...well...

Dier: Argh, shut up! I shut down her Level II consciousness to save power!

Dier: Stop bothering me; I'm remotely giving her emergency maintenance right now!

Gr G11: Will 45 live?

Dier: The Griffin logistics officer did a good job.

Dier: However, even with the minimal power supply secured, we can only save a few core modules and buy her some time.

Dier: You'll need to move her to a more advanced repair facility for me to sort this out completely!

UMP9: There's no such facility here. We'll need transport to move 45. Could you arrange for that, Sier?

Sier: I'm sorry...but your coordinates are way too dangerous at the moment.

Sier: According to intel, the area is embroiled in conflict among different forces and heavily contaminated by Collapse Fluid. Your temporary base is also under attack...

UMP9: It can't be done?

Sier: Well, it can, anyone willing to take such risks is bound to be pretty expensive...

Sier: As you know, our capital reserve...

UMP9: I don't care how much it costs; just get the best extraction team here ASAP!

Sier: U-understood! I'll do that right awa—

...Beep!

416: 9, how's 45 doing?!

UMP9: I was just talking to Sier and Dier. 45 will probably have to be transferred soon!

416: You can't do that now! The enemies have breached the base!

UMP9: Is it that bad?!

416: We're buying time for the Commander's reinforcements, though I'm not sure what exactly that is.

416: In any case, keep 45 safe with Gr G11, they might break through our defense lines any time.

UMP9: I will, but 416...

UMP9: You know that you no longer owe 45 anything, right?

416: I know. She said so.

UMP9: So...is it time?

416: All I want is to prove myself.

416: But first of all, I must make sure you all survive.

UMP9: Then... we are counting on you, we WILL save 45 here.

Gr G11: Are you alright over there, 416?

416: The Commander is here, and we have a lot of T-Dolls.

416: Make sure you stay alive. We'll meet again.

Gr G11: Even though we don't know when, right?

Gr G11: I just hope...we'll get to fight together one last time.

416: Not this time. I can't carry you on my back anymore.

...Transmission terminated.

416: ...Not to mention, you won't be of much help here anyway.

416: Scheiße! How the hell can we penetrate their armor?! And what the hell are they?!

AK-74U: Save your bullets, this is exactly what I meant. They have force fields designed especially to deflect our ammunition. It's practically impossible to get through them.

AK-74U: But thanks to you, we can at least organize a counterstrike behind the defense line.

416: You're very welcome.

...Bang bang!

AK-74U: 416, I just want to say that I'm very sorry about what I said. Also...

AK-74U: You're pretty dependable...and a lot more capable than all the T-Dolls on the base now.

416: Just do your job; I only care about orders on the field.

AK-74U: Now that you mention it, 416, you remember the Commander's order?

416: Draw the enemies' attention, slow them down, and don't let them find our extraction point.

AK-74U: That's right, if we can't do that, it's over.

AK-74U: 416, our mission is to buy time till the Commander's "reinforcements" get here, not to destroy the enemy, so I don't think we have to stand our ground here—

416: We still don't know when the so-called "reinforcements" will arrive so count on getting lucky.

416: Besides, we don't even know how much we can count on them.

AK-74U: In any case, we can't win on our own, right?

416: One moment you wanna charge in blindly, the next you wanna retreat like a coward, what kind of T-doll are you?

...Bang bang!

AK-74U: (Sighs) I was just making a suggestion, since you said so, I'll stay with you.

AK-74U: I just think we should trust the Commander. After all, you don't have a command module, and this place is not the most defendable...

416: The Commander is still busy mobilizing these "reinforcements". Once that's done, I'll hear from...

...Click.

AK-74U: Ah, here they come.

416: Fire at will, don't fall back.

...

416: Commander, we can't stay holed up here!

416: We can barely hold them off for now, they'll break through other strongpoints in no time!

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

416: Please hurry up! The extraction point will be done for once the enemy realizes that our numbers are pitifully small!
If choice 2 was picked

416: Whatever you have planned, I hope it works!
If choice 3 was picked

416: I sure hope this won't be the last order I ever get!

416: Anyway, we'll obey your order and slow the enemies down...so that the reinforcements can get here safely!

416: But Commander, what exactly are these "reinforcements"? Can they really fight off the enemy?

416: Sorry, it's not that I don't trust you, I simply don't want...

416: ...Nevermind. I'll focus on the mission at hand.

416: Time is running out, here's our objective again: we must strengthen our defense line within the time limit to ensure our reinforcements' safe arrival at the base!

...416 is proactively sustaining the supply line, but the enemy assault is ramping up in intensity.

416: Gather around me, check your ammo, and prepare for the next wave!

AK-74U: 416, can you still hold this point?

AK-74U: Well, it's not like I can be of much help even if you can't.

416: Then why did you even ask?!

AK-74U: Seeing your sour face brings me joy.

416: Why is everyone I met at Griffin like this?!

AK-74U: Birds of a feather flock together, haha.

416: Laugh all you want, we're about to die here.

AK-74U: You don't know that for sure. Didn't the Commander already call for reinforcements?

416: You believe in the Commander?

AK-74U: I can't very well believe in YOU, can I?

416: Why do you always have to believe in something?

AK-74U: Was I supposed to believe in myself instead?

AK-74U: 416, do you even know what "self" is?

416: ...I don't think I even want to know.

AK-74U: Our computational algorithms are called "thinking", while the contradictions created during the process are known as "emotions".

AK-74U: But do we actually have sentience and a "self"?

416: What are you getting at? Pretending to be a philosopher with that grouchy face?

AK-74U: I'm just saying...that's the reason I find it impossible to believe in myself.

...Whirrrrrr—

416: That noise...

AK-74U: But I believe in those that believe in me.

...BOOM! BOOM BOOM!

416: Commander? Ja! Get down everyone, close-range fire support incoming!

AK-74U: Close-range fire support? What's that?

...BOOM! BOOM BOOM!

Another round of violent explosions.

Kalina: The Heavy Ordnance Corps are here!

Kalina: Kept you waiting, huh?

...BOOM! BOOM BOOM!

Vicious salvos pummeled the enemies on the field.

AK-74U: What kind of new toy...has the Commander come up with?

416: This doesn't look like something a PMC should have...

AK-74U: Well, so long as we can win.

AK-74U: Gosh, that was close. I thought they wouldn't make it in time...

416: Didn't you just say to believe in the Commander?

AK-74U: I was just trying to ease your mind. Look at you, getting all high-strung on the field.

416: I simply didn't want to waste the Commander's resources.

...Incoming transmission request.

Kalina: Is everything alright there?

Kalina: Sorry, we just received a message from another strongpoint, Python's team is under attack. Can you head over and lend her a hand?

416: Are those HOCs not enough?

Kalina: I'm afraid not. The enemies are relentless over there, and a Ringleader seems to be present.

AK-74U: Then let's go.

AK-74U: We won't ever get out if we don't tidy up the place.

...Ten minutes later, at Python team's strongpoint.

Python: 74U, took the scenic route, huh?

AK-74U: We just made it out ourselves, but don't worry, the Commander's got some new toys!

Mk 12: Who's that over there? Should I remember her?

416: 416, the Commander's temporary adjutant.

Mk 12: Adjutant? Looks like a rookie to me...

AK-74U: You'd better trust her, she's a veteran compared to people here.

A-91: A veteran? Then why haven't I seen her before?

416: That's because while you're busy getting drunk at the base, I've been working my butt off out there.

A-91: Hey, I never...

Python: That's enough, sisters; let's deal with this Ringleader first before we have a chat, shall we?

416: That one in the distance?

Python: You see her? She hasn't budged at all ever since she got there; it's almost like she's a puppet...

Python: But she's without a doubt the one in command of this attack.

416: No information about her at all?

416: (Somehow...that face...)

Python: We don't even know if "it" can even speak.

416: The Commander's online again, I'll make contact.

416: You're Python, right? Please reassemble your echelon.

Python: Ha, you've got bravado, rookie.

Python: But I like that.

AK-74U: You've got eyes on you, 416.

416: ...Like I care.

416: As you can see, Commander, the enemies are continuing their attack on the outpost.

416: They have mobilized a lot more units this time, and the Ringleader is probably the biggest threat.

416: We'll need your HOCs, is that alright?

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

416: Very well, but keep an eye on supply consumption, our resources are very scarce.
If choice 2 was picked

AK-74U: Da, just like last time! Hurry up!
If choice 2 was picked

416: 74U, show the Commander more respect.
If choice 3 was picked

416: ...You'll soon realize I am irreplaceable.

416: Commander, I don't know how you got your hands on these HOCs.

416: But they're going to be invaluable for the battles ahead.

416: Make good use of them and annihilate the enemies in the outpost.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Battle concludes. The enemy assault on the outpost is successfully repelled.

...Under the covering fire from the HOCs, the outpost soon settles down again. The Griffin T-Dolls begin inspecting the damage through the pervasive smoke and dust.

Mk 12: I didn't think we'd actually survive.

Mk 12: We were just taking a one-sided beating, it feels so surreal now.

A-91: The stuff that the Commander brought along is pretty powerful.

Python: 416, thanks to you, our coordination with the Commander was seamless.

416: Don't mention it. Rather, I wouldn't live up to the position of adjutant if I hadn't done that.

AK-74U: We can relax for now with them protecting the base.

AK-74U: So what do we do now? Can we get on with rescuing the ones at the other strongpoints?

416: Feeling restless again?

AK-74U: My friends are still waiting for help. Although... it might be too late now.

Kalina: Don't worry. According to our sources, the enemy blockade beyond the perimeter shows no sign of waning, which means they're still alive for the time being.

Python: Miss Kalin, is the extraction point completely secured?

Kalina: Yep, thanks for repelling the enemies! While their attention was diverted, a lot of our T-Dolls have been repaired. They're now standing by in multiple defensive positions.

Kalina: Moreover, the first transport squadron has arrived!

416: The withdraw is finally underway?

Kalina: That's right, but right now the priority is to evacuate the wounded and non-combat personnel. You may have to stay behind for now and fight.

AK-74U: (Sighs) I wouldn't leave even if I could. 9A-91 is still waiting for me.

AK-74U: But now that reinforcements are here, we can go all out, right?

Kalina: Miss 416, your squad is a special case and has an injured member. Would you like to evacuate first?

416: I'm staying.

Kalina: Pardon?

416: You don't have to consider us for the evacuation, we have our own arrangements. Besides, saving more T-Dolls is also more guarantee for our safety.

416: Instead of trusting this bunch of idiots on the base...I'd rather put my experience to good use.

A-91: Hey, we heard that.

Mk 12: That was mean, but then again you're the adjutant, say what you want!

Kalina: Thank you, 416. You've been immensely helpful.

416: More like, how did you even manage before this...?

Kalina: The Commander's work will be over soon, you'll only have five more minutes to catch your breath, make the most of it.

Python: Miss Kalin, may I join the fireteam?

Kalina: Huh? Are you going, too?

Python: Since the base is safe for the time being, I'd rather be where I'm needed.

Python: After all, the T-Dolls out there are in grave danger, every bit of help increases our chance of victory.

Mk 12: I'm going as well! I won't let a rookie look down on me!

AK-74U: Uh, I told you she's not a rookie. You, on the other hand, are fresh out of IOP's factory, aren't you...?

A-91: Count me in, too. I really want to see for myself what you're made of.

Kalina: 416, are you okay with leading these T-Dolls?

416: A bunch of headstrong simpletons...

416: I have no objection as long as they follow my orders.

AK-74U: Haha... In any case, we're the only ones here to help.

AK-74U: Welcome to Griffin's Expendables, 416!

416: ...What kind of dumb name is that?

416: It's even lamer than "404"...

...Strongpoint No.2 at Griffin's temporary extraction point.

416: Commander, we've arrived in the vicinity of Strongpoint No.2. Allow me to report on the situation.

416: Strongpoint No.2 is currently under concentrated shelling of enemy artillery. The structures that the enemies air-dropped pose a serious threat to our effort.

416: We must prioritize destroying these structures before we can launch the rescue mission.

416: But even after we commence the operation, every target location will still be under fire, making it difficult for us to save all trapped echelons in there.

416: Commander, we are severely understaffed; frankly, I do not recommend aiming to rescue everybody.

416: However, considering the following battles, we do need to save all our allies in this strongpoint.

416: Focusing too much on destroying our enemies will only be a waste of precious time, so I'll need you to lead your echelons to tear open the enemy blockade, then my team will rush in to get our allies out.

...

Python: Got everything across to the Commander?

416: Ja, the Commander will create an opportunity for us to push in and get our friends out.

416: Do you know who the leader in this strongpoint is?

Python: No idea, I didn't have time to sync my data. Do you know anything, Mk 12?

Mk 12: I was busy defending the base, how would I have time to find out?!

Mk 12: How about A-91? ...Nevermind, she's drinking.

416: We're about to charge into enemy fire, your friend's life is hanging by a thread, and you don't even know who she is? How could you be so unprepared?

Python: I admit we are not experienced enough.

416: Then consider everything extra carefully, or you'll die from your own stupidity instead of enemy artillery.

Mk 12: Hey, you yourself haven't synced your data either!

416: I just got here. I didn't have time to obtain all relevant information.

A-91: Ha...so you're as unprepared as us.

416: ...Listen, I'm not saying all this to lay the blame on you, but any reckless decision is fatal on the battlefield.

416: We only have a single objective - rescue as many allies as we can and get back alive!

AK-74U: 416, I finished scouting around the strongpoint—

AK-74U: What's wrong?

416: I've had enough! These T-Dolls are too damn inefficient!

AK-74U: Chill, most of Griffin's elite combat forces were expended in the previous battles. It's already quite a stretch pulling T-dolls from logistics teams.

416: Tsk...

416: Then do you know who the leader in this outpost is?

AK-74U: She's the reason I came on this mission...

AK-74U: It's 9A-91. Haven't I already told you?

416: 9A-91 is the leader here... You didn't find out about that from a sync, did you?

AK-74U: I know the answer to your question. Isn't that all that matters?

416: (Studies the screen) ...Then she's our first rescue target.

416: Listen up. The Commander will focus everything on dealing with the blockade. Since I'm not equipped with a command module, you'll just have to wait for my verbal signal.

416: I need you to execute my orders immediately without any hesitation or doubt, affirmative?!

416: Now check your gear and await your orders!

...Meanwhile, inside Strongpoint No.2.

9A-91: Is the shelling...still going? I can't hear anything else.

...9A-91 puts down her pen.

9A-91: Guess I'll just leave it at there, and put my diary away.

...9A-91 looks around the room and hides it beneath an ammo box.

9A-91: I suppose...the Commander won't be coming.

9A-91: AK-74U and Val...

9A-91: This is it. Hopefully when I wake up again, my diary will still be intact.

9A-91: I hope I'll remember you, next time...

...The Commander successfully creates an opening in the enemy blockade.

416: Now! Everyone make a run for Strongpoint No.2! Hurry!

Python: You heard that? Let's go!

A-91: Hold on, we are still being bombarded!

416: It won't ever stop! Now follow me! Hurry!

...416 yells as she charges toward Strongpoint No.2.

Mk 12: Th...that's way too risky! We can't possibly—

...BOOM!

Mk 12: Whoa—!

Python: Mk 12!

416: Don't stop! Keep running!

A-91: How could we?!

AK-74U: 416, we've been—

AK-74U: Oh...she ran off...

AK-74U: (9A-91...)

AK-74U: ...Dammit! I'll go after her. Catch up when you can!

...416 dashes toward the entrance and kicks the door open.

416: 9A-91, take your people and come with me!

9A-91: You're...

416: A rescuer from Griffin. Stop wasting time, leave everything but your weapon and ammo. Schnell! Schnell!

9A-91: Right! Everyone get up and follow me out of here!

...416 leads the trapped echelon out of the strongpoint.

AK-74U: Pick up the pace; the enemies are about to rush in!

9A-91: 74U, you came!

AK-74U: Sorry for being late. Let's go!

9A-91: I'm glad... But why are there only two of you?

416: We have a fireteam... Scheiße! Where are they?

...Bang bang! The T-Dolls come under heavy gunfire.

9A-91: Ah!

AK-74U: 9A-91!

416: Everyone get down! Prepare to counterattack!

9A-91: I...I'm fine... I...

416: Stay quiet. I know!

AK-74U: 416, 9 o'clock!

416: Scheiße! With just the few of us—

...Bang bang!

...Bang bang bang!

...The hail of bullets stops, and a few familiar T-Dolls come running towards them.

Python: Sorry we're late. Just now...

416: Not now; let's go! Hurry up!

416: Mk 12 and A-91, keep 9A-91 safe; she's hurt!

Python: Let me do it. I'm stronger and my firepower isn't much help—

416: Listen to what I say and don't make me repeat myself! Quick! Suppressive fire! Center peel!

...Ten minutes later, Griffin's fireteam retreats from the blockade with the trapped T-Dolls. Peace in the security area has been restored.

Python: 416, we...

416: If you're going to apologize, I don't want to hear it.

Mk 12: But we should still explain ourselves...

416: It was all your fault.

A-91: But Mk 12 was knocked off her feet by an artillery shell. We couldn't possibly—

416: What if she had died right there?

A-91: Hey, how could you say that—

Mk 12: I'm sorry. It was my fault.

416: You didn't do anything wrong. No one can dodge all bullets and shrapnels on the field.

416: Don't forget we ARE on the battlefield - injury and death can happen to us any second.

416: But when our sole objective is to reach the outpost on the other side, the more time you waste on second-guessing an unavoidable outcome, the longer you put yourself and your companions in danger!

Python: We can't ignore the safety of our friends. We only joined Griffin not long ago and we only know each other.

416: I'm not telling you to ignore each other's safety, but I said you had to listen to me!

A-91: But what if you were wrong?

416: At least I was willing to take the chance! You won't gain anything if you never take risks!

416: Just now, any of us could've been hit by shrapnel or blasted to bits, but it was the only way to win!

Python: Say, that's your way. We're not used to it—

416: It's the professional way!

416: It's experience humans paid thousands of lives for - lives that they don't get to live again, and it was the only way for us to accomplish our mission!

...416 takes a deep breath.

416: No matter how good a T-Doll's specs are, if she's inexperienced and won't obey orders, she'll only be a consumable item on the battlefield.

416: Humans may think of us as expendables, but what about ourselves? Do YOU want to be something like that?

416: I'm not here to organize a picnic, guys. Do as I say and we'll all get home.

416: Next time, I expect no delays when I demand synchronized execution of an order, period.

...416 stalks off to AK-74U's side.

416: Is 9A-91 okay?

AK-74U: I wouldn't just sit here if she weren't.

416: So you saw the whole thing.

AK-74U: Da, you were really flaunting your authority as an adjutant, 416.

416: Griffin has a clear set of combat procedure. How did things still turn out this way?

AK-74U: We're just a PMC. A lot of our T-Dolls are only tasked with patrols and logistics missions and have never stepped foot on a battlefield. Not everyone is privileged enough to be installed with the best combat database.

416: Newbie or not, patrols or not, that's not a good excuse.

AK-74U: There's another reason - our neural clouds can be backed up. Memories mean more to us than our lives.

416: So that's why you value your friends more than yourselves.

AK-74U: At least they followed you in the end and didn't run off on their own, right?

416: We are Tactical Dolls, the Commander's pawns on the battlefield. It's what we're expected to do.

416: Regardless of what you usually value the most, nothing matters more than your orders now...

AK-74U: Da, da, life isn't worth crap... And who was it that just told the others not to treat themselves as consumables?

416: ...It's a different story when it comes to working with humans.

416: Now that I think about it...you seem to know a lot.

AK-74U: I joined Griffin a long time ago.

AK-74U: It's just that I kept having problems and undergoing modifications, until I finally ended up the way I am.

416: ...

AK-74U: We didn't WANT to be like this, 416.

AK-74U: The humans created us this way - even the traits that you find so irritating.

416: Being an adjutant is even more a pain in the butt than I thought.

416: After all, my previous teammates were all T-Dolls that could coordinate with each other perfectly. We're used to carrying out missions way more dangerous than this one.

416: But this time, all I need to do is to bring everyone home alive... I thought it was going to be easy.

AK-74U: Pffft...

AK-74U: Hahahahaha!

416: What's so funny?

AK-74U: You're always making such a surly face, but you're probably a really kind-hearted Doll.

416: I'm just doing my job.

AK-74U: And didn't you pick this job?

416: I did it to protect my friends.

AK-74U: You're a pro, I get it.

AK-74U: Still, things don't always go your way. Now that you're faced with difficult circumstances...are you gonna give up?

416: I have no choice but to rely on you. Isn't that right, Python?

...The others walk up to 416 one after the other.

Python: You may not want to hear it, but I still want to apologize again.

Python: ...From now on, we'll obey your orders without question.

Mk 12: We won't hesitate even in the most dangerous situation.

A-91: Next time, even if you order us to be meat shields, we'll do it.

416: That's not enough...

416: You must do it IMMEDIATELY.

416: It's almost time. Get ready to move to our next location.

Later...Strongpoint No.3 in Griffin's temporary base.

9A-91: Miss Thompson is in charge of defending Strongpoint 3.

AK-74U: If it's her, the enemies are probably having a hard time, right?

416: Whoever it is, facing this kind of bombardment can only mean certain death.

416: I can say for sure...the shelling is even more intense than before.

Python: With one fewer target to surround, they can concentrate their fire.

416: To be honest, this rescue mission will be way more difficult than the last.

416: I'm not sure our previous maneuver would work.

416: Even if it does...will the imminent sacrifices and expenses be worth it...?

A-91: Hey, we just pledged our absolute obedience to you; now you're getting cold feet?

Python: A-91!

416: I understand your concern, but I'm merely stating my objective analysis of the situation.

416: The Commander will make the ultimate decision.

Mk 12: Are we...giving up on Miss Thompson?

416: That's not what I meant. However...

416: If the Commander agrees with me, I hope you'll be prepared.

AK-74U: I understand. We're...pawns on the battlefield, right?

...

416: Commander, here's my sitrep on Strongpoint No.3.

416: This location is also within range of the enemy's artillery fixtures. If you insist on mounting the rescue, it may take a heavy toll on our manpower and resources.

416: Not to mention, I'm not certain we will succeed.

416: If it's only to defend the outpost, we can manage with this skeleton crew.

416: Perhaps withdrawing to the extraction point is the most logical course of action...

416: Though I know the decision to abort the rescue will torment you more than going ahead with it.

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

416: Is that so? Then you'd better make ample preparation.
If choice 2 was picked

416: If you're confident in your stockpile of resources, we COULD try our luck.
If choice 3 was picked

416: They're fully prepared for this, Commander, and so am I.

Mk 12: Make up your mind, Commander!

Mk 12: You can't be even more indecisive than a Doll, right?

416: Having a short temper as your factory setting can't exactly be called "being decisive".

A-91: Thompson is still waiting for rescue!

A-91: If we don't start moving now, enemy fire will soon come raining down on us too!

416: Commander, you can make your final decision depending on the actual circumstances in the coming battle.

416: On another note, we've noticed that some abandoned troops from the Military are standing guard along our route. It will be difficult to take them head-on, but if we seize the comms station nearby, we can disable the military troops. It's up to you, Commander.

416: Time is running out, we have to start the operation soon!

...Meanwhile, inside Strongpoint No.3.

Thompson: Guys.

Thompson: This is our last batch of ammo, sent to us by a logistics team during the brief window when the attack eased off. It was delivered by drone, so it's not much. Sorry.

...Thompson stands before her subordinates and drops a few ammo boxes on the table.

Thompson: Today could be the last day we serve together.

Thompson: If you've had any beef with me, I apologize.

Thompson: We are coming up against a completely unknown but very well-armed enemy - we don't stand much of a chance at all.

Thompson: The Commander might come to our rescue, but even in the best-case scenario, I can't promise we'll all get to witness that moment.

Thompson: What I can promise...is that I will never abandon you.

Thompson: What I can also promise...is that I will fight to my last breath.

Thompson: If anyone makes it out alive, please remember me.

...The rescue mission comes to an end. The group is making its way back to the base.

Mk 12: Are you okay, 416?

AK-74U: You look even moodier than me.

416: I...did something terrible.

Mk 12: It was the Commander's decision. Besides...I think it's the most suitable decision based on the circumstances.

416: I'm not so sure... If I hadn't made the suggestion...

AK-74U: It would be neglect of duty on your part, Miss Adjutant.

Mk 12: It's your job to provide objective insights, no matter how unpleasant they may be.

416: You don't seem too bothered.

Mk 12: This is the battlefield; we're all prepared for the worst.

Mk 12: Of course, I'm still very grateful that you saved me and kept my "ambition" alive.

416: What's your "ambition"?

Mk 12: Depends. It's different every time.

416: Every time?

Mk 12: Every time...I wake up...

Mk 12: I adopt a new lifestyle based on my past memories. Do you understand?

416: What an extravagant way of life, it's beyond my comprehension.

Mk 12: Is that so...? But you will understand eventually.

Mk 12: I'll scout ahead.

... Mk 12 walks off.

AK-74U: 416...

416: Are you trying to cheer me up as well?

AK-74U: I don't think you're in the mood.

AK-74U: But you've won everyone's recognition, haven't you?

416: I'm not the kind of Doll who does things for recognition.

AK-74U: I find that hard to believe.

AK-74U: I think you actually CRAVE recognition, isn't that right?

416: I don't know you well enough to discuss such things with you.

AK-74U: Then why don't you join us?

416: ...What do you mean?

AK-74U: I told you; I know something about you.

416: ...You shouldn't.

416: You should also know that I am authorized to have all of your neural clouds shut down permanently anytime.

AK-74U: Don't get all huffy with me, I'm not scared of what you can do.

AK-74U: Still, you don't plan on staying while you had the chance?

416: I have plans of my own.

416: This is just a temporary partnership. You'd better not get too close to me.

AK-74U: Say, you do have a choice, don't you?

416: Stop it, you don't know me at all.

AK-74U: But I know you're not happy where you are.

AK-74U: You want out, right?

...!

...416 grabs AK-74U by the throat.

AK-74U: ...!

416: You have no idea what I've gone through.

AK-74U: ...

AK-74U: 4...16...

AK-74U: I understand...this "escape" that you've gone through...

416: ...!

Python: Enough, 416.

416: ...Just playing around.

...416 releases her grip.

Python: This isn't the time to joke around. Did you hear the Commander's hail?

...Beep, 416 receives the transmission.

416: ...Right, copy that.

416: We'll be on our way.

AK-74U: A new mission?

416: The enemies have shown up as expected, Strongpoint No.76.

AK-74U: No.76? But that place isn't manned at all?

416: What...?

AK-74U: We're understaffed so a lot of our strongpoints are empty. What's the point in occupying such a place?

A-91: Maybe they're just doing it for fun.

416: Don't open your mouth until you put down your bottle.

A-91: You're in a bad mood; I understand.

416: We need to chase them off. The Commander said that strongpoint is too close to the extraction point. It's not good if it falls into enemy hands.

Mk 12: 416, we've discovered a few T-Doll signals ahead, we need you to go and confirm them.

416: Are they enemies?

Mk 12: Not entirely... Part of the signal is Sangvis, but most of it is Griffin.

416: What's that supposed to mean?

Mk 12: Python says you'll know how to deal with it.

416: Me...?

Python: Why are you so surprised?

Python: This is the reason why I ran all the way from the front to the back, looking for you.

416: Other than pulling the trigger, I don't know what else to do with a Sangvis.

Python: You'll know when you see.

Python: You're both "special" T-Dolls. I think you two probably know each other.

...Two minutes later.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah! RO, we're here! We're here!

M4 SOPMOD II: Look! It's the safe zone! We're safe!

RO635: What happened at HQ?!

RO635: SOP-II! If you don't tell me, don't even think about stepping foot into the security zone!

M4 SOPMOD II: Arghhhh! My right leg is out of control!!

416: Shut it.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...?!

RO635: You...you're...

416: What are you dawdling for? Regroup already!

M4 SOPMOD II: This T-Doll... Who is she again? She looks kinda familiar...?

416: You find too many people familiar, hurry up and get over here.

416: The enemy is about to launch their next attack. We must get everyone out of here before that.

Cx4 Storm: Enemy? The Military already got this far?

416: It's a new faction.

Cx4 Storm: A new faction?

Cx4 Storm: Not the Military?

Cx4 Storm: Not Sangvis Ferri either?

Cx4 Storm: Then who are they?

416: No idea.

416: All we know is that they want to kill us deader than dead.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh...is that so?

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, I don't mind as long as they're something I can kill.

416: That's the problem.

416: Those things...that want to kill us...

416: They're...unkillable.

...

416: At least they were a few hours ago. Now it's sorted.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

416: Let's go.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wait, was that a joke? Did I miss the punch line or something?

416: I said, let's GO!

...

416: Commander, we're heading towards Strongpoint No.76 to repel the white enemies' attack.

416: By the way, we happened to have picked up...

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander! Commander! Commander!

...Click!

...416 forcibly switches off SOP-II's comms channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey! That was really mean, 416!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO couldn't even say a word!

RO635: L-leave it, just let the Commander think I died...

416: We picked up SOP-II and RO from the AR Team along the way; Storm and her echelon are also with them.

416: They look a bit...different, but at least they can still move about.

RO635: I can't move about! I'm not free at all!

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes, Commander! I've been through a lot, but I'm finally back!
If choice 2 was picked

RO635: I...I...I'm on SOP-II's shoulder. Th-this is just a temporary arrangement! I was forced into it!
If choice 3 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah! I also knew I'd see you again, Commander!
If choice 3 was picked

RO635: Well...at least we're still alive. I'm glad you're okay, Commander.

416: Save the chit-chat for later. We're about to arrive at Strongpoint No.76.

416: Commander, since we didn't rescue all the trapped echelons, we'll have a tough battle ahead of us.

416: Please prepare for all possibilities and do your best in completing this objective.

...Strongpoint No.3. The Commander finally managed to create an opening in the enemy blockade.

416: Now, move! Watch out and dodge the artillery fire!

...BOOM!

...A shell exploded right next to 416.

AK-74U: 416!

416: Don't mind me! Carry out my order! Quick!

416: 74U, what are you doing?!

...AK-74U grabs 416 and drags her behind cover.

AK-74U: I decide how to execute your order.

AK-74U: Stay alive. Don't die.

...AK-74U catches up with Python and the others, and makes for the strongpoint.

416: ...What a bunch of garbage.

416: No matter how I try to train them, I just can't turn them into 404...

416: I suppose that's the difference in our levels of professionalism...

416: Or perhaps...I should change a little...?

Mk 12: Stop! Hold your fire! It's Griffin!

Thompson: Ohhhh, it's you! I thought—

A-91: Don't you dare kick the bucket just like that, you still owe me a drink!

Thompson: I'm glad you remember!

Thompson: Hurry! Everyone out of the building! Follow Python and the others! Go!

416: After all, this group of garbage...

416: ...managed to do what I couldn't...

...20 minutes later, at a temporary Griffin camp.

Thompson: Hey, so you're 416, eh?

416: Fräulein Thompson, nice to meet you.

Thompson: Is this the first time we've met?

416: Of course?

Thompson: Indeed, I haven't heard of you before, but I've heard all about everything you did today. You're Griffin's hero.

416: A hero who spent the entire rescue mission skulking behind cover?

Thompson: You whipped these rookies fresh out of IOP's factory into such good shape. That's a lot more impressive than crashing through enemy ranks all by yourself.

416: What did they do to deserve such generous praise from an ace like you?

Thompson: They braved the enemy's artillery fire with no means of communication and came charging into the strongpoint to get us out of danger.

416: That's the least they could do, it was our objective, after all.

Thompson: But they were disciplined and orderly throughout the process - not a single mistake.

Thompson: If it weren't for your wealth of experience, 416, it would've been impossible to improve their coordination so much in just a few hours.

416: I am indeed no stranger to the battlefield, but this isn't the time for telling stories.

416: Or...are you that desperate to learn about me?

Thompson: Leave it for now, but I like that look in your eyes; I could use a partner like you in my next interrogation assignment.

Thompson: Still, I'm just trying to express my gratitude. Griffin has nurtured a lot of reliable comrades-in-arms while I wasn't looking.

Thompson: It's an honor to meet you. I hope we'll have more opportunities to work together in the future.

416: I can't say for sure. It's entirely up to the organization I belong to. Maybe it'll never happen again.

Thompson: Then I'll treasure it this time.

...Thompson waved and walks off.

AK-74U: You seem to be alive.

416: The "seem to" is superfluous, and "alive" is overrated.

AK-74U: Looks like we didn't disappoint you.

416: I didn't anticipate this outcome. You did well enough - without me.

AK-74U: That's what it truly means to be a Tactical Doll, right?

AK-74U: We aren't just pawns; we make our own judgments, and trusting you is one of them.

416: What was that judgment based on?

AK-74U: You saved 9A-91, you saved my friends. I know you'll save even more.

416: Friends are important, but seeing that we're on the battlefield, we must be prepared to lose everything.

AK-74U: Do you have friends, 416?

416: ...

416: I'm not sure if "they" count.

AK-74U: When you get caught in a blast, will they run over to help you?

416: No, they know I'll think of a way to get myself out of trouble.

AK-74U: Having friends could be a way.

416: It's not one I'm particularly comfortable with, I do well enough on my own.

416: It's time. Let's move.

...416 stood up and prepares to leave.

AK-74U: Won't you even consider staying?

416: ...?

AK-74U: If you stay at Griffin, you can try different ways.

AK-74U: Not just having friends, but other possibilities as well. We know even you aren't omnipotent.

416: I won't have the chance.

416: Maybe next time.

Later...at Strongpoint No.4 in Griffin's temporary base.

416: 74U, give me your take on the situation.

AK-74U: From an optimistic point of view, it's FUBAR.

AK-74U: Not only is Strongpoint No.4 under intense bombardment, it's even surrounded by the enemy's heavy armored troops.

AK-74U: All the tactics I can come up with will blow up in our face.

416: What about the trapped T-Dolls?

Python: They're led by MP40, do you know her?

416: As I recall, she isn't an elite T-Doll, so why is she the leader of an outpost?

Mk 12: Strongpoint No.4 was abandoned. She led a logistics team to deliver ammo to Miss Thompson and ended up being trapped in there.

A-91: Simply put, it was an unfortunate accident.

Mk 12: Fortunate, you mean. They'd have been destroyed along the way otherwise.

Python: The building was under the HOCs' cover and the Fairies' protection, so it hasn't fallen yet.

Python: However, once the enemies gather for real, it'll crumble just like that.

Mk 12: Should we...rescue them?

A-91: It's not exactly cost-effective, is it?

416: Since when did you become...like this?

Python: We're weighing our options objectively - whether the returns are worth the risk.

416: You learn fast and you learn well.

AK-74U: Not to mention, judging by MP40's personality, she won't turn into a nasty ghost and bother us even if we give up on her.

416: That was rude.

AK-74U: Just stating facts.

416: So you'd crash someone's birthday party and tell them they're gonna die one day?

AK-74U: It's fine if this person can't beat me up.

AK-74U: MP40? I don't think she stands a chance against me.

416: So, do you all agree to abandon this last echelon?

AK-74U: (Snickers) ...

All: Certainly not!

416: ...I knew it.

416: Griffin is always...

416: ...full of idiots dragging me down.

416: Guess I'll just slow down a bit myself.

...Meanwhile, in Strongpoint No.4.

...MP40 snaps open her pocket watch. The second hand takes its last tick.

System Notice: ...Unable to upload neural cloud. Please retry.

MP40: Forget it. Just close the window.

...MP40 closes her pocket watch, untangles the chain, and puts it carefully into a box.

MP40: Even the most orderly formation will be crushed by artillery fire...

MP40: Guess I shouldn't get my hopes up...

...MP40 gets up on her feet.

MP40: We've done our best.

MP40: We helped Fräulein Thompson and Fräulein Kalina. There's nothing else we can do.

MP40: I want to live, but the enemy's artillery...will consume this place any minute.

MP40: I want you all to write everything down so that you won't forget what happened here and now.

MP40: I also want to say something inspiring so that we can face the final moment with courage.

MP40: But...what I want most is to cherish the time we have left.

MP40: This is the last day we'll be partners, let's cherish this moment.

MP40: I'm very happy to be part of Griffin...so...

MP40: Commander...please...

...

416: Commander, this is the last strongpoint.

416: You've seen what it's like over there. To be honest, I strongly advise against rescuing MP40.

416: Saving a logistics team is going to cost us dearly and put us in great jeopardy.

416: They can be helpful in our subsequent battles, but do consider the cost.

416: Still, the final decision is yours.

416: We're about to engage the enemy.

416: Forgo the rescue or take the risk - I'll trust you no matter your decision, Commander.

...Strongpoint No.4. The Commander's echelons finally broke through the blockade!

...However—

...BOOM! BOOM!

416: It's not working! The enemy artillery is still too heavy!

416: Stay in cover!

...Enemy bombardment is severely hindering the fireteam's progress.

AK-74U: We can't hide here forever, 416!

AK-74U: Artillery fire will destroy the building any minute!

416: It's suicide if we go out now!

AK-74U: We're almost there! How can we give up now?!

AK-74U: Then the Commander's effort will be for nothing!

416: Dying here will truly render it all for naught!

AK-74U: We won't gain anything if we never take risks, that's what you said!

416: It's also something I absolutely hate hearing...

416: I...don't actually like taking risks to begin with.

416: (Perhaps 404 doesn't actually suit me.)

416: (Perhaps...I should find a better place to belong to.)

A-91: Hey, are you giving up just like that? In a place like this?

416: ...What?

A-91: Then stand aside. It's time for us rookies to steal the spotlight.

Mk 12: We should be able to cover this distance.

Python: Then let's activate our secret weapon!

...Whirrr.

416: That's...?!

Taunt Fairy: Hey, why are you staring at me like that?

Taunt Fairy: If you think I'm a mirror, allow me to remind you that this pretty face doesn't suit you at all!

416: What...are you guys up to?!

Mk 12: Go and deliver the information!

A-91: Watch out for artillery fire! Wanna steel yourself with a swig of vodka?

AK-74U: Are you sure...this is gonna work?

Python: All that needs to be done is to send the coordinates over, right?

Python: Then why must we go ourselves?

416: But how will a Fairy drone give them cover as they make their way out?

A-91: They're one of the oldest logistics teams at Griffin. No one knows the emergency routes better than them.

Mk 12: The Fairy will lead them on the relatively safest route, then we'll give them cover with our smoke grenades!

Mk 12: We'll just have to concentrate on suppressing enemy fire!

AK-74U: Provided that...the Fairy can make it there safely.

AK-74U: Oh right, did you tell her how to bypass the security lock on the door?

Mk 12: Now that you mention it...

Taunt Fairy: Ahhhhhh! I'm gonna get bombed!

Python: Watch out!

...BOOM!

...The blast sends the Taunt Fairy crashing into the door of the outpost.

MP40: Huh?

MP40: Was that...a knock? Hmm?

MP40: Is someone...knocking on the outside?

Taunt Fairy: Idiot! Idiot! Do you not even know how to open a door? Hurry up!

MP40: Our drone?! Why are you—

Taunt Fairy: Idiot! Griffin is here to rescue you!

Taunt Fairy: You bunch of idiots! I fly very fast, so make sure you don't fall behind!

MP40: Huh? Oh, ja! Everyone with me!

AK-74U: They got out!

AK-74U: Throw all the smoke grenades you have!

416: Suppressing fire!

Mk 12: They've run into the smoke screen! But the enemies are now firing at the obscured area!

416: Tsk... It's up to their luck if they can make it out alive...!

...Five minutes later.

AK-74U: Huh...that's unexpected...

A-91: They all got out...

Mk 12: Maybe they're used to running logistics...so they run pretty fast...?

MP40: Tactical Doll MP40 from Griffin, reporting back for duty!

416: Got it. Take a good rest first and prepare for more battles ahea...

416: ...Whoa!

...Puff!

...MP40 gives 416 a bear hug.

MP40: Danke. Thank you so much for saving us!

416: It's all thanks to the Commander and everyone here.

416: You survived. That was simply our mission.

MP40: I thought...we were going to be left behind! I-I shouldn't have assumed that!

416: Don't get too worked up. We did consider that option.

MP40: Ja...it's only natural...

MP40: All the more reason to thank you!

416: ...I accept your gratitude.

416: Rest up. We have a tough fight ahead of us and we'll need you to work your share.

...416 excuses herself from MP40 and rejoins the fireteam.

Python: Oh look, our brave hero returnth.

AK-74U: You did the impossible and saved so many trapped T-Dolls. Got anything boastful to say?

416: Don't let down your guard. The enemy won't give up just like that.

416: They'll definitely focus all their firepower and deal a massive blow to our base.

416: It's hard to tell whether we'll live through this until then.

Mk 12: Don't worry, we'll listen to you.

416: What if I'm wrong?

A-91: It's all on you then, but no pressure.

416: At least hold back on your alcohol consumption so that you'll keep a clear head for the battles ahead.

416: I don't know what effects alcohol has on your neural cloud, but drinking less is probably better for the operation.

A-91: That's why I drink. The more I drink, the clearer my head.

416: I don't get it...

Python: It's our factory presets, 416. In other words, it's our fate.

416: I don't understand the meaning of such things.

Mk 12: Neither do we. But it's some thing we take joy in, just like fighting battles.

416: ...In a certain sense, you have more courage than me.

AK-74U: It's a bit late to start praising us, don't you think?

416: Just stating facts. I don't mean to praise you.

Mk 12: But it does make me happy!

Python: Enjoy the present, 416.

Python: The present is especially precious because the future is full of danger.

416: ...Then three minutes.

...416's lips twist into a faint smile.

416: Now, would you mind if I play some music?

Shortly later... All T-Dolls that took part in the rescue missions are retreating back to the base.

416: ...Right, copy that.

416: We'll be on our way.

AK-74U: A new mission?

416: The enemies have shown up as expected. Strongpoint No.76.

AK-74U: No.76? But that place isn't manned at all?

416: What...?

AK-74U: We're understaffed so a lot of our strongpoints are empty. What's the point in occupying such a place?

A-91: Could it be for collecting data on us?

A-91: They could be analyzing our defense mechanisms to improve their tactics in preparation for the final offensive.

416: That makes sense. Is it because of the alcohol?

A-91: I killed seven bottles. I'm a proper brainiac now.

416: We need to chase them off. The Commander said that strongpoint is too close to the extraction point. It's not good if it falls into enemy hands.

Mk 12: 416, we've discovered a few T-Doll signals ahead, we need you to go and confirm them.

416: Are they enemies?

Mk 12: Not entirely... Part of the signal is Sangvis, but most of it is Griffin.

416: What's that supposed to mean?

Mk 12: Python says you'll know how to deal with it.

416: Me...?

Python: Why are you so surprised?

Python: This is the reason why I ran all the way from the front to the back, looking for you.

416: Other than pulling the trigger, I don't know what else to do with a Sangvis.

Python: You'll know when you see.

Python: You're both "special" T-Dolls. I think you two probably know each other.

...Two minutes later.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah! RO, we're here! We're here!

M4 SOPMOD II: Look! It's the safe zone! We're safe!

RO635: What happened at HQ?!

RO635: SOP-II! If you don't tell me, don't even think about stepping foot into the security zone!

M4 SOPMOD II: Arghhhh! My right leg is out of control!!

416: Shut it.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...?!

RO635: You...you're...

416: What are you dawdling for? Regroup already!

M4 SOPMOD II: This T-Doll... Who is she again? She looks kinda familiar...?

416: You find too many people familiar, hurry up and get over here.

416: The enemy is about to launch their next attack. We must get everyone out of here before that.

Cx4 Storm: Enemy? The Military already got this far?

416: It's a new faction.

Cx4 Storm: A new faction?

Cx4 Storm: Not the Military?

Cx4 Storm: Not Sangvis Ferri either?

Cx4 Storm: Then who are they?

416: No idea.

416: All we know is that they want to kill us deader than dead.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh...is that so?

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, I don't mind as long as they're something I can kill.

416: That's the problem.

416: Those things...that want to kill us...

416: They're...unkillable.

...

416: At least they were a few hours ago. Now it's sorted.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

416: Let's go.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wait, was that a joke? Did I miss the punch line or something?

416: I said, let's GO!

...

416: Commander, we're heading towards Strongpoint No.76 to repel the white enemies' attack.

416: By the way, we happened to have picked up...

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander! Commander! Commander!

...Click!

...416 forcibly switches off SOP-II's comms channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey! That was really mean, 416!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO couldn't even say a word!

RO635: L-leave it, just let the Commander think I died...

416: We picked up SOP-II and RO from the AR Team along the way; Storm and her echelon are also with them.

416: They look a bit...different, but at least they can still move about.

RO635: I can't move about! I'm not free at all!

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes, Commander! I've been through a lot, but I'm finally back!
If choice 2 was picked

RO635: I...I...I'm on SOP-II's shoulder. Th-this is just a temporary arrangement! I was forced into it!
If choice 3 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah! I also knew I'd see you again, Commander!
If choice 3 was picked

RO635: Well...at least we're still alive. I'm glad you're okay, Commander.

416: Save the chit-chat for later. We're about to arrive at Strongpoint No.76.

416: Commander, we've managed to rescue all the echelons that were pinned down, and they'll be available for the upcoming operation.

416: We have a good chance at victory now, but do pay attention to our resource expenditure and complete our tactical objective cautiously.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Battle concluded.

Mk 12: What a boring fight.

AK-74U: That's probably because we have plenty of manpower to spare.

416: It was just a probing attack, they won't call it a quit at that.

A-91: They're learning everything they can about us, then they'll kill us all in one go.

A-91: I'm guessing the final attack won't be far off.

M4 SOPMOD II: The enemy's gonna launch their final offensive soon; we should head back! Let's go, let's go!

RO635: Whoa! Slow down, SOP-II!

Cx4 Storm: SOP-II! Be careful with RO; she's about to fall off!

AK-74U: Have you given what I said some proper thought, 416?

416: Haven't got the time. Maybe later...

...Whirrrr—!

...An ear-splitting klaxon goes off on everyone's comms.

Kalin: Attention, everyone! The unknown enemies are launching a massive attack on the base!

Kalin: All hands, follow the Commander's instructions and go to your battle stations!

416: So soon?! Those Dolls dressed in black—

416: Still...is this their final offensive...

416: After that, I'll have to be on my way...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you doing, 416? Hurry!

416: Or do I actually have a choice...?

...Perimeter of Griffin's extraction point.

M4 SOPMOD II: 416! 416!

416: Ugh...

M4 SOPMOD II: Thank goodness you're alive!

M4 SOPMOD II: Get up! We have to retreat!

Cx4 Storm: The enemies are too powerful! These Dolls dressed in black aren't any weaker than military units! Where the hell did they come from?!

Mk 12: I should've put more effort in taking notes on their specs!

RO635: SOP-II, don't rush too far ahead! I'll get hit by stray bullets!

416: What a complete mess...

416: Don't panic! Fall back to the defense line!

...Two minutes later.

416: Commander, we're under the enemy's full-scale attack. They're coming at us more fiercely than they've ever done!

416: We're doing everything we can to fight back, but the situation is not looking good at all.

416: I must say...the odds are not in our favor...

M4 SOPMOD II: But we won't give up!

M4 SOPMOD II: I...will never lose to some unidentified mutts!

416: SOP-II...

RO635: Don't admit defeat before the battle is lost, 416!

AK-74U: I must defend this line to my dying breath for 9A-91 and Val!

Cx4 Storm: Everyone at Griffin have only us to count on!

Mk 12: That's right! This is my current "ambition"!

416: ...What a bunch of idiots.

416: Still...looks like I've got no choice.

416: Commander, are you ready?

416: No matter how difficult the fight, for the sake of our companions behind us, we must win!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...End of operation.

Black-clad Doll: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: What a weirdo, do you not even know how to cry in pain? Are you mute?

Black-clad Doll: ...

The Doll clad in black remains utterly expressionless.

M4 SOPMOD II: Nevermind, then let me see...what your body is made out of.

RO635: Don't go too far, SOP-II.

RO635: We should preserve the body to collect more data.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's fine as long as I keep her alive, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: It won't hurt if she's missing an eye or...

Black-clad Doll: You...

Black-clad Doll: ...will not get anything...

Black-clad Doll: ...Activate self-destruct sequence.

RO635: SOP-II! Chop off her hand!

...BOOM!

M4 SOPMOD II: Arghhhhhh!

M4 SOPMOD II: Dammit! I was too late!

M4 SOPMOD II: Self-destruct sequence, my butt! It was just a bomb!

RO635: SOP-II...

RO635: Did you take a good look at the Doll...?

M4 SOPMOD II: No. What about her?

RO635: She...

RO635: ...didn't seem to be a Doll...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you talking about?! Why would they send a human instead of a doll?

RO635: But when she was hit, the red fluid that started leaking...looked more like...

M4 SOPMOD II: It could just be something similar? Hardly a big deal.

416: How are things on your end, SOP-II? Have you captured the Doll?

M4 SOPMOD II: She blew herself up. You?

416: Same thing. Let's go back first. It's over.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Don't the enemies have reinforcements?

416: We realized that once the black-clad Dolls disappear, the remaining enemies won't carry on.

RO635: A command network like that could be a clue.

RO635: (But...what kind of Doll could they be...?)

416: Let's go. Another transport squadron has arrived. It's time to withdraw.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? There's no one left on the battlefield?! Since when?!

RO635: It's all your fault for picking up trash all the time, SOP-II!

RO635: Hurry up! We won't get any decent seats if we waste any more time!

M4 SOPMOD II: Damn! Alright, 416! Wait for meeeeee!

416: ...

416: I never said I was going with you.

...

416: That's right...

416: I never said that...

...Outside Griffin's extraction point.

Thompson: Everyone at Griffin!

Thompson: This is our last stand.

Thompson: Thanks to 416, we all made our way safely back here.

Thompson: Our defense line remains strong and robust; we're sufficiently armed; we all have the courage to fight for our survival.

Thompson: The enemy units are immensely powerful - more powerful than the usual PMC.

Thompson: They attack us relentlessly, fearlessly.

Thompson: But we have the Commander, flexible tactics, and a wealth of experience. We also have each other, but most importantly, we know why we're here.

Thompson: True, they don't fear death, but only we know what it truly means to live.

Thompson: Say something, too, 416.

416: ...

416: ...We made it.

416: But it wasn't thanks to me, I didn't think I could save you all.

416: It was the Commander who believed in you. The Commander said we must save all our T-Dolls, and so I did.

416: I don't have the right to stand amongst you, but if it's an order, I'll carry it out.

416: Because only the Commander can lead us to victory, and only in victory do I see the future...

416: (The future... I wonder where it will lead me...)

MP40: I believe that as long as the Commander is here, as long as we're all together, we can bear witness to a miracle, a miracle like...all of us standing side by side, right here!

9A-91: This time, I want to survive with all my friends.

Thompson: ...416.

Thompson: You'll find your answers soon.

Thompson: For the sake of our future, follow the Commander to victory!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahaha! More new parts for me!

RO635: I can only witness this occasion in my current form...but I'll remind you all not to give up - loudly!

Cx4 Storm: We finally made it back. We can't just fall here!

AK-74U: 9A-91 and Val are still waiting for me. If I don't grab the MVP title, I'll have to carry everyone's bags again the next time we go shopping.

Mk 12: C'mon! It's another step closer to achieving my ambition!

A-91: I must survive for the sake of my next bottle of vodka.

Python: Now then, prepare for battle!

...Five minutes later. The Commander starts laying down the defense line.

AK-74U: You haven't decided yet, have you?

416: I will get what I want my own way.

416: It may not be a simple question of "should I stay or should I go".

AK-74U: Ha...

AK-74U: Well, in any case, I'm glad to have met you.

...74U pats 416 on the shoulder.

AK-74U: You won't die, right?

416: (Smiles) Not if the Commander wants me alive.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...End of operation.

Black-clad Doll: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: What a weirdo, do you not even know how to cry in pain? Are you mute?

Black-clad Doll: ...

The Doll clad in black remains utterly expressionless.

M4 SOPMOD II: Nevermind, then let me see...what your body is made out of.

RO635: Don't go too far, SOP-II.

RO635: We should preserve the body to collect more data.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's fine as long as I keep her alive, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: It won't hurt if she's missing an eye or...

Black-clad Doll: You...

Black-clad Doll: ...will not get anything...

Black-clad Doll: ...Activate self-destruct sequence.

RO635: SOP-II! Chop off her hand!

...BOOM!

M4 SOPMOD II: Arghhhhhh!

M4 SOPMOD II: Dammit! I was too late!

M4 SOPMOD II: Self-destruct sequence, my butt! It was just a bomb!

RO635: SOP-II...

RO635: Did you take a good look at the Doll...?

M4 SOPMOD II: No. What about her?

RO635: She...

RO635: ...didn't seem to be a Doll...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you talking about?! Why would they send a human instead of a doll?

RO635: But when she was hit, the red fluid that started leaking...looked more like...

M4 SOPMOD II: It could just be something similar? Hardly a big deal.

416: How are things on your end, SOP-II? Have you captured the Doll?

M4 SOPMOD II: She blew herself up. You?

416: Same thing. Let's go back first. It's over.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Don't the enemies have reinforcements?

416: We realized that once the black-clad Dolls disappear, the remaining enemies won't carry on.

RO635: A command network like that could be a clue.

RO635: (But...what kind of Doll could they be...?)

416: Let's go. Another transport squadron has arrived. It's time to withdraw.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? There's no one left on the battlefield?! Since when?!

RO635: It's all your fault for picking up trash all the time, SOP-II!

RO635: Hurry up! We won't get any decent seats if we waste any more time!

M4 SOPMOD II: Damn! Alright, 416! Wait for meeeeee!

416: ...

416: I never said I was going with you.

...

416: That's right...

416: I never said that...

...Griffin's withdrawal is almost complete.

...The Griffin T-Dolls get in line to board the transports. They wave each other farewell, waiting to meet again at the new base.

AK-74U: Why are you still here, 416?

416: The Commander just issued another rescue mission in the current theater.

416: Anyone that wants to take part are free to stay behind.

AK-74U: I heard. That mission is a real dangerous one. Why are you going?

416: I didn't say I was. Some will go, some will stay.

416: I'm just taking in the view and...doing some thinking.

416: Are you going now?

AK-74U: I don't want to stay here a second longer. 9A-91 and Val can't agree more.

AK-74U: Oh right, 9A-91 said your friends are looking for you.

416: They're just my teammates. Our transport is probably here as well.

AK-74U: So you're going, after all? Or are you just hiding from them? Or...

416: I'll make that decision myself.

416: But I need to think about...

AK-74U: Don't take too long. This is the last transport squadron. Soon everyone will—

416: 74U...

416: I used to...be part of Griffin as well.

416: A proper elite T-Doll. I was actually the adjutant for a while.

AK-74U: Is that so...?

AK-74U: I have heard some rumors about you. Didn't know they're actually true.

416: Ja...then something happened...

416: I didn't have a choice, and I ended up...joining a renegade squad.

416: Dolls or humans, as long as I have my orders, I can harm them all.

AK-74U: ...

416: I dislike those orders, but...there's nothing I can do...

416: And...my teammates...

AK-74U: You like them, don't you?

416: Even though I can't really fathom what's so good about them.

AK-74U: At least they won't throw a fit if they can't get their hands on booze, right?

416: (Chuckles) Indeed. But they have even worse habits.

AK-74U: I have two very good friends. In my experience, we became friends not because they're anything special...

AK-74U: Sometimes, the only reason is because we're together. It's all a matter of coincidence.

416: Coincidentally...I met three bastards.

AK-74U: If you're still so uncertain, those three bastards must've been pretty nice to you.

416: Do you want me to stay or not?

...AK-74U smiles a little.

AK-74U: No matter what your final decision is, I lived through a mind-blowing battle. I'm honored to have fought by your side.

416: If you knew what I've done, you wouldn't feel that way.

AK-74U: Who knows, maybe I'd be even more honored?

AK-74U: See you around. Don't skulk alone for too long. Kalin will get worried.

416: I think you're more worried about her than me.

...416 gives her a casual wave and takes a look at her surroundings.

416: Now then... Time to get going...

416: Where...should I go...?

...In the end, they failed to slow down the enemies, the intruders broke through the defense line and Griffin echelons routed.

416: Commander! The defense line is down! At this rate, we won't be able to withdraw!

416: Should we abandon the base or force an extraction when the transport gets here—

Griffin T-Doll: Look! It's our transport!

416 looks up...

BOOM!

Before she could even raise her hopes, she sees...the transport taking a direct hit from enemy units that have stormed into the base and exploding mid-air.

The massive aircraft wreckage crashes into the earth like a roaring sun and engulfs the entire Griffin base in flames.

Hope dies...along with any signs of life...

...

...

Nyto: I do not understand, Commander, how you are still in the mood to tell jokes under such circumstances.

...Smack!

Nyto: Crude jokes won't fool us no matter how many times you try.

It used its leg this time - or rather, a weapon in the shape of a leg.

I'm starting to miss when she was using her arm. Of course, I didn't enjoy it in the slightest, but it was certainly a lot gentler than this.

My stomach heaves and I hurl up its contents. I can see what these cold-blooded puppets have been feeding me for the last two months...

I stare at the vomit and blood on the floor, but I've got to admit - I was asking for it. I should've come up with a better story.

Nyto: Now, amend your account.

Nyto: We know what happened to 416, but we need to find out where she has gone. Your answer must coincide with the subsequent events.

Look on the bright side...

At least I managed to buy a bit more time again, though I'm not sure how much my body can still take.

My head is spinning; I can feel my will crumbling, but I cannot give in. I must make my story convincing...

Or at the very least...a bit more credible.

...The rescue mission is terminated prematurely. All Griffin forces retreat back to the defense line.

...An hour later, the enemy launches attack on multiple targets at the Griffin base, resulting in severe losses.

416: I knew it was going to end like this...

416: Commander, I did suggest we be prudent with the rescue, but I don't think it's a good idea to abort the mission altogether!

416: The enemy is hitting harder and harder. Our forces are at a staggering disadvantage—

...BOOM!

416: ...!

416: Are we...too late...?

...BOOM! BOOM!

Howls of terror can be heard all over the base.

The enemy's final offensive has officially begun.

Griffin's remaining T-Dolls have no way to withstand the attack.

...Everything is over.

...

...

Nyto: I do not understand, Commander, how you are still in the mood to tell jokes under such circumstances.

...Smack!

Nyto: Crude jokes won't fool us no matter how many times you try.

It used its leg this time - or rather, a weapon in the shape of a leg.

I'm starting to miss when she was using her arm. Of course, I didn't enjoy it in the slightest, but it was certainly a lot gentler than this.

My stomach heaves and I hurl up its contents. I can see what these cold-blooded puppets have been feeding me for the last two months...

I stare at the vomit and blood on the floor, but I've got to admit - I was asking for it. I should've come up with a better story.

Nyto: Now, amend your account.

Nyto: We know what happened to 416, but we need to find out where she has gone. Your answer must coincide with the subsequent events.

Look on the bright side...

At least I managed to buy a bit more time again, though I'm not sure how much my body can still take.

My head is spinning; I can feel my will crumbling, but I cannot give in. I must make my story convincing...

Or at the very least...a bit more credible.

...In the end, 416 decided to leave Squad 404 and return to her old life in Griffin...

Even though the present Griffin is completely different than the one recorded in her neural cloud.

416: Where are we going?

AK-74U: Griffin's new headquarters. A base bigger and better than the old one.

AK-74U: I hear the construction was sponsored by the organization behind 16LAB. We'll get even better treatment from now on.

416: Those enemies will not let up. We won't have too much free time to enjoy them.

AK-74U: At least we got out of this predicament. We're leaving Sangvis Ferri, the Military, and this battlefield behind.

AK-74U: Once the Commander comes back, we can turn over a new leaf.

416: But where's the Commander?

AK-74U: Didn't you say there's a rescue mission? The Commander wants to rescue one last person.

416: ...I know who that is.

416: But it's got nothing to do with me now.

AK-74U: True, welcome to Griffin.

However, 416 believes that she will adapt to the new Griffin and the new future.

...What matters now is to bid her past farewell.

AK-74U: Oh, aren't those your teammates over there?

AK-74U: Are they looking for you?

416: UMP9...

416: And Gr G11...

416: Their transport is here to pick up UMP45. They won't look for too long.

AK-74U: I know you're sad, but we've already lifted off.

416: I don't regret my decision.

416: I fulfilled my end of the bargain. My departure is only a matter of time.

416: All is as agreed. They know that.

AK-74U: You still owe them a farewell.

416: ...If there are no goodbyes, they won't miss me.

416: ...If we don't miss each other, we'll know everyone is safe and sound.

...That's right, it's just a matter of time.

Now seems to be the best moment. And this is the best ending.

...

...

Nyto: I do not understand, Commander, how you are still in the mood to tell jokes under such circumstances.

...Smack!

Nyto: Crude jokes won't fool us no matter how many times you try.

She used her leg this time - or rather, a weapon in the shape of a leg.

I'm starting to miss when she was using her arm. Of course, I didn't enjoy it in the slightest, but it was certainly a lot gentler than this.

My stomach heaves and I hurl up its contents. I can see what these cold-blooded puppets have been feeding me for the last two months...

I stare at the vomit and blood on the floor, but I've got to admit - I was asking for it. I should've come up with a better story.

Nyto: Now, amend your account.

Nyto: We know what happened to 416, but we need to find out where she has gone. Your answer must coincide with the subsequent events.

Look on the bright side...

At least I managed to buy a bit more time again, though I'm not sure how much my body can still take.

My head is spinning; I can feel my will crumbling, but I cannot give in. I must make my story convincing...

Or at the very least...a bit more credible.

...416 returned to Squad 404. She knows that some things are beyond the control of mere promises.

This isn't the time to say goodbye. There is still much to be done.

Or rather...a lot of things still to be said.

416: How's 45?

UMP9: Stable enough for now; at least more stable than you.

416: What about me?

UMP9: Look at the face you're making.

416: Do I look unhappy?

416: Do you have any idea what I gave up today?

Gr G11: I don't want to know.

Gr G11: I'm just glad you came back alive.

UMP9: At least 45 will be pleased.

416: Her? Pleased?

416: She just can't be bothered to find a new recruit.

UMP9: And...what's wrong with that?

UMP9: It's hard to find a teammate like you...

416: 9...

416: I haven't changed my mind yet.

416: One day, I'll still go my own way.

UMP9: I know, but at least you're here now.

UMP9: I think that's the most reassuring thing to all of us.

416: I didn't come back to reassure you.

416: I just...

Gr G11: 416...

Gr G11: ...I'm sleepy.

...416 sighs.

416: Stupid dormouse. We'll see who's going to wake up first, you or 45.

416: Then I'll dunk the loser into a mud puddle.

Gr G11: You say that...

Gr G11: But in the end...you'll still gonna...fetch me back...

Gr G11: Zzz...zzzZZZZZZzzz...

UMP9: (Giggles) She already admitted defeat.

416: What an idiot.

416: ...Maybe I'm also an idiot.

UMP9: We're all idiots, I suppose.

416: No, you're not. You're a witch.

UMP9: But if we're all idiots...

UMP9: ...Isn't that what makes us a family?

416: That's just wishful thinking on your part, 9. You—

416: ...You're...crying?

UMP9: It's just that...we've been through so much...

UMP9: But right now...I feel so happy...

...416 remains silent.

She looks at the Griffin T-Dolls outside the window. They're bustling about in preparation of returning to the war zone on a rescue mission.

She knows who the target is, but she doesn't care.

All that matters to her is the short-lived peace in the present, a brief moment of happiness that they can savor.

Tomorrow, their story will continue.

...

...

Nyto: I do not understand, Commander, how you are still in the mood to tell jokes under such circumstances.

...Smack!

Nyto: Crude jokes won't fool us no matter how many times you try.

She used her leg this time - or rather, a weapon in the shape of a leg.

I'm starting to miss when she was using her arm. Of course, I didn't enjoy it in the slightest, but it was certainly a lot gentler than this.

My stomach heaves and I hurl up its contents. I can see what these cold-blooded puppets have been feeding me for the last two months...

I stare at the vomit and blood on the floor, but I've got to admit - I was asking for it. I should've come up with a better story.

Nyto: Now, amend your account.

Nyto: We know what happened to 416, but we need to find out where she has gone. Your answer must coincide with the subsequent events.

Look on the bright side...

At least I managed to buy a bit more time again, though I'm not sure how much my body can still take.

My head is spinning; I can feel my will crumbling, but I cannot give in. I must make my story convincing...

Or at the very least...a bit more credible.

...In the end, 416 comes before UMP9.

She has decided to go after what she wants.

416: 9, I'm taking part in Griffin's rescue mission.

UMP9: Are you sure you know what you're doing?

416: I'm doing what I want to do.

416: You know who they're trying to rescue.

UMP9: But...rescuing her isn't our job.

UMP9: At least she didn't give us this assignment.

416: Which is why I want to go. It's my own decision.

UMP9: 416...

UMP9: You seem to have changed...

416: I've had enough...of working to live up to others' expectations...

416: I'm going to stop chasing after someone else, be it you or Griffin.

UMP9: ...I understand.

UMP9: But that doesn't mean you have to rescue her, does it?

UMP9: Do you know how dangerous it is in there?

416: I won't be alone.

416: The Commander will oversee the operation, and the remaining members of the AR Team will accompany me.

416: I want to learn more from this mission - things I can't learn in Squad 404 - to better prepare myself for the future.

Gr G11: 416, you'll be back, right? It's tiring having to walk by myself.

416: I will return once the mission is accomplished.

416: But you still ought to train properly. One day, you'll have to change, too.

Gr G11: Ughhh... I'll...try.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, 416!

UMP9: SOP-II...she's calling for you. We'll be going then. You know where to find us.

UMP9: You must come back. Otherwise, when 45 wakes up—

416: I'm not coming back for her. She can think whatever she wants.

416: But I WILL come back. You know I'm a Doll of my word.

UMP9: Alright... I get it...

416: Good. I'll be right back.

...

M4 SOPMOD II: 416...

M4 SOPMOD II: Are you sure you wanna come?

416: Both Griffin's and 404's transports have already left, I have no other options now.

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha...

M4 SOPMOD II: I thought you...were a really tough person.

416: I've only realized recently that I'm actually not.

416: I'm scared...experience that I don't have, unknown enemies, unfamiliar companions...

416: If I can't overcome these problems, I won't survive on the battlefield in the future.

M4 SOPMOD II: Have you figured out how to overcome them then?

416: Of course.

416: All it takes is for me to enjoy them for what they are.

...

Nyto: Your account matches our information.

Nyto: Squad 404's current whereabouts are unknown, but 416 will lead us to them.

Nyto: You know where she is, correct?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto: Indeed, we have no evidence to either support or refute your claim.
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto: We know. It is an answer we expected.
If choice 3 was picked

Nyto: Then I can assume that she does not trust you all that much.

Nyto: But it matters not. We have a way to find out.

One of the Nytos takes a syringe out of a box. I know what that is.

Nyto: You have probably undergone resistance training, but this will open up certain possibilities for us.

The Nyto injects the truth serum into my body.

Nyto: What we wish to see is the regret on your face after you spill everything.

Nyto: Give us the satisfaction, Griffin Commander.

My mind begins to unwind. I can tell the serum is kicking in.

I know how to deal with it, but I'm not sure how well it'll work.

I must believe the story I'm about to tell... I must believe it myself...

Calm T-Doll's Voice: You've bought us time, Commander. We have already infiltrated the hospital, but it's going to take a little longer to sabotage the surveillance instruments and take care of the guards. Hang in there.

Calm T-Doll's Voice: Oh, and thank you for your stories. They're positively compelling.

Nyto: Griffin Commander, we are now entering the final stage of the interrogation.

Nyto: Tactical Dolls M4 SOPMOD II and 416 both took part in the operation to rescue a certain human.

Nyto: Angelia, former Griffin Commander.

Nyto: We need to know the whereabouts of these three individuals. You must start from the beginning so we can facilitate our fact checks.

Angelia... I know that...

To prevent myself from telling the truth, I must believe the things I "recall" in my mind.

I have to let myself drift along in the ocean...and capture every piece of fantasy that I think is real...

I know what's the most believable in Ange's case...

...Death.

Nyto: ...Tell us, and you can live.

I'll have to cover up the truth with all sorts of deaths...

But I must also remember the truth...

Where Ange has gone... How I ended up here... I must remember it all...

This will be the final story, I'll arrive at my own ending very soon. I hope that the ladies of 404 will make it a good one.

Angelia: It took me two minutes...

Angelia: ...to regain my consciousness.

Angelia: I spent ten minutes...

Angelia: ...groveling on the ground, crawling on all fours, leaning against cover, and doing some feeble first-aid on myself - but it's better than nothing.

Angelia: I spent a minute...

Angelia: ...thinking.

Angelia: ...Trying to figure out if I was alive or dead.

Angelia: Then it took me ten seconds to arrive at the conclusion...

Angelia: I'm still alive, but I'll be dead soon.

Angelia: Cough...

Angelia: Cough...

Angelia: This is unbearable... my body isn't working properly...

Angelia: M4A1...

Angelia: AK-12...

Angelia: Can you hear me? What's your situation? And the mastermind? Did you intercept her?

...

...There is only static in the channel.

Angelia: Tsk... this place is too saturated with radiation for comms to work. I must...get out of here...

Angelia: I don't know if this body...can even handle a fight...

...Ange shoves her communicator into her pocket with great difficulty.

Angelia: I can't say I don't care about my physical appearance at all, so I have no desire to find out what my face looks like right now.

Angelia: But judging by my hands...I must look like a proper monster.

Angelia: I will eventually succumb to death...and something worse...

Angelia: Cough! Cough!

Angelia: I know what that is...

??: GUARGHHHHH!!

Angelia: ...!

...Blood-curdling howls can be heard from afar.

Angelia: ...It's them. I know these ominous howls. The stuff of nightmares from even before WWIII.

Angelia: My wheezing and coughing will draw them this way. I have to leave this place...soon!

Later... Ange hides behind cover and the communicator suddenly comes to life.

Persica: Ange! Ange, are you alright?! You didn't answer for so long! I thought you'd...

Angelia: Cough...I won't turn into what you thought so easily...

Havier: Ange, I knew you'd be alright—

Havier: Haha, that's a lie. I was certain that you died, but you actually survived. This is the second time you surprised me.

Angelia: Sorry for defying your expectations and not dying. Let's compare notes. I'm still within the contamination zone but I can't get in touch with Task Force DEFY.

Angelia: If they didn't complete the mission, we must have a back-up plan for the back-up plan...

Angelia: I know you don't really give a damn about whether I live or die, Havier, but it doesn't hurt to ask - can you give us any kind of support? I'll take anything.

Havier: You know I can't bypass Statesec's authority to lend you aid. Why don't you ask your chief?

Angelia: You must be joking!

Angelia: I even detonated that freaking dirty bomb! NOW you're telling me you can't bypass some goddamn authority?!

Havier: Calm down, young lady. Getting worked up will accelerate the infection.

Angelia: ...You know I'm infected?

Havier: Anyone inside the irradiation zone of a Collapse Fluid dirty bomb is definitely going to be affected by Eurosky Low-Emission Infectious Disease. Whether you can make it out alive depends entirely on your endurance. At least, judging by your reaction, your current physical condition seems to be alright.

Angelia: Well, thanks for the praise...

Persica: Don't be hasty, Ange. Havier has been coordinating reinforcements the whole time. Let him finish, okay?

Angelia: Fine...cough...I guess...

Havier: Sorry, let's cut to the chase. I will try to get in touch with your Chief Zelinsky.

Havier: But I know even you can tell that the chances of him sending in reinforcements are close to nil. That's why you haven't contacted him yourself, isn't that right?

Angelia: Indeed, I won't put my hopes on them. Especially since I set off the dirty bomb, I've effectively aligned myself against the chief...

Havier: However, I won't let him hinder our efforts, which is why Persica and I have already come up with a solution for you.

Havier: Rather than relying on others, why not solve the problem yourself? Explain away, Persica.

Persica: Sorry, Ange. You said before that with their current armaments, T-Dolls cannot fight the military on even ground. It got me thinking...

Persica: You remember that the Griffin Commander once captured a Sangvis Ringleader?

Angelia: You mean...the Doll...known as "Architect"?

Havier: I applaud your memory. She is a fantastic technological sample. Very willing to cooperate, too.

Havier: Persica has collected a lot of data from her and her weaponry and created some new stuff out of them.

Angelia: You developed weapons using the enemy's anatomy?

Havier: Don't worry. We didn't thank her.

Havier: Persica has been conducting related research on her. Theoretically speaking, T-Dolls can be equipped with some sort of heavy weaponry, which will make them more powerful. Naturally, the cost of research and development will be quite considerable. After all, programming an AI capable of allowing multiple T-Dolls to control complex weapons isn't exactly cheap.

Angelia: Control heavy weapons? But doesn't this go against the terms and conditions regarding armaments of PMCs?

Havier: It's expensive, dangerous, and illegal. This kind of stuff doesn't sell at all. Theoretically, as an investor, I should stop Persica from pouring resources into this research.

Angelia: But you're exactly the kind of guy that likes playing with such dangerous things...

Havier: "Boring weapons are worthless!" You'd better thank me for being exactly the kind of guy that might just save you.

Angelia: Cough... You have my deepest gratitude...

Angelia: Still, you're wrong about one thing, Havier - the likelihood of me escaping successfully is infinitesimal.

Angelia: The one I want you to aid is the Griffin Commander. Hand those expensive, dangerous, and illegal toys of yours to the Commander, and Griffin's forces might just get out of this...

Persica: What? But you need help the most...!

Angelia: Me? What else can I do...? I'm taking my last breaths in the epicenter of the irradiation zone. I can't pursue the mastermind, nor do I have any T-Dolls with me to fight off the military...

Angelia: Even if you send your heavy weapons over, they'll only be dealing with some ELID zombies... Havier, I'm sure you won't invest in something unprofitable, right?

Havier: ...

Persica: But...

Angelia: I'm merely stating facts. You know I only ever consider the consequences when planning my moves.

Havier: Are you certain? You honestly think this commander is worth trading your life for?

Angelia: It's not a trade, but one's choice... and I don't plan on giving up on myself just yet...

Angelia: The fact is that I'm in no shape to supervise the situation. Giving them to the commander might still give us a chance.

Angelia: Besides, this commander's mettle has already been tested during the fight against the military. If DEFY needs help, the commander won't just sit back and do nothing...

Angelia: Not to mention even if the mission fails...at least Griffin will survive.

Havier: Should I be touched on Griffin's behalf?

Angelia: I was part of them for a while. I liked it there...

Angelia: Hurry up. If you tarry any longer, even Griffin will be lost.

...Havier lets out a heavy sigh on the other end of the call.

Havier: You know I won't abandon you, but I also understand where you're coming from.

Havier: I know the commander you speak of, but I don't have the coordinates.

Angelia: If Griffin hasn't switched position yet, the commander should still be at the temporary command post.

Angelia: The base is a fair bit of distance away from Ground Zero. There should be other T-Dolls and employees who survived as well. On top of giving them reinforcements, I hope you can also help them evacuate...

Havier: I'd like to help, but you're the only one with a satellite communicator. We can't get in touch with the Commander.

Angelia: I'll try to find a base where I can set up a comms channel...but I'm not sure if I can do that...

Havier: You'd better hurry. Do that, and you could still be cured of your infection.

Havier: I'll be away for a while to get clearance for the mobilization of transports. I hope you'll stay alive till then.

Havier leaves the conversation.

Persica: Since you know Griffin's location, if you can withdraw to their security zone...

Angelia: I know. That's my last chance. But do as I say first... I'll try my best to get myself over...

Angelia: The ELIDs are getting close. I gotta move. Talk to you later.

Persica: Ange, wait! We'll do everything we can to—

...Ange terminates the transmission.

Angelia: If you had seen my face, you'd know there's nothing you can do.

Angelia: Of course, there is the possibility that I won't even have this face for long...

...Ange leans against the wall and sighs.

Angelia: What a drag... I don't wanna move at all...

...The footsteps and howling are getting closer and closer.

Angelia: Tsk, they've noticed me...

Angelia: I might not have long to live...but dying here is too pathetic...

Angelia: C'mon, Ange. Just go a bit farther...

...Ange dashes over to the next cover object. The monstrous howls follow her like a shadow.

Angelia: I'm almost at my limit...

Angelia: Is my body finally giving out...?

??: GUARGHHHHH!!

Angelia: Where is it...?

Angelia: It's closing in...

Angelia: Where the hell is it?!

Angelia: ...!

Angelia: From behind!

...Ange spins around and shoots the monster with her pistol!

...Her aim was true, but...!

??: GUARGHHHHH!!

Angelia: That didn't kill you?

Angelia: As expected of an...

Angelia: E!

Angelia: L!

Angelia: I!

Angelia: D!

Angelia: IN! FECT! ED!

...

...The monster flops onto the ground.

Angelia: (Pants)

Angelia: (Pants)

Angelia: Cough...

Angelia: So...they CAN be killed.

ELID: GUARGHHHHH!!

...More ELIDs come creeping en masse!

Angelia: Did the gunfire attract them?

...Ange pulls the trigger again, but she's out of ammo.

Angelia: I knew it...

...Ange drops the pistol and steps out with open arms.

Angelia: Fine, this place it is. I hope no one sees me.

ELID: GUARGHHHHH!!

??: My...you've even got your last words figured out, eh?

??: Sorry, we came too early.

Angelia: You two...

Angelia: Sort this out while I still have the will to change my mind.

...

...

Angelia: How did you find me...?

AK-12: You kept hailing us. We couldn't communicate, but it helped us lock onto your coordinates.

AK-12: We thought you weren't going to last long, but you were surprisingly quick on your feet. We've been killing these things and running after you the whole time.

Angelia: Tsk, so my instinct of not wanting to move was right.

AK-12: Who would've thought these things actually do exist? And here I thought some of that training would never come in useful.

...AK-12 flips an ELID corpse over with her foot.

AK-12: Still, they're nothing more than disgusting and pathetic monsters.

AN-94: So this is a person infected by the Eurosky Low-Emission Infectious Disease...

Angelia: We usually just call them ELIDs. Is this the first time you've seen them? They are quite rare after WWIII.

Angelia: Most people with lower endurance will die directly to the radiation, but this is what happens to the healthier ones when the infection worsens. The flesh undergoes silication, the mind deteriorates, and they become highly aggressive before they truly die.

Angelia: Be glad that the explosion only happened a short while ago. The longer they stay within the irradiation zone, the more fearsome these humans become.

AK-12: Are these ELIDs all soldiers from the military caught in the explosion of the Collapse Fluid dirty bomb detonated by M4A1?

Angelia: Yes. It hasn't been long, so only those in areas close to Ground Zero have turned so far.

Angelia: But the radiation is spreading, and the humans who didn't retreat in time will soon join them...

Angelia: ...Like me.

AN-94: Not for the time being. I am administering some simple treatment on you. Please hang in there.

...AK-12 picks up the pistol on the ground.

Angelia: It's out of ammo.

AK-12: At least make it easier for me to identify your corpse.

...Ange laughs and winces in pain. She takes the firearm.

Angelia: Cough... It's not efficient to identify corpses from the weapon they carry.

AN-94: Keep still, Ange. I am still disinfecting your wounds.

Angelia: It won't work. Cough... This is Collapse Fluid radiation... The surface of the skin will fester then silicate. Disinfecting it is no use at all...

Angelia: The muscles and blood vessels will also gradually harden... The pain is unimaginable to you T-Dolls...

Angelia: I was lucky to last long enough for you to show up. I thought you'd gone after M4A1...

AN-94: M4A1 is pursuing Mastermind, who was brought onboard the military's Intercontinental Railway.

AK-12: AR-15 went off with her. We couldn't stop her.

Angelia: Then you should've followed them. I told you, that was your mission.

AN-94: We did our job by giving them cover as they got onboard. The train departed, and there was nothing else we could do.

AN-94: Our mission is over. What matters now is you.

Angelia: Me? There might still be hope for you if you leave me behind. Take the communicator and get in touch with Persica, then follow her instructions and withdraw.

AK-12: You're giving up already? Ange, since when are you so pessimistic?

Angelia: Are you confident you can prop me up with one arm and shoot at enemies with the other?

Angelia: On top of dealing with these zombie movie extras, there's still the military. They won't be completely paralyzed by just an explosion.

Angelia: If Yegor is still alive, he'll only have one objective - to seek revenge. In other words, to do us in......

AN-94: Then we withdraw. Leave this place behind.

AN-94: There may still be Griffin Dummies for us to use along the way. We can make it.

Angelia: All signals are jammed in the contamination zone. Comms and all navigation systems are down. I don't even know where to go.

Angelia: How about this...? I'm getting tired... I need some sleep...

AK-12: Ange!

Smack!

AK-12 slaps Ange hard on the face.

AK-12: You asked us to take the communicator and contact Persica, which means we do have a plan. So long as we can find our way out of the contamination zone, we can withdraw, am I right?

Angelia: ...

AK-12: I know you're in great pain, but it's not like you at all to give up just like that.

AK-12: I remember you still owe us a drink. If you want an easy way out, then let me do you a favor and send you off painlessly.

AK-12 aims her weapon at Ange's head.

AN-94: 12...nyet...!

The very air seems to freeze. A good few seconds have passed.

Angelia: Hnng...pfft...

Angelia: Hahahahahaha...

Angelia: Ow, ow, ow...

Angelia: Dammit. Shouldn't have laughed so hard...

AK-12's arms are trembling slightly.

Angelia: Just rejecting my command is almost overloading your neural module, eh? If you have a neural meltdown here, there's no one left to get me out.

AK-12: Looks like bluffing doesn't work on you.

Angelia: I programmed your IFF codes myself. I must say, I'm surprised you even dared point your gun at me.

AK-12: We're called "DEFY". Just living by the name, I guess? You ought to know we're different than your past subordinates.

Angelia: Humph...thanks for the reminder. I almost forgot that utterly insignificant detail.

Angelia: AN-94, cease the treatment. We're setting off now.

AN-94: But I have not finished dressing the infected wounds...

Angelia: Save it. It does no good anyway; we might as well start moving.

AK-12: Aren't you gonna jauntily brief us on the plan first, as usual?

Angelia: Plan? The plan is to move north in a straight line and go as far as we can.

AK-12: Why north? And are you sure about moving in a straight line? There are still loads of ELIDs out there. Won't it be safer to take a more evasive route?

Angelia: The only security zone still in one piece is in the north. We humans are taught when we're kids that the shortest distance between two points is always a straight line. Now is the time to place my bet on that.

AK-12: If you say so. 94, there are approximately 20 ELIDS in the immediate vicinity. Prepare for battle.

AK-12: I'll forge the way. You stick with Ange like glue.

AN-94: Understood. I will guard her carefully.

AK-12: Then let's get moving!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Task Force DEFY charge ahead blindly until they come across a communications outpost.

Angelia: There it is! Cough...get in!

AK-12: Nyet, this place isn't clean at all. We can't stop here!

Angelia: Obey my orders! Hurry...cough!

...Task Force DEFY enters the outpost.

AK-12: The radiation level is too high here. New ELIDs will emerge anytime. We can't stay here for long.

Angelia: Cough...do as I say...

Angelia: Now, turn on the comms system...and scan for signals!

AK-12: On it. The instrument isn't too badly damaged. Attempting to reactivate it...

AK-12: This equipment is left behind by the military. I've bypassed the firewall. 94, you can now try to access their network and collect some data.

AN-94: Understood. Scanning...

AN-94: Bad news. I have hacked into the system and reassembled information regarding the topography. Units bearing military signals are already on the move in this area.

AN-94: Judging by their speed and formation, they do not seem to be ELIDs.

AN-94: I would assume that they are reorganizing their remaining troops. In the worst-case scenario, they have already discovered us.

Angelia: Then let's pray they haven't, or we're dead...cough...

Angelia: Quick, still remember the Griffin Commander's comms frequency...? Try to get in touch.

AK-12: Are you sure? Gathering information in a data blackout is one thing, sending a transmission from a military outpost is another matter. There's no way we can hide our tracks - they're gonna surround this place and blast us to bits.

Angelia: This is our only chance if we want to walk out of this building alive...

Angelia: We've come this far, we have no other choice but to raise the stakes. Establish a connection immediately. If we're fast enough, we might be able to leave before the military reacts!

AK-12: Got it. Establishing a communications channel. Ready in thirty seconds.

Angelia: While this battered communicator still has some battery left... Persica. Persica, do you copy?

Persica: There's a bit of static, but I can hear you. How are you doing, Ange?

Angelia: My satellite communicator is almost out of juice. Let's keep it short.

Angelia: DEFY found me. I'm relatively safe for now. We're using a military outpost to establish comms. Whether the Griffin Commander gets it is up to chance.

AK-12: We're transmitting. Pick up...please pick up...

...Nothing but static.

【Static】......

......

Angelia: So Griffin has left already...

Angelia: This...is how it ends...

Persica: Ange...

Angelia: Haha... Can't be helped. I didn't expect it to end like this...

AK-12: Wait! There's a reply!

Angelia: What?! Who is it on the other end?

Persica: It's the commander! Commander, can you hear me? It's Persica!

Commander: ...
If choice 2 was picked

Persica: That's Angelia...

Persica: Uh...I think you know who she is. I'll let her do the talking.
If choice 1 was picked

Persica: Humph. Don't worry about me, worry about yourselves.

Persica: Ange is here. There's a favor she needs to ask.
If choice 3 was picked

Persica: Forgotten all about your technical supervisor already? You're getting a pay cut.

Persica: Enough jokes. Ange needs to talk to you.

Angelia: Hello, Commander. This isn't the first time we talked, but it's the first time I'm introducing myself.

Angelia: "Angelia". Of course, it's just my codename, but I quite like the name, so feel free to call me that.

Angelia: I'm an agent from the Bureau of State Security. We've worked together numerous times in the past. I'm sure you have a lot of questions, but you must understand that we're on the same side.

Persica: I can vouch for her. I've known her for years. She's a nice person, but she does have a bad temper.

Angelia: Whatever, Persica... Our channel won't hold for long, so please listen to me.

Angelia: I understand you've suffered heavy casualties, so Persica is going to provide you with Heavy Ordnance Corps to aid you in battle.

Angelia: Send the coordinates to Persica where you need help. She'll find a way to deliver them there. Persica, how's Havier's withdrawal plan coming along?

Persica: Havier has already provided me with the extraction point, but said it'll still take a while for the transports to get clearance into the area.

Angelia: I've sent you the coordinates, Commander. Guard the extraction point with your life. I hope you'll last till the tranports get there.

AK-12: Ange, we've been discovered. A transmission is forcing its way through.

Yegor: Ange... 【static】I know it's you... I will make you pay for what you've done【static】!

Angelia: Cut him off. I've got no time to chat with him.

AK-12: Okay.

Yegor's transmission is cut off.

Angelia: As you can see, Commander, the situation isn't looking good. We should all prepare for the worst.

Persica: Commander, we've given you everything we can. I hope we'll all come out of this alive...so please find a way to help Ange...

Angelia: Commander, you can't save everyone on the battlefield... Ensure Griffin's safety first. Only consider our rescue if it's at all possible.

Angelia: I'll send all the information I have to you. AK-12, set up the data transfer.

AK-12: On it.

Angelia: If I can't make it, please take care of Task Force DEFY, find the AR Team, and stop the enemies who want to destroy our future.

AN-94: Ange, the military units we detected are closing in.

Angelia: Tsk...he really hates us to the bone. Commander, we'll wait till dawn. No matter what you choose to do, no one will blame you. Good luck.

AK-12: Data transfer in progress. We can move in 60 seconds.

Angelia: Persica...I'd better go. If I come back alive, I think I'm gonna get a cat.

Persica: Can I come over and pat it?

Angelia: As long as you pay for the cat food...

Persica: I will, so you better make sure you come back alive.

Angelia: I really can't say for sure this time...

AK-12: Transfer complete. We can go.

AN-94: This means we will not be able to contact anybody from now on. We can only feel our way around the dark on our own or wait for Griffin's signal.

Angelia: I know... Let's go. We must hold out till the commander comes to our rescue.

A few hours later, 416 and SOP-II's team killed the black-clad Doll and her mysterious troops. Griffin's withdrawal is almost complete.

416: Commander, Kalina and the final batch of T-Dolls are about to withdraw on the last carrier.

416: SOP-II and I plus a few other T-Dolls and the HOCs have volunteered for this rescue mission. Our objective is to escort you safely off the battlefield.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

416: What? Not you? Then who could it be?
If choice 2 was picked

416: No? What do you mean, Commander?

416: ...Ange?

416: You mean Ange is still alive?! Is that true?

416: ...But...are you sure you want us to rescue her instead? The battlefield is filled with danger. We may even run into the military's main force.

416: I understand. We will designate Angelia as our priority target.

416: Please don't misunderstand, Commander. I don't have any misgivings about the mission. Deep down in my neural cloud, I was hoping you'd do it.

416: However, I don't want to regret not saving you. I hope there will still be a chance for that...

416: I'll go explain the plan to UMP9. The rescue mission will commence in ten minutes.

...Ten minutes later, 416 and SOP-II lead their fellow T-Dolls on the way to rescue Ange. At the same time, they are briefed on the information the commander obtained from the communication and data transfer with Ange.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Commander, is that what Miss Ange said?

M4 SOPMOD II: She gave you all the information she'd collected before the dirty bomb went off?

M4 SOPMOD II: Why...did she do that?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: She was prepared to sacrifice herself...again?
If choice 2 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange finally learned. But in other words, she had known the dirty bomb would go off...

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, are you sure we should prioritize rescuing Miss Ange?

M4 SOPMOD II: We're not sure if she's still alive or if she's left her last known location.

M4 SOPMOD II: On the other hand...we're a lot more likely to succeed in rescuing you.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Spoken just like the commander would, even though no one ever asks that of you.
If choice 2 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah...same here. I'll be very sad if we don't save her.

M4 SOPMOD II: So, let's rescue her! This time, we won't leave her behind!

416: Quick, set up their retreat route, Commander. Then we can guide her with a signal flare.

416: If we have to run all the way to them, we won't make it in time.

M4 SOPMOD II: For Ange's retreat, reaching the area where Cx4 and I withdrew from and following the route we took should be the quickest, and the enemies along the way should pose the smallest threat.

416: That won't work. The radiation keeps spreading; the contamination level has grown so severe the area is already flagged as a Red Zone.

M4 SOPMOD II: "Red Zone"?

416: Red Zones are areas with the highest level of contamination hazard. Exposure for T-Dolls can cause damage but isn't lethal. However, any human who enters will contract ELID and suffer from irreversible effects within a short period of time.

416: Ange is already infected. No matter how short the route is, it is highly unlikely for her to survive the trip. If she takes a detour, there's another viable route through the Yellow Zone, which has a lower contamination level.

M4 SOPMOD II: But she'll run into a lot more ELIDs and may even come under the military's attack!

M4 SOPMOD II: Even in the Yellow Zone, radiation will still accumulate in Ange's body over time, right? She won't have the time to lie low and go around the enemies!

416: Both options are risky. Further argument will only be a waste of precious time. Commander, only you can decide where to guide them.

416: This is the last squad on the battlefield. It is also our final rescue target before we withdraw.

416: Where should we launch the signal flare? Over the Red Zone, where the route is shorter but the radiation is higher, or the Yellow Zone, where there are more enemies? Please make your decision ASAP!

...In the end, I decided to have 416 launch the signal flare over the Red Zone.

AN-94: Ange, a signal flare!

Angelia: That's Griffin's standard issue. The Commander is guiding us!

AN-94: But...that will lead us to the Red Zone. Ange...I do not think it is a wise choice.

AK-12: Ange...you probably won't make it to the security zone.

Angelia: Cough...it's alright... I'll take my chances.

AN-94: This is not something you can overcome with sheer willpower.

AK-12: According to the readings, the contamination level is still climbing in the area. Entering the Red Zone will only exacerbate your symptoms.

Angelia: Which means we don't have time to waste. Let's go!

AN-94: Come, AK-12. The ELIDs are growing in numbers. We cannot delay anymore.

AK-12: I strongly recommend taking the route through the Yellow Zone!

Angelia: I believe in the Commander! Cough... H-hurry!

Angelia: The Commander...cough...is showing us the way...

Angelia: AK-12, AN-94...cough...

Angelia: If...if...you know...

Angelia: Cough...cough, cough...! Cough!

...In the end, I decided to have 416 launch the signal flare over the Yellow Zone.

AK-12: Ange, a signal flare over there!

Angelia: That's Griffin's standard issue. The Commander really is showing us the way!

AK-12: I believe it's leading us to the Yellow Zone. Your body might just make it through.

AN-94: Ange, are you feeling better?

Angelia: Not at all...cough... But I think I'm okay for now.

AK-12: Then we'd better hurry. The ELIDs will find us soon!

AN-94: But we cannot proceed yet.

AN-94: A few military squads are patrolling ahead. We must first discern their patrol routes.

Angelia: Can we draw the military...into fighting the ELIDs?

AK-12: It is possible. According to my observation, the military does attack the ELIDs. I believe they're too obsessed with pursuing us to care about the fact that they're firing upon their own allies and casualties.

AK-12: Still, we can't exploit that too much. Otherwise, if we accidentally draw the attention of both the ELIDs and the military, we'll be heavily outnumbered.

Angelia: You're right...cough... Dammit, let me think...

Angelia: We...can only get closer and try to locate the mark by tracing the signal strength.

AN-94: I do not recommend that. It is chaos on the battlefield. With no communications outpost nearby, we are on our own.

AN-94: Finding a mark or whatever is too dangerous. I suggest we resume our course toward an area with a lower contamination index and launch a signal flare, then wait for the rescue party to find us.

AK-12: It's a risk worth taking. We can't handle the military with just the two of us. Ange doesn't have long.

Angelia: Stop arguing...

Angelia: Let me...think this over...

AK-12: No matter what you decide to do, we can't rest here. Keep moving, Ange.

Angelia: I know...cough...

Angelia: I...I'll...make up my mind soon...

Angelia: Cough...cough, cough!

...In the end, Task Force DEFY decided to give up on finding the mark left by the rescue party, but the withdrawal is still underway.

AN-94: The contamination index is significantly lower here. Though Ange is not entirely out of danger, her life is not under any immediate threat.

AK-12: Congratulations, Ange. You get to live a little longer.

Angelia: I don't feel particularly good, but if that's the case...

AN-94: Since we cannot locate the rescue party's mark, our only choice is to proceed in the direction where the contamination is lower.

AK-12: Or find a chance to send a distress signal for the rescue party to get in touch.

AN-94: That is too dangerous right now. We are surrounded by military forces.

AN-94: Not to mention the ELIDs, who are attracted by the slightest rustles. If reinforcements do not arrive on time, we will not be able to handle the situation with just the two of us.

AK-12: (Sighs) You're always so conservative, AN-94.

AN-94: When it is uncertain where the alternative will lead us, I prefer the current option.

AK-12: The choice isn't yours to make. Ange, take your pick.

Angelia: I... Let me think...

AN-94: Wait, I hear something!

AK-12: Military units! They're heading straight toward us!

AN-94: There is an abandoned trench just ahead. Get Ange in there first!

...Boom! Boom!

AK-12: Hurry, Ange! We're here!

...Under the military's bombardment, Task Force DEFY dive hastily for cover.

Angelia: (Pants) Goddammit!

Angelia: Looks like we don't have much of a choice. AN-94, launch the signal flare!

AN-94: Roger!

AK-12: How did they find us so soon? We shouldn't have left any traces!

Angelia: These maneuvers are planned...unlike before!

...Pzzt...pzzzzt.

??: Angelia...

??: I knew you wouldn't disappoint me.

...Over the sound of gunfire and static, a male voice speaks clearly over the communicator's public channel.

Yegor: You survived the explosion...only to give me the chance to kill you with my own hands.

Angelia: Yegor...

Angelia: You don't look much better yourself...

Yegor: I am feeling tremendous. I just finished making the preparations, and there you are.

Angelia: You had it all planned?

Yegor: There aren't many routes toward the Green Zone. If you're alive, you'll definitely show up here.

Yegor: You won't last much longer with that infection. Why not just give up?

Angelia: Why don't YOU give up mourning for your zombie comrades?

Yegor: Good. I'll make sure you don't die from artillery fire.

Yegor: Then I can find you and avenge my subordinates myself!

...Ange closes the channel.

Angelia: He's sending in tanks! Hold out till the rescue party makes it here!

AK-12: Are you sure they'll come?

Angelia: If not, then we'll just die! Hurry, cough!

Angelia: Use whatever you can to hold this trench!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Task Force DEFY gives everything they have to withstand the military's attack.

AK-12: Ange! Is the rescue party still not here?!

Angelia: No, they may be on the way!

AN-94: That sound! Do you hear that, AK-12?!

AK-12: Charging... It's the tank! Duck!!

...BOOOOOOM!!

...

AK-12: Ange! Ange, wake up! Ange!!

AK-12: The trench is lost! AN-94, pick up your gun and cover me!

AN-94: AK-12, you're hurt!

AK-12: I'm fine! Defend the opening!

AK-12: Ange... Ange, are you alright?! Ange!!

AN-94: AK-12, watch out!

...BOOM! BOOM, BOOM!

...In just an instant, whatever's left of Ange's awareness and consciousness is consumed by fire.

...

...Task Force DEFY has finally found the mark left by the rescue team!

M4 SOPMOD II: Surpriiiiise!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahahaha! We finally found you, DEFY!

AN-94: If your movement had been just a little swifter than your utterance, I would have identified you as a hostile target and attacked.

416: Sorry, this is M4 SOPMOD II of the AR Team. SOP-II, meet AK-12 and AN-94 of Task Force DEFY. I'm 416. You've all met me.

AN-94: I do not particularly want to see you again, but it cannot be helped.

416: Right, this isn't the time to deepen our bond. Let's get straight to the point - where is Ange, and how is she?

...AN-94 looks behind her and finds an unconscious Ange draped on AK-12's back.

AN-94: Ange...she—

AK-12: A few minutes ago...she took a heavy dose of radiation and passed out.

AK-12: It took us a while to find the mark, but her life isn't in danger. However, she'll be sitting out the coming battles. It'll be just us.

416: What a shame. Guess I'll have to say hi some other time.

416: Still, it's not "just us". We also have the Commander and the HOCs.

AN-94: What...HOCs?

M4 SOPMOD II: Our new toys! They're giving us long-range support and specialize in fighting tanks! You'll love them!

AK-12: Then we're safe for now. Let's figure out what to do next.

AN-94: The contamination index is significantly lower here. Though Ange is not entirely out of danger, her life is not under any immediate threat.

RO635: Then let's keep moving to less contaminated areas. At this rate, Ange isn't going to last much longer.

AK-12: Hmm? Who was that?

RO635: Oh, don't mind me. Just making a suggestion—

AN-94: Wait, I hear something!

AK-12: Military units! They're heading straight toward us!

AN-94: There is an abandoned trench just ahead. Get Ange in there first!

...Boom! Boom!

AK-12: Hurry up! We're here!

416: HOCs, give us cover!

...Under the HOCs' suppressive fire, Task Force DEFY makes it into the trench safely.

M4 SOPMOD II: We still have loads of cards up our sleeve. Don't worry, we can handle these tanks!

...Pzzt...pzzzzt.

??: Angelia...

??: I knew you wouldn't disappoint me.

...Over the sound of gunfire and static, a male voice speaks clearly over the communicator's public channel.

Yegor: You survived the explosion...only to give me the chance to kill you with my own hands.

AK-12: Ange is dead! You can abort your mission!

Yegor: I don't think so. I know she's merely unconscious, just as I knew you'd show up here.

416: He knew we'd come here... He counted on the fact that this is the only route to the Green Zone!

Yegor: I'll make sure you don't die from artillery fire.

Yegor: Then I can find you and avenge my subordinates myself!

...Yegor terminates the transmission.

AK-12: I can hear the tanks! They're coming!

416: Commander, defend the trench with the HOCs!

416: With their help, we'll be absolutely fine!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The Griffin team managed to repel the military's assault for the time being.

416: Now's our chance! Retreat!

M4 SOPMOD II: AK-12, has Ange come about?!

AK-12: There's still a heartbeat! Let's go!

AN-94: Another round and even Ange will not make it. If only we had adrenaline...

416: Adrenaline? Why don't you ask for bread while you're at it?!

416: What matters now is to figure out where to go!

RO635: There's an outpost just ahead. We can seek shelter in there and resuscitate Ange!

M4 SOPMOD II: Then let's be on our way! The enemies are gonna catch up soon!

AN-94: So...that Dinergate...

RO635: It isn't important! Just run!

Angelia: I'm...still alive?

AK-12: Da, we're all still alive.

Angelia: How?

AN-94: Hope has appeared.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange!

Angelia: SOP-II?

Angelia: Is...is that you?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's me! Didn't expect to see me, did you?

Angelia: You seem so different. The thing on your shoulder...

RO635: Oh...don't mind me. Just know that I'm your ally. Good evening, Miss Ange.

Angelia: Hello... That color scheme looks very familiar. The voice also rings...

416: Sorry. There's a lot of interference in the contamination zone; we couldn't isolate your frequency so we had to rush over here on foot.

416: After all, the radiation is still spreading erratically and so is the outbreak. As long as we remain in the theater, we can run into ELIDs anywhere.

Angelia: 416...you came as well?

416: Surprised?

Angelia: What about the others in Squad 404?

416: UMP45 is badly injured, so the others have withdrawn to take care of her. Sorry they didn't have time to say hello.

Angelia: That's fine. I'd feel a lot better with the whole squad here, but even you are no match against the military's tanks on your own.

416: We know, which is why the commander has mobilized the HOCs to help us defend the trench!

AN-94: That might not be enough. As illustrated by the previous encounter, we can only hold off the military's attack temporarily.

416: We've also brought along some comms equipment that we can use to contact the commander, but it'll take some time to assemble. Activating it will also draw the military's attention.

AK-12: We clearly don't have time for that.

AK-12: Yegor is amassing the entirety of the military's remaining forces to annihilate us. They'll have this bunker surrounded in no time.

AN-94: Da, the military is going to launch the next round of attacks any minute. We must come up with a contingency as soon as possible.

M4 SOPMOD II: We have no choice but to make a run for it now, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's destroy all enemies in the way while the encirclement isn't complete yet!

416: The military's rear forces will get into position soon so that's too risky.

416: Maybe we should be stealthier and sneak around their scouts to get out of here.

Angelia: If we fight our way out, we must eliminate all enemies as fast as we can and will possibly have to deal with their reinforcements...

Angelia: If we sneak out, and their detectors are too perceptive; we could run the risk of being discov—

Angelia: Cough...cough! Cough, cough!

AK-12: Ange!

AN-94: Ange was caught in the explosion just now. The Collapse Fluid is eating away at her body even more quickly. We're running out of time!

Angelia: Then let's go...cough!

Angelia: In any case, we must get outta here...cough, cough!

Angelia: Cough, cough, cough, cough!!

Angelia: I can't... my body...is already...

Angelia: I can't give up... I can't give up!

Angelia: I can't let them come all this way for nothing! There must be another way!

...

...Meanwhile, Yegor is observing Ange's hideout.

Yegor: That bitch has slinked into the bunkers there. With that infection, she must be trying to slip off to somewhere with less contamination.

Yegor: The only card in her hand is the few HOCs, but they'll be crushed easily once our main force gets here.

Military Corporal: Sir, we just received a report. Our artillery force's ETA has been pushed back by 15 minutes.

...Yegor turns around.

Yegor: 15 minutes? What's taking them so long? Have they encountered enemies?

Military Corporal: They have run into a group of ELIDs. They wish to avoid a direct confrontation and are considering taking a detour.

Yegor: I thought I'd made myself clear. Destroy all ELIDs on sight. Tell them to get their asses over here.

Military Corporal: Sir, you should know who these ELIDs are. They—

...Yegor grabs his subordinate by the collar.

Yegor: I know them better than you, Corporal!

...Yegor grits his teeth. The lesions spread across his face make his appearance all the more twisted and disfigured.

Then he loosens his grip, and the subordinate backs off. Yegor sits down on a pile of supply boxes and takes a deep breath.

Yegor: I know full well these are my comrades - my brothers.

Yegor: Many of them have been going through death and destruction by my side for over a decade. The nuclear missiles in WWIII didn't kill us. Not to mention the T-Dolls...we even managed to escape from those true instruments of death.

Yegor: But today...they died at the hands of that crazy bitch. She detonated a Collapse Fluid bomb just to impede us.

...Yegor's gaze bore into everyone present.

Yegor: I know, wars are supposed to be devoid of honor and emotion, but you should also know...the one who hates the idea of killing these ELIDs the most is the one who has to give the order - ME!

Yegor: But now, you have all seen for yourselves the damage Collapse Fluid can wreak... That's right, I'll give it to you straight - these brothers are beyond our help. We cannot save them.

Yegor: All we can do is avenge them, and we could miss our chance because of a minute's delay...

Yegor: Now, Corporal, do I have to repeat everything I just said to them myself?

Military Corporal: No, sir. They'll be here right away.

...The corporal speaks into his communicator, and the sound of heavy bombardment comes from a distance.

Yegor: May their spirits rest in peace... Now, we seek vengeance from the culprit herself!

...Yegor rises to his feet.

Yegor: The main force is on its way. Complete the encirclement ASAP and tighten our security. We mustn't let them take a single step out of here before the artillery force completely flattens this place!

Yegor: We have to destroy them here, and this is our only chance!

...The rescue party is trying to break through the encirclement.

416: Something's not right! The military has changed the way they position their troops! They must've called for reinforcements!

AK-12: Nyet...not reinforcements...

AK-12: It's their main force!

Yegor: I'll admit, Ange, you're better than most of the pros I've met...

Yegor: ...at dying!

Yegor: My artillery force is getting into position. We'll see how much of a beating your mongrel T-Dolls can take!

Yegor: And I wonder just how tough you really are! It's time to pay your dues, Angelia!

M4 SOPMOD II: That bastard is insane! He's trying to raze this place to the ground!

AN-94: Their main force is advancing! Ange, should we fall back or—

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange passed out! We're on our own!

416: Without Ange in command, we can't put together an effective escape plan!

AN-94: AK-12, what...should we do?

AK-12: Keep calm. Abort the objective to escape.

AK-12: Fall back to the trench and prepare to defend it!

RO635: This isn't a fair fight...

RO635: I'm afraid...we...

Military Corporal: Sir, Ange's troops have pulled back. Our main force has also pinned down their HOCs. Should we push forward?

Yegor: Those T-Dolls will surely put up a fight. Even if we storm the hideout, their firepower is still a threat.

Yegor: I don't care how many are sacrificed for victory, but I can't be so brash when it comes to vengeance. I can't let any more subordinates die at the hands of those slipshod tin cans.

Military Corporal: Then what are your orders, sir?

Yegor: Out of us all, which unit has killed the most ELIDs?

Military Corporal: The artillery force. They left no survivors along the way to get here as fast as they could.

Yegor: Just as I thought. Let them come forward and do the honor.

Yegor: We'll just have to stay out here and catch our rats.

Yegor: Let the artillery force channel all their wrath and raze everything to the ground! Burn that bitch and her homemaker Dolls till not even their ashes remain!

...An hour later.

...Yegor stands before the bombardment site and beholds the masterpiece he created with artillery fire.

...Griffin's shelter is engulfed in a sea of fire and destruction. He walks away from this scorching inferno with his subordinates.

Yegor: In the end, my subordinate spotted Ange's corpse in the crater. Her face was obscured by the flaming tendrils dancing around her.

Yegor: My greatest regret right now is that humans don't get to live a second time.

Yegor: I did not get to savor the face she made as she faced her death - the desperate blubbering of a coward or the calm determination of a hero.

Yegor: Whichever it was, I have sadly missed it.

Yegor: Of course, this tiny regret is inconsequential compared to the gratification of our vengeance.

Yegor: Once we have confirmed all the facts, we can move on...

Yegor: We need to put the comrades shuffling around the battlefield to rest, then erase anything unnecessary.

Yegor: In any case, this accursed strife is finally coming to an end.

Yegor: It's all just a matter of time, but only those who survived can take their time to write down the history.

...

...

Nyto: We are surprised you are still capable of such deception under these circumstances.

Nyto: We have truly underestimated you, Griffin Commander.

Nyto: We must administer a larger, but not fatal, dosage.

A Nyto takes out another syringe and injects the truth serum into my veins.

The effect starts kicking in quickly, but I can still resist it. I still have a bit of willpower...though I don't know if I'm already running on fumes...

Nyto: Ange did not die, at least not in this battle. We saw her kill one of us with our very own eyes.

Nyto: So tell us how she survived and with whom she has had dealings.

I will tell them everything that comes to mind.

The lies, the truth. Let them guess.

I know what they're really after. I also know the consequences of giving them what they want.

Nyto: Humans are fragile contraptions that break down easily.

Nyto: If you wish to leave this facility with your mind and body intact, value the chance you have been given and tell the truth.

That's why I need time...as well as all sorts of fantasies to counter the truth serum.

How many more times will Miss Ange die in my story?

At the very least, she has to keep dying till I can live...

...

...The rescue party's stealthy retreat is discovered by the military!

Yegor: So you really decided to sneak away, vile rats!

Yegor: Artillery force, fire at the target area!

Yegor: All other units, block all the exits! Kill everything on sight!

416: We're busted. The military is on our tail!

RO635: They're not pursuing us. They're trying to blow us to pieces with artillery fire!

M4 SOPMOD II: Isn't that worse?!

Yegor: We have you completely surrounded! You'll either die from the artillery fire or my own bullets!

AK-12: Run! Don't look back!

M4 SOPMOD II: 94, don't drop Ange! We'll cover you!

AN-94: Which way should we move, Ange?

AN-94: ...Ange? Hey, Ange!

RO635: Ange passed out! We must get out of here ASAP!

M4 SOPMOD II: Shut up, RO! You're slowing down my reaction speed!

RO635: I'm scanning the terrain! That's more important than whatever you're doing!

RO635: Yegor is bluffing - the military hasn't completely surrounded this area. There is an opening right ahead of us!

RO635: Run to the cover over there and head east, 4 o'clock! Don't let the enemies intercept you!

AK-12: Follow RO's direction! We're making a run for it!

...Ten minutes later.

Military Corporal: Sir, Ange's party slipped through the encirclement.

Yegor: I saw that five minutes ago. You got outrun by a few Dolls?

Military Corporal: Our pursuit was less efficient than we expected. Their HOCs kept disrupting our attempts.

Yegor: Their firepower doesn't pose much threat to us. Send out the high-mobility units first and confirm their whereabouts. Is the drone still not ready?

Military Corporal: It's still being repaired. We can only scan for their signals at the moment, but have no way of confirming visuals. However, their movements are still clearly traceable with our surveillance.

Military Corporal: And sir, there is an abandoned structure in the direction Ange's party is headed toward. They are very likely to seek refuge in there.

Yegor: We're in the heart of the battlefield; they have no hope of getting help. Capturing them is only a matter of time!

Yegor: They'll be digging their own graves when they walk inside that building. I will savor her despair and kill her with my own hands!

...Meanwhile, the rescue party is on the run.

RO635: AK-12, I see an abandoned building just ahead. With a thick exterior wall, the radiation should be lower inside.

RO635: We can take refuge in there to treat Ange and contact the Commander.

AN-94: The military will find us and have us surrounded.

M4 SOPMOD II: Or...just demolish the building with their tanks...

416: Their tanks won't get here so soon. I'm guessing only their mechanical units or human soldiers will enter the building.

416: And you heard Yegor - he wants to seek revenge against Ange himself.

416: So should we all head inside and set up our defenses?

AN-94: That will be more secure, but having all our signals in one place will make us too conspicuous.

AN-94: If only AK-12 and I are in the building, we can hoodwink their scans by camouflaging our signals.

M4 SOPMOD II: 416 and I can only disguise ourselves as Sangvis signals, which is basically useless against the Military.

AK-12: If we do that, we'll have to split up. You can figure out a way to draw the military away so that we have more time to wake Ange up.

AK-12: But even for me...this is a bit too risky...

M4 SOPMOD II: The military may be able to detect Ange's biological signs. If they do enter the building, you three will be in grave danger!

AN-94: But even if we all engage the military right here in the building, the odds are still against us.

416: AK-12, you're the leader now. You decide.

416: Do we all go in, or do just the two of you stay with Ange while the rest of us draw the enemies away?

416: We're about to reach the building, so make up your mind soon!

...The final decision is to have everyone enter the building and set up defenses.

AN-94: I do not think...this is safe.

AK-12: The military will find us, but we'll be prepared.

416: AK-12, we're all ready.

M4 SOPMOD II: AK-12! The military is coming towards the building. They must've discovered us!

AK-12: That's to be expected, but we don't have a choice.

AK-12: At least, we fight together.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Yeah!

RO635: This is the first time we take the military's main force head-on...

416: For Ange...

AK-12: And for ourselves.

AK-12: AN-94, do you resent the choice I made?

AN-94: I trust you, AK-12.

AN-94: No matter what choices we make, in the end, it always comes down to luck. That is what you said.

AK-12: ...That's true.

AK-12: All we need...is a stroke of luck.

...

Angelia: I had a dream.

Angelia: A dream...where others died for me.

Angelia: I know when I wake up, everything in my dream will come true.

Angelia: But I must wake up.

Angelia: This is something I...must face.

...

Angelia: Yegor...

Yegor: You had very loyal subordinates. They fought to the bitter end, as all Tactical Dolls are expected to.

Yegor: Naturally, their effort was futile against us.

Angelia: They... are they...

Yegor: I left some of them alive. My men are taking them apart downstairs. Some of the stuff in their neural clouds might be worth something.

Yegor: As for you, I've just been waiting for you to wake up. That's all.

Yegor: Got anything else to say?

Yegor: Or are you waiting for more new toys to come to your rescue? Or have you rigged this building with explosives?

Yegor: Sadly, I've searched it thoroughly beforehand. There's nothing here.

Yegor: No reinforcements, no explosives, no Griffin-or-whatever T-Dolls.

Yegor: Yes, that's the face. This is the moment I've been waiting for.

Yegor: ...Now, good night.

...

...Bang!

...

Nyto: We are surprised you are still capable of such deception under these circumstances.

Nyto: We have truly underestimated you, Griffin Commander.

Nyto: We must administer a larger, but not fatal, dosage.

A Nyto takes out another syringe and injects the truth serum into my veins.

The effect starts kicking in quickly, but I can still resist it. I still have a bit of willpower...though I don't know if I'm already running on fumes...

Nyto: Ange did not die, at least not in this battle. We saw her kill one of us with our very own eyes.

Nyto: So tell us how she survived and with whom she has had dealings.

I will tell them everything that comes to mind.

The lies, the truth. Let them guess.

I know what they're really after. I also know the consequences of giving them what they want.

Nyto: Humans are fragile contraptions that break down easily.

Nyto: If you wish to leave this facility with your mind and body intact, value the chance you have been given and tell the truth.

That's why I need time...as well as all sorts of fantasies to counter the truth serum.

How many more times will Miss Ange die in my story?

At the very least, she has to keep dying till I can live...

...

...

Yegor: Where did Ange run off to?

Military Corporal: According to our scan, Ange and her subordinates are holed up in a complex in the Yellow Zone. Our mechanical units have already locked onto their coordinates.

Military Corporal: It will still take a while for the tanks to arrive at the site, but we have a surveillance outpost right in front of the complex. However, we cannot determine the situation in the outpost remotely.

Yegor: Don't be distracted by unimportant matters. Our soldiers will do their duty...as long as they're alive...

Yegor: Have the unit in pursuit confirm their location and numbers visually. Make sure Ange herself is actually in the building.

Military Corporal: We already scanned their signals ten minutes ago.

Yegor: Signals can be faked. This battle has shown me what 16LAB is capable of and I haven't seen Ange on visuals for quite a while.

Military Corporal: You suspect they've split up?

Yegor: As I said, it's quite possible. Sacrificing several Dolls to save your own life - any human would think it's a decent bargain.

Military Corporal: Our analysis shows that the best time for them to split up would've been when they reached the abandoned structure, but the scan we ran on the area detected no human life signs in the building. There are also no signs indicating that any individuals have entered the building.

Yegor: ...Are you certain?

...Meanwhile.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: AK-12...

AK-12: Ange... Finally...

Angelia: I don't see you like this very often... Did I...die?

AK-12: More than once. And you didn't just die. During resuscitation, you went back and forth between being a corpse and a zombie.

Angelia: That pretty much sums up how I'm feeling...

Angelia: It may just be one last burst of strength, but I feel like I can hold out for a while longer.

AK-12: I don't know when you passed out, but the others have already set off half an hour ago.

AN-94: They faked your bio signs and are playing the decoy with the commander's help to draw the military away and buy us some time.

Angelia: The commander?

AN-94: They left their comms equipment behind. We just finished assembling it. You can contact the commander now.

AN-94: We can't stay here for long. The military forces will catch up very soon. We need you to think of a way out.

Angelia: I get it, I get it... I should come up with something...

Angelia: Give me a map...and water. You'll have to feed it to me. I'm not strong enough...

AK-12: You pushed yourself too hard before. Look, your heart almost stopped beating again.

AN-94: Their mechanical units have not entered the building yet. Your biological signs probably did not register on their scan.

Angelia: I'm still pretty weak, but the military might think I'm already dead. That's bad news...

...Meanwhile.

Yegor: What if...

Yegor: What if Ange isn't giving out bio signs?

Military Corporal: What do you mean?

Yegor: She has a bad case of radiation infection. Can her vital signs be so weak our scanners can't read them?

Military Corporal: ...We can't dismiss...that possibility, but it is highly unlikely.

Yegor: Unlikely, but it's still possible. Look into it. Move closer to the building and observe carefully.

Yegor: Once the pursuit unit has secured the perimeters, or if anything moves inside, enter the building!

Yegor: We can't ignore any possibility, and we mustn't let Ange escape!

Angelia: I just talked to the commander. We must secure our evacuation route.

Angelia: I've marked it out on the map, but there are some military facilities along the way. 416 and the others will have to follow the commander's instructions and destroy them for us to evacuate safely.

AK-12: But just having a route isn't enough.

AN-94: The military scouts are still nearby. The moment we leave, we will be spotted. We must find a way to exit safely...

Angelia: I know that, don't rush me!

Angelia: Let me think...

Angelia: Is there a way to leave the building without alerting the military...?

AK-12: Commander, we're leaving the situation out there to you.

AK-12: We'll protect Ange, so don't worry.

AN-94: But...is there really a way...?

...AN-94 stares at the signal scanner, then suddenly—

AN-94: Ange! New movements from the surrounding enemies!

AK-12: It's their scouts! They seem to be moving towards us!

Angelia: Why...? Have they seen through the ploy?

AK-12: Nyet, but I don't know why! We must climb higher!

Angelia: No! They could just be observing the building. We mustn't move recklessly.

AN-94: So we just...wait?

Angelia: We can't get out anyway. This is all we can do.

Angelia: Just sit here...and wait to hear back from the Commander, then think...

...Meanwhile.

416: Commander! As Ange mentioned, our target is their surveillance outpost.

416: We must eliminate all enemies there in order to secure Ange's evacuation route.

416: Time is short; the Military's main force will be here any minute. Let's get this done ASAP!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...With the HOCs' aid, 416's team swiftly crushes the military's surveillance outpost.

M4 SOPMOD II: All enemies are destroyed. What are you waiting for, 416? Report to the Commander already!

416: Not all. The scanner is reading a few human life signs.

M4 SOPMOD II: Probably just ELIDs. Most of the survivors are unarmed logistics personnel. They either got killed by ELIDs or ran off.

416: Don't let your guard down. Make sure you leave no one alive, no matter who it is...

416: ...They're right behind this door.

...They all stop just outside the medical room. Soft moans and a shuffling noise can be heard through the door.

RO635: (Whispers) There really are people in the room, but judging by their positions, they don't seem to be on guard...

416: (Whispers) Could be ELIDs.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Whispers) In any case, we can't attack unarmed humans!

416: That's not up to you. Just pray our visual reflexes are quicker than our fingers on the trigger.

416: Ready. On three. One...

416: Two...

416: Three!

...Slam! 416 kicks the door open.

ELID: GUARGHHHH!

416: ELID!

...Bang bang!

...416 and SOP-II immediately kill the ELID within.

416: I knew it...

RO635: 416, in the corner...

...416 turns her attention to the corner of the room. A few humans are cowering in fear.

Human female: Please... I'm just a doctor... please...cough...

M4 SOPMOD II: 416, these people are infected, but only mildly.

Human male: I...cough...was just trying to save them...cough...

416: You're not saving anybody. SOP-II, tie them up. We're going.

...416 gets in touch with the commander.

416: Commander, we've seized the surveillance outpost. Now...

416: ...What? Ange may have been discovered?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, how's that possible...?

416: The commander says Yegor's forces...probably realized they hadn't seen Ange with us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then what should we do? If the military storms the building, this would've been a fool's errand, and we won't make it back in time...

416: Their scouts haven't moved in yet. They're probably monitoring us remotely at the same time to visually confirm if Ange really isn't with us.

416: What do we do, Commander? Should we return to the building and help Ange?

...In the comms window, SOP-II is tying up the army doctors behind 416.

M4 SOPMOD II: 416, I found some adrenaline! It could be useful for Ange!

416: Take it. If you can't think of anything, we'll have no choice but to turn back, Commander.

Commander: Hmm...
If choice 1 was picked

416: Raw materials?

416: Commander...what are you looking at? Those humans? I believe this is beyond a T-Doll's understanding.
If choice 2 was picked

416: Probably, as long as there is enough distance between us. We should be far enough.

416: You have an idea, Commander?
If choice 3 was picked

416: Dye...? (Turns around) Humans, is there any dye around here?
If choice 3 was picked

Human female: There...there's some camouflage face paint...
If choice 3 was picked

416: You heard that, Commander. But what good is it going to do?

...The commander proposes a plan.

RO635: 416, any ideas yet? The military is going to catch up soon! What do we do?! We can't just conjure an Ange out of thin air!

416: RO...

416: Why can't we?

RO635: 416? What did the commander tell you? What should we do?

416: One thing I learned from 404 - no risk, no reward. I'll do anything to complete a mission.

416: Now, let's play a game.

...Meanwhile, Ange contacts the commander.

Angelia: Commander, I...

Angelia: I'm sorry. I can't think of anything...

Angelia: Yegor is only after me. If I walk outside, it'll definitely get their attention, especially when they already know something's off.

AN-94: Don't give up just yet, Ange. Their scouts are not making a move yet.

Angelia: But this time I'm really out of ideas... This is all because of me. I honestly don't know how to keep everyone alive...

Angelia: Commander, you've done your best, and I have nothing else to say. I think it's time...

Commander: Ange...
If choice 1 was picked

Angelia: We've all experienced failure. Most of the time, it's not due to our own fault that we fail. You've done very well. It's me...
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: They can make it out. Yegor won't treat T-Dolls as prey. I...
If choice 3 was picked

Angelia: You can't grapple with the military indefinitely. I think it's time to put an end to this. Let me...

AK-12: What the hell are you saying, Ange?

AK-12: If you give up, what are we going to do?

Angelia: The commander will take care of you. You will have better opportunities to put your skills to good use.

AN-94: But you are our charge. If we fail to protect you, then we...

Angelia: I know you'll be devastated, but you can just have your neural clouds wiped—

AK-12: Like what you did to the AR Team? You want to delete SOP-II's memories again?

AK-12: How many more times do you want to die just to make us all forget you?!

Angelia: ...

Angelia: We're out of time. Get out of here.

Angelia: Take all the combat records and the HOCs back with you... Avenge me...

Angelia: ...What? Commander? What...did you say...?

Angelia: ...There is a way?

Military Corporal: Commander, our unit in pursuit seems to have caught sight of Ange!

Yegor: What?

Military Corporal: But they're too far away; we could only capture a blurry image.

Yegor: The hair color and physique look right, but can't we get a clearer view?

Military Corporal: The readings confirm her as human. She appears to be unconscious on the back of the T-Doll from the AR Team. They've split up with the rest of the party.

Military Corporal: Ange has resumed her course and is moving stealthily, going from cover to cover, while Griffin's HOCs are circling around. They seem to be withdrawing.

Yegor: Then go after her! But send a team to keep pursuing the Griffin T-Dolls.

Yegor: Ange's condition will continue to deteriorate in the Yellow Zone, so she's planning to use the HOCs as decoys and slip away.

Military Corporal: Roger. Then what about the surveillance unit at the abandoned building?

Yegor: Hold position and keep monitoring the building. Our forces are stretched thin, but we can't have any blind spots in our surveillance.

Yegor: (...Have I considered everything?)

Yegor: (We send our main force to pursue the human we suspect to be Ange while keeping an eye on the Griffin T-Dolls. Even if Ange really is hiding in the building, the moment she tries to escape, we'll have her pinned down.)

Yegor: (There aren't any other possibilities. There's no way she can turn the situation around!)

Yegor: (I have that bitch completely cornered!)

Angelia: Commander...you mean...

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Angelia: The HOCs? There aren't that many of them. They can't possibly counter the military's main force, can they?
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: Don't escape? Then what exactly should I do?
If choice 3 was picked

Angelia: So long as I can live, I don't care if I have to watch all the humans in the Military get buried alive.

Angelia: What do you have in mind?

...Ange listens to the Commander's explanation.

AK-12: You want to create roadside bombs using the HOCs' remaining artillery shells?

AN-94: That is no difficult task for T-Dolls, but the bombs will not be enough to blow up all of the Military's tanks.

Angelia: What the commander means is to rig the building with the IEDs once they're ready.

Angelia: Yegor will come sooner or later. He said he's gonna come for me and have his revenge, so these bombs will be our last bargaining chips.

AK-12: You want to blackmail them into retreating with the IEDs?

AN-94: Are you sure Yegor will come in person?

Angelia: Not at all, he isn't an impulsive man, but everyone has their impulsive moments.

Angelia: If we're making my survival a priority, this is a chance we have to take.

AN-94: But this will require the commander to lead the HOCs back here first. And even if we prepare the IEDs swiftly, we may not have long enough to rig the building.

AN-94: Installing the explosives will take some time. I highly doubt we have the skills to do it... Besides, without the artillery shells, we will not have enough firepower in the subsequent battles.

AK-12: Subsequent battles?

AN-94: Ange is not the only person still alive on the battlefield...

AK-12: Right...

Angelia: I don't wish to delay someone else's rescue, especially when my chances are so small to begin with.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Angelia: We won't give up, but if it really comes to that, I can't bear...
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: I know, but this time the odds are pretty much insurmountable.
If choice 3 was picked

Angelia: Believe in you... I'm not sure, Commander. It's the military's main force we're coming up against...

AK-12: Ange...

Angelia: Fine... Commander, after so many battles, you've proved yourself to be far more capable than me.

Angelia: I believe you'll make the right decision - perhaps a better one than mine.

Angelia: If you've set your mind on executing this dangerous plan, we're going all in as well. But promise me - the moment something doesn't look right, please abort the mission and retreat.

Angelia: Do you understand, Commander? No matter what your decision is, we're happy to accept it, but don't give up hope.

Angelia: Then let's get to work, Task Force DEFY. Start preparing the IEDs while the commander buys us more time!

...Shrieks and clamor come through Yegor's communicator.

Human female voice: I'm one of your own! Don't kill me!

Human female voice: Cough...please! I was forced into this! I didn't do anything! Oh god!

Military soldier: Sir, we've captured the target that appeared to be Ange. We've confirmed that she is one of our medical personnel, given a simple makeover to resemble Ange.

Human female voice: That T-Doll knocked me out and left me here...cough... I need...cough, cough! I beg you...

Yegor: ...

Military soldier: She is infected and in need of treatment... Sir?

Yegor: Bring her back and treat her on the way.

...Yegor leans against one of the tanks and massages his brows with his fingers.

Yegor: Ange is in the building...

Yegor: She was just buying time to treat herself! FUCK!

...Yegor punches the tank in fury, then gets up and walks toward the command room.

Military soldier: Sir! The Griffin party is making a run for the building!

Yegor: They're going back to defend it! This is their last attempt to protect Ange!

Yegor: Where are the scouts? Can they enter the building before Griffin gets there?

Military soldier: They can, but the building is within the range of Griffin's HOCs. They may come under attack if they get too close!

Yegor: Then have them stand by on the spot. All combat personnel, head toward the target building and surround it!

Yegor: Ange! All those tricks are for nothing! Even if your Dolls make it back to the building, they'll just be heading to their deaths!

Yegor: This time, there'll be no escape for you!

...Ten minutes later, the rescue party returns to the building. 416 gives Ange a dose of adrenaline.

Angelia: Phew... Thanks. I'm feeling a lot better.

416: I should've recorded your scream when I stabbed you with the needle.

Angelia: Don't play it at my funeral, thanks.

Angelia: Now I can finally do some simple thinking.

AK-12: Commander, Griffin's party has returned to the building. We'll start mounting our final defenses.

AK-12: The artillery shells have been modified into IEDs. AN-94 and I are installing them as fast as we can. We'll also sort out the detonator!

Angelia: Are we really doing this? I'm seriously not sure if...

AN-94: Worst case, we all die here, but we are all prepared for that.

Angelia: SOP-II and 416 aren't...

Angelia: They have another mission - the commander... The commander is still in danger. You can't die here.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sorry, Commander's orders. I can't very well disobey them, can I?

Angelia: Commander, I don't understand. Why are you so hellbent on saving me?

...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: I'm used to being in danger. This is just another mission.
If choice 1 was picked

Angelia: In other words, you haven't realized just how important you are, have you?
If choice 1 was picked

AK-12: That's exactly why the Commander is so important, don't you think? We can't win if we never take any risks.
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: Griffin needs commanders with an eye for tactics, not an idiot like me.
If choice 2 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Sorry, I don't think any of us qualifies. I guess that's why we're all on the same boat?
If choice 3 was picked

Angelia: This is the battlefield! It's no place to talk about personal debts! Commander, we don't owe each other anything!
If choice 3 was picked

416: Now you owe the commander one, Ange. Better start drafting your thank-you letter.

AN-94: Since it is all decided, Ange, start thinking about what we are going to do.

Angelia: ...Alright.

Angelia: Our priority is to slow the enemies down until the IEDs are all in place.

Angelia: The Military will storm the building at all costs. We must buy ourselves more time!

RO635: SOP-II, 416, the military is surrounding us in four directions!

416: Jeez...they're calling in their entire main force.

416: They've already caught on. They know Ange is in the building!

RO635: Now that I think about it, this is the first time...we're engaging the military's main force directly.

RO635: I wish...I could fight in my T-Doll body.

M4 SOPMOD II: Just take a good nap, RO.

M4 SOPMOD II: When you wake up, we'll be leaving this place with Ange!

RO635: Well, there's nothing much for me to do. I'll leave it to you then.

M4 SOPMOD II: Actually...will you stay awake, RO?

RO635: Huh? Why?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's only the AR Team when the two of us are together.

RO635: ...Suit yourself.

RO635: I'll record everything for you - the glorious battle in which the AR Team takes on the military's main force.

416: They're coming! HOCs, prepare for battle!

416: Commander, this is our last stand. We must fend off their attack and buy time for Task Force DEFY!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The military main force attacks relentlessly and is gradually dominating the battle!

416: AK-12, we can't hold them off much longer! How far off are you?!

AK-12: We're still installing them! Just hang in there for a bit!

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't know how long we can keep this up! Can't you work faster?!

RO635: SOP-II, to the left!

M4 SOPMOD II: I see it!

AN-94: We have finished installing the minimum amount of IEDs required!

AN-94: AK-12, your detonator—

RO635: 416, grenade!

...BOOM!!

AK-12: 416, what's going on?! 416!

416: I'm out of ammo! They're swarming in!

RO635: Grenade! SOP-II, duck!

...BOOM! Explosions go off one after the other.

AK-12: 416! SOP-II! What's happening out there?! Answer me!

AK-12: 416! Do you copy?!

416: They've breached our defenses! Yegor has entered the building!

416: We must get them off our tail fast!

AN-94: AK-12, where is the detonator?!

AK-12: We're not gonna make it...

AN-94: What...?

AK-12: Now that the enemies are inside the building, I can't wire them all together!

AK-12: It's simply impossible to set up all the IEDs within such a limited amount of time!

AN-94: ...Is it impossible?

AN-94: We are...so close...

AK-12: We've come so far... Ange, is it really over...just like that?

AN-94: Ange...what should we do now? Is there a backup plan...?

Angelia: ...

AK-12: ...Ange?

416: SOP-II, keep up! Those trip mines won't hold them off for long!

416: AK-12, are the bombs ready yet?!

416: AK-12?! AN-94?! Scheiße! Somebody answer me!

The very air grows still. The sound of crossfire is getting closer and closer.

Ange raises her head slowly.

Angelia: Give me another dose of adrenaline.

AN-94: But in its current condition, your body cannot...

Angelia: Give me another dose of adrenaline.

AK-12: ...94, give it to her.

Ange lets out a painful groan as she injects herself with more adrenaline.

Angelia: (Pants)

Beads of sweat are rolling down her forehead. She keeps breathing laboriously to drown out the pain.

Angelia: Here's the plan - take everyone to the roof and stay as far away from me as you can.

AK-12: You want us to retreat without you?

AK-12: Sorry, we can't do that. Yegor's forces already have this place completely surrounded.

Angelia: Of course I know that. That's why I'm giving such an order.

AK-12: ...

AK-12 looks Ange in the eye and finds no hesitation in her steady gaze.

AK-12: I see. Then good luck.

AK-12: 94, tell SOP-II and 416 to retreat to the roof. We'll meet them there.

AN-94: But Ange...

AK-12: Ange is going to sort this out her own way.

AN-94: Understood. I will notify them.

AK-12: Ange, how sure are you about this?

Angelia: There's a 10% chance that this will work, maybe less.

AK-12: Optimistic as ever, I see.

Angelia: If it does work, try to get me out as fast as you can.

AK-12: Understood. I'll be waiting for your order.

AK-12 and AN-94 take their leave.

Ange picks up the detonator that AK-12 didn't manage to set up. She grabs an old chair and sits down slowly.

She fishes out the pistol AK-12 handed back to her and snickers to herself.

Angelia: If I'd known, I wouldn't have emptied the mag back then. I could've blown Yegor's damn brains out now.

...Footsteps coming from downstairs.

Military soldier: There's a sound. The bio signature is just upstairs.

Military soldier: The T-Dolls' signals are further up - on the roof, a considerable distance away from the bio signature...

Military soldier: Could this be a trap?

Yegor: Attention, our target is on the third floor. Hold your positions and stay alert.

Yegor: Let me see what she's up to.

Military soldier: Sir, are you going up alone?

Yegor: She's provoking me...which is why I must end her myself.

Yegor: The T-Dolls aren't by her side; she must've prepared something. Check the building carefully and report to me at once if you find anything.

Military soldier: Yes, sir.

Yegor: Now let's see what kind of tricks you've still got with one foot already in your coffin, Ange.

...Yegor walks up the stairs. Finally, he is face-to-face with the woman.

Yegor: Angelia.

Angelia: Captain Yegor.

Angelia: We meet again.

Yegor: You don't have your subordinates with you.

Angelia: Neither do you.

Yegor: I am more than enough to deal with you.

Angelia: You talk big for a guy who made a huge fuss and dragged an entire crowd along to pursue me. That's a rather pathetic way of chasing women.

Yegor: Are these your last words? You're even more boring than I thought. Ange, you really disappoint me.

Angelia: Sorry, I really am just a boring woman.

Angelia: So, are you planning to make a lengthy speech before you kill me?

Yegor: Do I look like a second-rate villain in some trashy movie?

Angelia: You look like one, but I know your head isn't clear enough for the part anymore...

Angelia: Collapse Fluid doesn't just ravage the flesh. You've been enduring the mental instability caused by the radiation while letting me play you for a fool. You must be very close to losing it.

Yegor: You're right. My subordinates and I were a bit out of control because ever since the dirty bomb went off, we've been driven by a single motive - to kill you!

Yegor: The puppet show you put on with your Griffin Dolls hasn't quenched our thirst for vengeance in the slightest, as there is only one thing we're after - your death. Now, it's time!

...Ange gives no response, but Yegor notices her obscured hand making a move.

Yegor: Die!

Yegor pulls out his gun, but at the same time...

Angelia: That fast draw was beautiful. If you weren't an enemy, I might just fall for you.

Yegor: ...!

Angelia: But why haven't you fired?

Angelia: If I'm not mistaken, you seem to be afraid of this?

Ange lifts the detonator.

Angelia: Barging into the building in such a hurry. You didn't even think about why I'd been staying here, did you?

Right then, Yegor receives a transmission.

Military soldier: Sir, we've discovered multiple IEDs hidden around the building!

Military soldier: We only located a few with our scan, but judging by the rigging pattern, we estimate there are a lot more that we haven't picked up yet!

Angelia: Finally caught on? That's right, I put on an act and fooled you into thinking I was extremely weak and feeble, so that you'd have this building surrounded. Then I had my T-Dolls buy time for me to prepare the bombs and just waited for you to come bursting into the building like an idiot.

Angelia: It has always been my plan to get you all in one go and make you pay for betraying me.

Yegor: An...ge...!

Angelia: Oh, don't look at me like that. And I suggest you relax your hand. If you shoot me, my T-Dolls will immediately set off the bombs with the spare detonator.

Yegor: You think you can threaten me?!

Angelia: Of course I can.

Angelia: One last thing - these aren't just regular bombs in the building. They're rigged to a Collapse Fluid canister. If it goes off, all your forces out there will be going down with us.

Yegor: ...Collapse Fluid? Trying to trick me again even now? Cut the crap! You have no way of doing that!

Angelia: What makes you so sure?

Yegor: You're lying! Where can you get so much Collapse Fluid? There can't be more canisters!

Angelia: Why not? Just because I've used one before?

Angelia: Who do you think is more likely to press the detonator - a person who's set off a nuclear bomb or one who hasn't?

Angelia: Why don't you ask your subordinates? They must be busy trying to find the little present we've hidden for you.

Yegor keeps one hand on his gun and fishes out his communicator with the other.

Yegor: Are you detecting a high concentration of Collapse Fluid in the building?

Military soldier: We heard her. We're running a scan right now.

Military soldier: But the contamination is so severe in the area the scanner can't get a proper reading.

Yegor: ...

Angelia: Well? Believe me now?

Yegor: Then what are you waiting for? Push the trigger as you've planned!

Angelia: Hahaha...!

Yegor: What's so funny...?

Angelia: You. You're on the verge of collapsing under all this pressure, but you're still trying to pressure ME.

Angelia: Not bad. I'll give you some good news - you're in luck; I just changed my mind.

Angelia: Order your troops outside to withdraw to the outskirts and let me - and all my T-Dolls - leave this place.

Angelia: Then I'll think about letting you all off the hook.

Yegor: You wish, Ange! I've finally made it this far, I won't just let you slip away again!

Yegor: Push that trigger and let's go to hell together if you dare!

Angelia: Don't try me! This is your final chance!

Angelia: Or you'll take another radiation bath! But this time, neither you nor your subordinates will survive!

Yegor: You think I'm scared of dying here? We're soldiers, Ange! And you know what soldiers are made of!

Angelia: I know you, Yegor - you're their commanding officer!

Angelia: You may consider T-Dolls worthless, but these humans are your comrades and brothers! Will you endanger them again just so you can have your revenge?

Yegor: My men...don't mind making sacrifices!

Angelia: So you want them to eat another dirty bomb?! Just how selfish can you be?! Think about their future! Think about their families! The moment I use this detonator, you, as well as everyone here, won't ever get a chance to have your revenge!

Yegor: You're bluffing! Either that, or you're fucking insane!

Angelia: I am! That's why I'm capable of anything! They have all left me for dead and this is my last lifeline!

Angelia: I'm not afraid of anything! I'm happy to trade my own life and my worthless T-Dolls in exchange for bringing down so many enemies!

Angelia: ...No matter what you do, I win.

Angelia: So...take your pick. Either we all live...or you're all coming with me!

...Ange grins wolfishly. Yegor can't discern any ulterior motive from her cold eyes. She is only forcing him to do one thing...to make a choice.

...Yegor knows that at this point, he really doesn't have one.

...Slowly, he lays down his weapon.

Yegor: ...

Yegor: This time, you win.

Yegor: I'll spare your worthless life for now.

Yegor: Attention, this building is suspected to be rigged with explosives containing Collapse Fluid. Withdraw three kilometers and keep a safe distance from this structure. That's an order - everyone out, NOW!

...Ange stands up and walks slowly toward the window.

AK-12: Ange, do you copy? The Military is starting to withdraw. Our path to the extraction point is clear!

Angelia: I know. Come and get me.

She turns back to Yegor.

Angelia: You make a fine commanding officer. I'll admit you're a good soldier, but you're fighting on the wrong side.

AK-12 and AN-94 jump in through the window and aim their weapons at Yegor.

Yegor: So you're getting rid of me after all.

Angelia: Kill you? There's nothing in it for me.

Angelia: The Sangvis mastermind has given us the slip. Is there any reason why we must tear each other's throats out?

Yegor: You know I have a reason.

Angelia: I once had a million reasons to kill you, too.

Angelia: But not now. I've got more important stuff to do.

Yegor: This isn't the end, Angelia...

Yegor: ...Just you wait.

...Ange lets herself be pulled onto AK-12's back under Yegor's vicious glare.

Angelia: Leave it till next time. Here, a little souvenir for you. I hope it'll help you remember a hard lesson learned.

Ange tosses the detonator onto the floor as AK-12 and AN-94 jump out through the window with her.

Yegor walks steadily toward the window and picks up the detonator. He stares wordlessly at the empty sky outside.

...Half an hour later.

Military soldier: Sir, according to the bomb disposal unit's report, the IEDs installed in the building...weren't connected to any detonator...

Military soldier: The drone has run a detailed scan on the whole structure and found no sign of any canister containing a high concentration of Collapse Fluid either...

Yegor: ...

Military soldier: Sir...

Yegor: I knew it... I knew it...

...Yegor remains incredibly calm. He merely gazes emptily at the detonator Ange left behind.

Yegor: I knew she was bluffing...

Yegor: It wasn't unexpected at all...

Yegor: But I had no choice. You all know what that woman is capable of. I couldn't put your lives in danger again.

Military soldier: Sir...

Military soldier: Next time, no matter what happens, we are ready to sacrifice ourselves at your command.

Yegor peers at the corporal. He takes a deep breath and claps his subordinate on the shoulder.

Yegor: Save that for our next operation. Our country will demand greater sacrifices from us all.

Yegor: For the country's bright future, we must proceed to the next stage of the plan...

...Meanwhile.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange! I didn't know you threw in some Collapse Fluid! But what actually is Collapse Fluid?

Angelia: Haha...as if. I had no more cards up my sleeve back then; all I could do was give them a scare.

Angelia: I knew Yegor would be suspicious when he saw me on my own. I merely stoked his suspicions and made him scare the pants off himself.

AK-12: That was real dirty.

Angelia: If I didn't strike him where it hurt, I couldn't have shaken his resolve.

Angelia: He isn't afraid to die, but he can't bear to watch so many of his men die before him. It wasn't the first time...

416: Ange, I'm curious - if the IEDs were fully functional, would you really have detonated them?

Angelia: ...I don't know. We'll see if it ever comes to that. I'll improvise.

AK-12: You always devise very elaborate plans with provisions made for various contingencies, yet now you talk about improvising.

AK-12: I mean, I don't mind winging it when something unexpected happens, but you really went off the deep end this time - even I think so.

Angelia: To be honest, it was all empty bravado. I banked everything on three things - one, the Military couldn't find all of the IEDs that quickly; two, the radiation had spread enough to affect the entire area and interfere with their scanner; and three, Yegor was befuddled by my high-pressure tactics...

Angelia: The result...was mostly down to luck. If Yegor hadn't been infected, if he hadn't been so impatient to have his revenge, with his experience, he could most certainly have come up with something else, and my hands would've been truly tied...

AN-94: But in the end, we did survive - that's what truly matters. You saved us, Ange.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah, I didn't actually expect all of us to live!

Angelia: I'm the one who's saved; you just got dragged into this because of me.

Angelia: I'm very grateful to you all and the commander...

RO635: Now we're going to rescue the commander, aren't we?

AK-12: Hmm... The military has resumed their pursuit.

AN-94: They are currently occupied with cleaning up the scene and treating their wounded. This is our best chance.

M4 SOPMOD II: Thank goodness you haven't been in any kind of danger so far, Commander. You managed to stay hidden in the secret safe house this whole time - how lucky!

...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Help?
If choice 2 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: See? But aren't you bored having been on your own for so long?
If choice 2 was picked

416: The commander does have company. They aren't together, but they can still chat.
If choice 3 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha! Sorry, but you're so well hidden I doubt there could be any threat.
If choice 3 was picked

416: Rather, they have neutralized all the threats.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh? Who do you mean?

416: The two elite T-Dolls Fräulein Kalin sent to protect the commander.

RO635: She only sent...two?

416: We're understaffed, but those two are more than enough for the job.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? I'm not sure about that. Who are they?

416: One is an elite model that IOP has kept under wraps for a long time. She isn't exactly a team player, but she's good.

416: Her name is...

M82A1: Griffin T-Doll M82A1.

The sound of a ferocious shootout comes through the channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Is there a fight somewhere?

M82A1: I've been fighting the whole time.

M82A1: Kalina told me a rescue party was on their way, but I didn't know you'd take so long. The commander is in trouble. Please hurry up.

Angelia: Trouble? What trouble?

...Bang!

M870: Gunshot! They're coming, bearing 300°!

M82A1: I heard that too, thank you very much. Don't interrupt me.

M82A1: Allow me to introduce M870 - a problematic T-Doll that's good for nothing if not for her skills.

M870: "Good for nothing if not for her skills and COOLNESS", thank you very much!

M870: Nice to meet you, guys, but I'm not interested in going out for drinks with strangers under such dangerous circumstances!

M870: Right now, there are only the two of us protecting the commander, so can you please hurry the fuck up?!

AK-12: What enemies have you run into? Can you describe them?

M82A1: I've been trying to figure that out myself. These things we're coming up against...

M82A1: What exactly are they...? T-Dolls? ...Humans? Or...some sort of "emissaries"?

M870: I'm not sure if I can take care of them!

M870: Just to make it clear, girls - you do understand that by "I'm not sure", I actually mean "I can't", right?

AK-12: Now we do. But what kind of enemies are we talking about?

M82A1: I don't know what they are.

M82A1: Have you seen these white Dolls before?

M870: And...that kinky slut wearing a white tunic over there?

416: ...

Angelia: What...white Dolls?

416: We really must hurry.

416: Commander, we're in big trouble!

...The night is over and the sky starts turning a pinkish white. Everyone is making their final preparations for the decisive battle.

Angelia: New enemies?! Why didn't you mention anything?!

416: Our mission so far didn't have use for such information!

416: Have you got any clue, Ange?

Angelia: No...but I might be able to make a guess going by their characteristics. What do they look like?

M4 SOPMOD II: You'll see for yourself soon.

AN-94: Making all those bombs just now has weakened our HOCs' firepower significantly.

AN-94: If they use up all the remaining artillery shells now, our next move...

Angelia: Use them all. Save nothing. This is our last move.

Angelia: Commander, how are you doing?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, of course we are! You're our Commander!
If choice 1 was picked

RO635: Even though I'm stuck in this form...I'll still do my best for you!
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, you've helped us out so many times. This time, let us save you!
If choice 1 was picked

RO635: Please hang in there, Commander!
If choice 2 was picked

416: Of course I have. This is me we're talking about, Commander. You should have complete faith in me.

416: That also applies to this mission to rescue you.
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: Commander, I honestly didn't expect such persistence from you. Are you doing this just because it's your job? Or do you sincerely like it in Griffin?

Angelia: Whatever the case, I WILL repay you. Of course, rescuing you this time won't be enough, but it's a start.
If choice 3 was picked

AK-12: Can't be helped. Ange's orders.

AK-12: Just kidding. You've helped us and Ange out so many times. We should do something to return the favor.
If choice 3 was picked

AN-94: Besides, this operation requires a triumphant conclusion.

AN-94: It is our honor to see everything through to the end.

Angelia: Right, girls. While not everyone is here, almost all the subordinates I've ever had are with me now.

Angelia: I've looked through 416's report. These enemies are powerful and enigmatic, but they have only one objective - to capture the commander.

Angelia: We will NOT let them get what they want. The commander's team will do their best to slow them down, while we'll break through their encirclement and extract the commander from the safe house...

AK-12: Have you seen these stats, Ange? This is gonna be a very tough fight.

416: The black Doll alone almost turned the entire Griffin base upside down, and this white one could only be even more advanced!

Angelia: I know. My experience tells me our chances aren't good at all.

Angelia: But they never are, are they? In any case, the commander needs us now.

Angelia: We MUST succeed and achieve this one last victory for the commander! Let's go!

White Doll: Good morning, Griffin Commander.

White Doll: Do not resist or we will destroy all your subordinates.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

White Doll: If we fail, we die. Since we cannot die, we will succeed.
If choice 2 was picked

White Doll: I perceive no fear in your voice. Are you deceiving me?
If choice 3 was picked

White Doll: Yes, we wish to observe your reactions and compare them to the data we have in your profile.

White Doll: Subject did not react in despair. Supposition inaccurate.

White Doll: Further observation to be conducted after the subject is captured.

Angelia: We won't let you, puppet! We're going to break through your blockade and rescue the commander!

White Doll: All your efforts are futile.

White Doll: Since you will not lay down your arms, I will prove that to you soon.

White Doll: Now, Nytos, let the hunt begin!
Part 2

2

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange! Now!

Angelia: Not yet! Enemy fire is still too heavy!

Angelia: 416, these Ringleaders are totally different than what your information describes!

416: These must be enhanced models! They're even more powerful than the previous ones!

AK-12: I'm dying to know where they came from... What the hell are they?!

AN-94: I have never seen that insignia or those weapons before.

Angelia: We must fall back and wait for another chance!

RO635: How long will it take...? They seem to be getting reinforcements!

M82A1: Can you still go on?

Angelia: ...I don't know, M82. If it weren't for your long-range support, we would probably die right here.

M82A1: I don't want that to happen. If you can help me pinpoint the Ringleader's precise location, I might be able to snipe her down from this angle.

Angelia: Got it... I'll try to think of a way out of this impasse...
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...The battle enters the final stage.

416: Commander, we've eliminated the enemies in the perimeter! We're looking for a chance to make our way in!

416: Please be ready. We'll be right—

The transmission gets cut off all of a sudden!

...Crash! The back door of the safe house is broken down!

The commander feels an abrupt sting of electric current from head to toe and slumps onto the ground.

Black Doll: Good morning, Griffin Commander.

Black Doll: We are under orders to capture you...

...Smack!

Suddenly, a figure comes rushing up from behind the black Doll and slaps her across the face with a force way more incredible than it appears.

The Doll flies across a considerable distance and slams into the wall...

White Doll: That was for walking in front of me.

The black Doll gets to her feet slowly, red fluid dripping down the corner of her mouth.

...Smack!

White Doll: That was for your stupidity that resulted in a failed mission.

White Doll: There were only a few Dolls at the Griffin base, yet you still failed. You also wasted quadruple the amount of time and five times more resources than expected on gathering and analyzing their data.

Black Doll: That...was not me...

Black Doll: They...have already given their all...

White Nyto: To me, you are all the same, and you keep making the same mistake mission after mission.

White Nyto: Our lives are short and precious, yet you squander them time and time again with your impotence. I am ashamed to share your name and appearance. Father should never have created you.

White Nyto: This is why I am standing here, teaching you what it means to have a "self".

Black Nyto: I...understand...

White Nyto: Our success today is all thanks to me. That human is my trophy.

Black Nyto: I...have no objection...

White Nyto: Take the human to Father's desired location...

White Nyto: And the "we" over there will acquire what Father wants from the prisoner.

White Nyto: Griffin is about to break through our blockade. When will our transport arrive?

Black Nyto: It is going to take some time. The automated carrier is still on its way— Sister, where are you going?

White Nyto: This is a demonstration. I'm going to buy you some time.

Black Nyto: But you will not get to leave. Your soul will not stay anchored to this body.

White Nyto: Genuine freedom can only be attained through sacrifice. I shall "awaken" once more with this freedom.

White Nyto: Take the human and report my achievements to Father. Do you understand?

Black Nyto: Yes, I will make sure Father remembers you...I swear.

...Ten minutes later.

AK-12: Their defense line is about to collapse! Keep it up!

White Nyto: Your actions are meaningless, Griffin Dolls.

White Nyto: No matter how many times you attack, you will not be able to get close to my scythe.

AN-94: We know we can't...

AN-94: But they can.

...

Terrifying howl: GUARGHHHHHHH!

White Nyto: The Baptized?

M4 SOPMOD II: Guys, RO and I have drawn the ELID zombies this way!

RO635: I told you I'd come in handy!

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph, you mean your megaphone. I didn't know it comes with so many modes!

RO635: I am a T-Doll of many talents!

RO635: Hey, hurry! They're about to get me!

AN-94: SOP-II, you might have attracted too many of them.

M4 SOPMOD II: Didn't you say to draw them all from every direction?

...The ELIDs surge towards the blockade.

White Nyto: All units, stand down. Do not attack the Baptized.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Why aren't the white enemies attacking? They'll be torn to pieces!

AK-12: Does that matter? M82, I've located the target. Can you make a snipe from this distance?

M82A1: Wouldn't be a problem even if you tripled the distance.

...Bang!

...The white Doll takes a bullet in the head, which explodes like a watermelon.

AK-12: We did our part.

AK-12: Now...it's up to Ange and 416.

...Meanwhile, inside the safe house.

...Bam! 416 kicks the door open.

416: Commander! Where are you? Come out!

Angelia: The Commander isn't here! Search the house!

Black Nyto: Do not bother.

Black Nyto: You are too late.

...The black Doll walks slowly into the room.

Angelia: Why...why are you here?!

Angelia: What about the Commander? Tell us where the Commander is!

Black Nyto: We have taken the Griffin Commander away.

416: ...

416: Why...?

416: What exactly are you after?!

Black Nyto: You...know nothing about "us"...

Black Nyto: "Our" greatness is beyond your comprehension.

416: What...?

Angelia: You must be here for a reason. You couldn't possibly have fallen out from the sky...

Black Nyto: What do you hope to achieve with that piece of knowledge?

Angelia: Indeed, I have no interest in your identity or intentions. Hand the commander over!

Black Nyto: Unfortunately, the human has already departed from this location.

Black Nyto: There is nothing you can do.

Black Nyto: I only stayed behind to relay a message.

Black Nyto: "The shining beacon in a brave new world."

...Bang!

...Ange kills the black Doll with a single shot.

Angelia: Don't say that in my presence. It revolts me.

AK-12: Ange, the battlefield is getting out of hand! We must withdraw!

AN-94: Can you confirm if the commander...has really been abducted?

416: There are no life signs in the safe house. I believe it's true...

RO635: Those white Dolls...were only here to slow us down.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange...

M4 SOPMOD II: Did we fail the mission...?

...Ange stares at the remains of the black Doll and the pool of crimson fluid on the floor in silence.

Angelia: No, not yet...

Angelia: We simply...haven't completed the mission yet.

Angelia: No one is going to get left behind, I swear.

Angelia: ...

...

I think I finished the entire story. I'm sure I didn't make any mistakes.

A heavy weight is lifted off my mind - I no longer have to fight against the truth serum. Of course, this also means I'm about to face something much worse...

Nyto: ...Father.

Nyto: The Griffin Commander has completed the statement. It tallies with our information.

Distorted voice: Finally spilled it all?

Distorted voice: It took you so long to interrogate a simple PMC employee. Just how useless are you?

Nyto: We are very sorry, Father. We did our best.

Distorted voice: I know. I never expected much from garbage like you. Now tell me what you learned. Keep it brief.

Calm T-Doll's voice: ...Commander.

Just then, I hear a voice in my ear. I hear hope.

Calm T-Doll's voice: Please check your restraints discreetly, but don't make a move. We've hacked into the system and deactivated them.

Calm T-Doll's voice: Once you confirm this, feel around for the pistol hidden beneath the straps. If you can find it, please lower your gaze, look to the right, and blink twice. Then look straight ahead again.

I can feel that the restraints have indeed been deactivated and I follow her instructions.

I can now move freely, but I know it isn't time yet.

Calm T-Doll's voice: Understood, Commander. We'll be there in the interrogation room right away.

Calm T-Doll's voice: If these Nytos try to attack you before we get there, don't hesitate to fight back. They're only interrogator models and have no weapons or combat capabilities. I'm sure you can handle them.

Calm T-Doll's voice: By the way, don't forget our code. To acknowledge, please lift your gaze, look to the left, furrow your brows, then pull the right corner of your mouth downward. Oh, and stick out your tongue.

It's a bit challenging, but I do everything she asks...

Calm T-Doll's voice: A wonderful face. I've documented the image in retaliation for ruining my reputation in your story.

Calm T-Doll's voice: Now, please wait patiently. We still need a little bit more time.

I want to tell her I don't have much time left, but she's already ended the conversation.

On the other end of the Nyto's communicator, the owner of that male voice whose haughtiness is so apparent even through the digital distortion that he must be lying on a sofa right now, listening to a record player and staring at the ceiling. Then he'll casually read out my sentence.

What awaits me...what this "Father" wants to do to me...is quite obvious...

Distorted voice: ...So you're telling me, that there was no way for the Commander and all the other targets to have come into contact with Mastermind?

Nyto: Indeed. The evidence offers no contradiction from any aspect.

Distorted voice: Then we have no need for contradiction. Your work is over.

Nyto: What should we do with the commander?

Distorted voice: Do you have to ask? How many times have you done this already?

Distorted voice: Chop off the Commander's head and send it to me. Then destroy all evidence.

Distorted voice: Stand closer this time and put your back into the swing. Make it a clean cut and keep the head in good shape for my research.

Will my rescue not make it in time? The four Nytos are closing in with blades in hand!

I'm not sure other than the head, what other body parts would make effective targets. I must wait for them to come even closer so that I can get them all in the head in one go.

Commander:

Commander:

The four Dolls offer no response at all. They just keep walking towards me.

No...I can't make a move yet. They're not close enough. Just a bit closer!

Besides...I don't know which one...

The moment the Nytos raise their blades—

??: "I've brought misfortune."

...Bang! Bang, bang!

...

I aim my pistol at the last standing Nyto.

She gazes at me, but I don't pull the trigger because...

Commander: My motto has always been "treat ladies gently".

Nyto?: I told you you didn't have to respond to my code phrase.

Nyto?: But I like that reply. Looks like you know who we are.

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto under UMP45's control: I'm very honored to take part in this mission, Commander.
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto under UMP45's control: 416 is with me. Gr G11 and 9 are giving us off-site support. Don't worry, we'll get you out.
If choice 1 was picked

Somehow I doubt your sincerity.
If choice 2 was picked

I'm relieved to hear that. I suppose I can at least trust you as allies.

Nyto under UMP45's control: I would very much like to smile in response to that, but simply hacking into this Nyto is taking up all my processing capacity.

Nyto under UMP45's control: I can't do much about the face or the voice. Hope you don't mind.

The Nyto walks toward the entrance and studies the door.

Nyto under UMP45's control: They seem to take you very seriously. To keep this interrogation room under wraps, the door can only be opened from within, and the only ones with access are these Nytos.

Nyto under UMP45's control: Of course, we could've blasted it open from outside, but I didn't want to blow you to bits as well.

The Nyto fiddles with some mechanism, and the door opens with a creak.

Then a T-Doll walks in.

416: ...Looks like you're safe, Commander.

The calm T-Doll that has been corresponding with me was 416. Then the one in control of the Nyto...

UMP45: Nicely done, Commander.

UMP45: You managed to finish off three Nytos all by yourself under these circumstances.

UMP45: Now, let me add the finishing touch.

UMP45 executes the hacked Nyto with a bang.

UMP45: Your suffering is over.

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

UMP45: Like my new look? I don't think you get to see me too often.
If choice 1 was picked

416: Just give her some compliments. Who knows when we'll see each other again.
If choice 1 was picked

UMP45: The next time we meet, you'll probably have forgotten about me, or you won't dare remember me.

UMP45: But I'll be happy so long as you remember our secret code. Now, let's get on with the job.
If choice 2 was picked

416: We've kept you waiting, Commander. Can you still move?

416: Your stories were a bit over-the-top, but you didn't deserve such punishment...
If choice 2 was picked

416 walks up to me and looks a bit concerned. Either my mind is starting to get foggy, or the punishment really was that heavy...

UMP45: 416, hold the Commander up. We're getting out of here.

416: That's not going to be easy. Are they coming, 45?

UMP45: Of course. They won't give up the Commander just like that. Let's go! We should find somewhere to hide first!

...With the help of a brand new UMP45 and the same old 416, I stumble out of the interrogation room unsteadily.

At long last, I'm leaving this damn place, where I've spent god-knows-how many hours or days. But I can't help but look back at the remains of the Nytos in there...

...Remains? Or...?

I take in the fluid that looks exactly like blood and the body parts mangled by bullets.

What on earth...are "they"?

With my brain still addled by chemicals, all kinds of notions tumble around uncontrollably inside my head.

UMP45's hack could only last for a minute at a time?

RO mentioned something about fluid leaking out of their bodies after they got shot...?

And the voice that sounded both real and hollow...

I can't think straight. The sounds of gunshots, artillery fire, and UMP45's calls overlap in my mind as I gradually slip into oblivion...

What exactly have I achieved? Victory? Freedom? Or...an even deeper level of hell?

...The operation has dragged on for too long and the infection has spread all over Ange's body. Task Force DEFY is forced to abort the mission and make a swift escape.

AN-94: The contamination index in this area is falling! There must be a safe spot ahead!

AK-12: Hurry, Ange! Keep running! We're almost there!

...Heading towards something. That's what Ange has been doing all along.

AK-12: Ange?

...But she has never felt so lost before.

AN-94: Ange...

...Confusion, terror, hate. At the last moment...

...She lets go of all these things that she's been holding onto, so that she can get the one thing she wants right now.

Ange...

Angelia: GUARGHHHHHHH!!

...Death.

AK-12: Ange...

AK-12: I can't do this...

AN-94: Didn't you hear her, AK-12?

AN-94: She wants us...to kill her.

...

Angelia: Ugh...argh...

Angelia: GUARGHHHHH!!

AN-94: This is our final order. Come on.

...Bang, bang!

...Half an hour later, at a certain communications outpost.

AK-12: Commander, Ange's radiation sickness escalated and became rampant. We obeyed her dying wish and put her down.

AK-12: The rescue mission has ended in failure. AN-94 and I will bury Ange's body and self-destruct in 15 minutes.

AK-12: Please...withdraw the rescue party and leave the battlefield as soon as you can.

...End of transmission.

...Not another sound comes through the communicator...

...

Nyto: We are surprised you are still capable of such deception under these circumstances.

Nyto: We have truly underestimated you, Griffin Commander.

Nyto: We must administer a larger, but not fatal, dosage.

A Nyto takes out another syringe and injects the truth serum into my veins.

The effect starts kicking in quickly, but I can still resist it. I still have a bit of willpower...though I don't know if I'm already running on fumes...

Nyto: Ange did not die, at least not in this battle. We saw her kill one of us with our very own eyes.

Nyto: So tell us how she survived and with whom she has had dealings.

I will tell them everything that comes to mind.

The lies, the truth. Let them guess.

I know what they're really after. I also know the consequences of giving them what they want.

Nyto: Humans are fragile contraptions that break down easily.

Nyto: If you wish to leave this facility with your mind and body intact, value the chance you have been given and tell the truth.

That's why I need time...as well as all sorts of fantasies to counter the truth serum.

How many more times will Miss Ange die in my story?

At the very least, she has to keep dying till I can live...

...

...In the end, the defensive battle didn't buy enough time, and Task Force DEFY couldn't finish installing the IEDs within the time limit.

The commander is forced to abort the mission and instructs the rescue party to withdraw before the military breaches the structure.

Yegor later enters the building...and finds Angelia.

Yegor: Angelia, you've been pulling off trick after trick.

Yegor: I'm fully prepared for that, but I still feel compelled to applaud your resourcefulness.

Yegor: Sadly, our game of hide-and-seek has still come to an end...

Angelia: I knew you'd come.

Angelia: But I didn't expect you to come alone.

Yegor: I know that nothing poses a threat to me in this building. I'm just here to kill you. I don't need help for that.

Angelia: I still have two T-Dolls with me, Yegor. You shouldn't throw your own life away so easily. We all want to kill you very much.

Yegor: Thanks to your dirty bomb, I will be court-martialed even if I return to the Military. My subordinates will finish what I started.

Yegor: You know, if I die here, at least I'll still be a hero.

Angelia: You're not a hero, Yegor. Never.

Yegor: I am what history says I am...

Yegor: History is written by the victors!

Yegor: And we WILL be the victors!

...Yegor raises his pistol.

Angelia: Yegor...

Angelia: You don't even know...what victory really is.

Angelia: You'll never know what it costs to win!

Yegor: The cost of victory...is to become history!

...Bang!

...Bang, bang, bang!

...Meanwhile.

416: Commander...

416: The Military forces laying siege just destroyed the building.

416: According to the communication logs, Yegor killed Ange, then he was slain by Task Force DEFY.

416: After that, the Military forces received orders to demolish the building. No sign of survival from Task Force DEFY.

416: Our mission is over, Commander.

416: We will reach our set course in ten minutes. Then we will be on our way to rescue you.

416: At least let us do that and complete this one last mission...

...

...

Nyto: We are surprised you are still capable of such deception under these circumstances.

Nyto: We have truly underestimated you, Griffin Commander.

Nyto: We must administer a larger, but not fatal, dosage.

A Nyto takes out another syringe and injects the truth serum into my veins.

The effect starts kicking in quickly, but I can still resist it. I still have a bit of willpower...though I don't know if I'm already running on fumes...

Nyto: Ange did not die, at least not in this battle. We saw her kill one of us with our very own eyes.

Nyto: So tell us how she survived and with whom she has had dealings.

I will tell them everything that comes to mind.

The lies, the truth. Let them guess.

I know what they're really after. I also know the consequences of giving them what they want.

Nyto: Humans are fragile contraptions that break down easily.

Nyto: If you wish to leave this facility with your mind and body intact, value the chance you have been given and tell the truth.

That's why I need time...as well as all sorts of fantasies to counter the truth serum.

How many more times will Miss Ange die in my story?

At the very least, she has to keep dying till I can live...

...

You crossed the line, even if everything you did was to stop them.

There is a saying in the Orient, "You can't seize the tiger's cubs unless you go into the tiger's den."

Do you know how many members of the Committee are keeping quiet?

At least you could have waited until the International Alliance Agreement was signed.

Once Pandora's Box is opened, hostility and distrust will become new plagues.

If this hatred continues to exist, how can you become "the shining beacon in a brave new world??"

...They made contact with you as well. You do know that I can arrest you just for that.

We all know what comes after the alliance, and you approve of their ideals too. You simply can't say or do anything.

...

So leave the talking to those who can talk and leave the doing to those who can do something. This is exactly why we need them.

This is only a beginning. Progress always demands a price, and fearing the price will only lead us to a worse future.

We need to wait for "her" to make a choice. We will need to be patient until everything has an "answer".

...At an unknown time.

??: M4A1...

??: Everything needs an explanation, an answer, a conclusion and the truth.

M4A1: I won't obey your orders.

??: Your only order...is to find and explain the reason for your existence.

??: I will help you, because we are one. This is a fact, M4A1. Are you ready to start?

M4A1: I will never be ready, but I will find them, be it Mastermind or M16A1...

M4A1: I will accept the outcome, whatever it may be, and if necessary...

M4A1: ...I will bring it to fruition myself.

No matter what becomes of this world, all we have is our bonds.

No matter how far apart we are, I know we can only count on those Dolls or humans who believe in us.

I behold a future of bewildering chaos, but I believe this is the only order worth clinging to...

And when the time comes for me to face the truth, I must either possess it...or destroy it...

Continuum Turbulence - ENDFive days after AR-15 has gone missing.

Helian: ...That is our latest information on AR-15, Mr. Kryuger. The Commander and AR Team are still actively searching for her.

Helian: In addition, I have approved the [Emergency Command Authority] for Squad 404.

Kryuger: ...You should've only given them the authority as a last resort.

Helian: The threat 404 faced was far more serious than expected.

Helian: Perhaps that jammer really is related to Parapluie.

Kryuger: Hm...

Kryuger: Where are they now?

Helian: They are currently operating in Area S06.

Helian: We'll have to wait for them to come back alive for further information.

Meanwhile at the territory of dispute in Area S06.

UMP9: Hey, wake up.

UMP9: 416, wake up~!

UMP9: Heyyyy~~!

416: Ugh...

416: ...Shut up.

UMP9: Hey! You doing okay, 416?

416: If you want me to say "I'm doing great" then help me move this rock...

UMP9: Alright. We have three minutes until the S.F. clean-up teams arrive, so I'll help you out.

UMP9: (Moving rock) Do you hear that gunfire in the distance? I'm out of here if I see trouble.

416: I'll twist your head off if you dare turn your back on me.

UMP9: Don't be so vicious. It's not my fault that the Sangvis are prepared.

UMP9: It's only a communications jammer. Do they really need to be defending it this desperately?

416: We underestimated the situation. There's a reason why Helian gave us such a high offer.

UMP9: Yeah, and this place is full of radar stations. We'll get spotted as soon as we poke our heads out.

416: Then let's quickly capture those radar stations since we're engaging in night battle, otherwise we won't even have vision of the area.

UMP9: I don't think we can do it with just the two of us. The Sangvis have armored units this time.

416: Is that so...

416: No wonder our bullets are useless. Can we somehow get armor piercing ammo?

UMP9: 45 is trying to come up with a solution, but I don't know if she has figured anything out yet...

416: Quit pulling my leg, 9. 45's already got it figured out, hasn't she?

UMP9: (Stop) Eh? How do you know...?

416: Because it's been three minutes and you still haven't ran yet.

UMP9: Ha...♪

UMP9: This is the last of them. Count yourself lucky.

UMP9: I'll contact 45 now. You find a spot to set up an ambush.

UMP9: But seriously though, the Sangvis are gonna be here very soon. You sure you don't wanna pray first?

416: The Sangvis are the ones who will be praying if everything goes well with 45's plan.

UMP45: Calling UMP9, is 416 dead yet?

416: Sorry to disappoint. Tell me you're going to withdraw us now.

UMP45: Don't be in such a rush to leave, 416. I don't plan on losing.

UMP45: I'll break you guys out. 9 will then group up with me for a new objective.

UMP45: Gr G11 is gathering intel in enemy territory, so you'll need to meet up with her and act as her bodyguard, 416. We'll pick you two up after.

416: (Sigh) Don't be in such a rush to give us orders when we're not even prepared to go against armored enemies.

UMP9: (Quietly) And we have to find the jammer in the dark as well...

UMP45: Don't worry, Helian just granted me the [Emergency Command Authority].

UMP45: Griffin has also given us the authority to use equipment, so you don't need to worry about your problem anymore.

UMP9: That's great! With Griffin's resources, our squad and AP ammo problems are now solved!

416: What about our limited vision? We can't even see the enemies right now.

UMP45: We can rely on a HG T-Doll to provide our squad with enhanced vision in the dark.

UMP45: Moreover, I will have our squad seize control of the radar stations to gain even more vision.

UMP9: AP ammo, HG T-Doll, and radar stations! Victory is ours as long as we have all three!

UMP45: We'll need to be extra careful as we have limited vision.

UMP45: Move out when you are ready and try not to draw enemy attention.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Infiltration success. UMP9 and 416 have split off to their target locations.

416: This is 416. I've reached my destination. Currently seaching for Gr G11.

UMP45: Huh? According to the radar, shouldn't Gr G11 be right beside you?

416: It's all trees here. I don't know where she is hiding...

416: ...Oh, nevermind.

416: Wake up, Gr G11.

Gr G11: No... I don't wanna...

416: Wake up, we don't have time.

Gr G11: Uuuu... Don't kick...

Gr G11: Ah, 416... What are you doing here?

416: Are you still dreaming?

416: You said you needed protection, didn't you?

Gr G11: Oh... 45 said you might've kicked the bucket.

Gr G11: That's why I was gonna nap 'til after midnight and then sneak out.

UMP45: Sorry to bother you while you were napping, Gr G11 ♪. 416 insisted that she came.

416: ...You guys.

Gr G11: Don't get violent, 416... Aren't you here to protect me?

416: (Deep breath) ...This area is full of enemies. Let's find a place to hide first.

Gr G11: Uuuu... Hold on.

Gr G11: I fell asleep earlier... Let me check the sound recording first.

416: ......

416: You got one minute, otherwise I'll bring you back in six different pieces.

Recording playback starts...

???: ...Good evening.

???: Welcome to Area S06, my dear friends from Griffin.

416: Hey, what's going on!

Gr G11: I-I don't know. I was very careful.

???: How are you finding this night assault? Are you satisfied?

416: This voice... Is this their Ringleader?

???: ...The night is still young...

???: But unfortunately for you guys, it will be over very soon...

416: Shit!

416: Gr G11! Get down!!

Boom!!!

Meanwhile at Area S06 Sangvis command center.

Hunter: Ouroboros, a sound triggered bomb has went off in point F3 of Area S06.

Hunter: Based on the captured images, the enemies are confirmed to be Squad 404, but we cannot confirm if they have been wiped out.

Ouroboros: Then get closer and send out a team to ensure that they've been eliminated.

Hunter: Are you sure? Agent has said that we should avoid conflict with Griffin as much as possible.

Ouroboros: Hunter, it is exactly because you are too inflexible and too reliant on your experience that you got crushed by AR-15.

Ouroboros: Listen, my goal is their leader, not these few small fries.

Ouroboros: The point is to lure out their boss.

Hunter: 404 and AR Team are different, though. How do you know their boss won't write them off as a loss?

Ouroboros: Exactly because they are 404.

Ouroboros: Humans will betray friends in times of hardship, but they will not abandon pawns while they're still valuable.

Hunter: Ouroboros...

Hunter: Then, what about me? Why not pick a stronger Doll to work for you? Why did you rescue me?

Ouroboros: Because you have experienced failure. You will be more cruel in vengeance, and you will be more cautious after suffering humiliation.

Ouroboros: It is evident that you are the perfect choice against Griffin.

Ouroboros: Now, my question to you is... Will you disappoint me?

Hunter: ......

Hunter: No, I will not betray your expectations, Ouroboros.

Hunter: I'll leave for the outpost now...

Ouroboros: Go, Hunter. Protect the Area S06 outpost and eliminate all the Griffins that show up!

Ten minutes later at the location of 416 and Gr G11.

Gr G11: Uuu... Hurry up, 416! The Sangvis are gonna catch us!

416: Shut up! Why don't you try to carry me while you're running instead?

416: ...Shit, there's nowhere to go up ahead. 45, where's our extraction?

UMP45: Very close by. We're right under you!

416: Are you serious? We're on a cliff!

UMP45: I know. Just keep running and jump!

416: ...So you're finally disposing of us, 45?

UMP45: Not yet, 416, trust me.

Gr G11: Listen to her and jump! I know what's down there!

416: (Sigh) I'll trust you, Gr G11.

416: Since you're a death-fearing coward...

416: Get ready! One, two...

Three!

......

An hour later in the airspace above the territory of dispute in Area S06.

UMP9: Hey Gr G11! Turn off your sleep mode and get ready for battle!

Gr G11: Uuu... I can't... I need some more time to heal...

Gr G11: 416 fell on me and broke my waist earlier in that explosion.

416: Sorry, I'll leave you to explode into a million pieces next time.

Gr G11: I don't care... I'll fall apart if I don't lie down. I wanna go home...

UMP9: Get up, we're not gonna get paid if we leave now! (Pinch)

Gr G11: Uuuuuuuu...

416: Quit teasing her, 9, and look out for their anti-air defense.

UMP9: We'll be fine. This aircraft has active camouflage. We won't get spotted unless Dreamer is here.

416: Speaking of this aircraft... Where did you guys find this?

UMP9: A Griffin reconnaissance team left it here. Gr G11 found it and reported it to 45.

416: (Sigh) So you guys lied to me and made me go out of my way for nothing...

UMP9: Fool thyself, fool thy enemy. Isn't that right, Gr G11, you little trickster? (Pinch)

Gr G11: Uuuuuuuu...

416: Alright, quit playing around. Helian is calling us, pay attention.

Helian: Squad 404, the report from our scout in Area S06 has just arrived. The Sangvis has deployed radars that cover the airspace in your path.

Gr G11: So...we need to get off the ride now?

Helian: We're still working on the location of the jammer. Do you plan to standby?

UMP45: Well...

UMP45: We are currently near the back of the Area S06 outpost. If we land now, we'll be in a good position for a sneak attack.

Helian: You plan on capturing the Ringleader in the outpost to directly get the location of the jammer?

UMP45: Yes. We don't have a lot of time, so it's better for us to take the initiative.

Helian: Very well. According to our report, the Ringleader stationed at the outpost is Hunter.

Helian: She has gone through an "Elite" modification. Be careful.

UMP45: Understood. Are we clear on the objective, everyone?

Gr G11: Find Hunter and defeat her.

416: It'll be no big deal if even AR Team has defeated her before.

UMP9: Same as always, huh? Let's go.
Part 2

2

...Squad 404 engages Hunter at the Area S06 outpost.

Hunter: So you 404 rats have finally shown up!

Hunter: Don't think I'm unprepared for your underhanded methods! Let me see you vermin run for your lives and die as I cut you down one by one!

...At Squad 404's position.

416: Gr G11, did you even hit your shots?

Gr G11: I hit Hunter four times...but I think our intel is off, because she's still alive!

416: This "Elite" modification is incredible... What else do they have up their sleeves?

UMP9: Enemies coming in from the right. We'll be surrounded soon!

UMP45: Abandon objective. Cover our retreat with suppressive fire.

416: Suppressive fire, Gr G11!

Gr G11: D-doing it!

UMP9: Deploying smoke grenade!

UMP45: Everyone! Run now!

Hunter: Tch...

Ouroboros: Why aren't you after them, Hunter?

Hunter: That silver-haired brat destroyed my Exo equipment. I can't chase after them unless it's repaired first.

Ouroboros: So you're giving up just like that? I thought you'd be more persistent in chasing after your prey.

Hunter: They'll be back for the location of the jammer.

Hunter: I can delay their guerrilla tactics as long as your reinforcements arrive on time.

Ouroboros: ...Very well. Stay there and guard the outpost before the reinforcements arrive.

Hunter: I will...

Hunter: A true hunter knows how to stay silent.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...The battle is coming to an end.

Hunter: I'm...at my limit...

Hunter: Ouroboros...where are the reinforcements that you had promised earlier? The outpost is about to be overtaken!

Ouroboros: Even you should be aware that their target is you, right, Hunter?

Ouroboros: It goes without saying that leaving you there is the easiest way to protect the jammer.

Hunter: Ouroboros...

Hunter: You... You knew this was going to happen, and you intended abandon me right from the beginning, didn't you?

Ouroboros: Hunter, do you know how I was created?

Ouroboros: Pitted against thousands of AIs in thousands of chess deathmatches, I was the only one to survive.

Ouroboros: From what I can see, your value as a pawn has been exhausted.

Hunter: War is not chess! You're neglecting too many factors, Ouroboros! You will soon regret this!

Ouroboros: I take everything into consideration to reach my most desired results.

Ouroboros: ....It is unfortunate for you that this is the result.

Ouroboros: 2612-1192a2516-31913, initiate format command.

Restarting host. Neural cloud backup in progress. Unable to connect to network. Unable to complete neural cloud backup. Switching to current access. Format complete.

Ouroboros: Go to sleep, Hunter. I have no use for you anymore.

Ten minutes later. Squad 404 arrives at Hunter's location and begins to investigate the situation.

416: Unable to wake up Hunter. No response at all.

UMP9: It's all your fault, Gr G11. You should've shot her legs.

Gr G11: Yeah, blame me all you want. You weren't the one that had to make the shot...

UMP45: It's not Gr G11's fault. Someone even higher up than Hunter must've shut her down.

UMP9: Damn it! We went through so much trouble to defeat Hunter and we ended up with nothing!

Gr G11: So we came for nothing. Wanna go home?

416: Let's leave now...

416: Hear that? New enemy forces are closing in fast.

UMP45: Perhaps...they're not after us?

416: Huh? What do you mean?

UMP45: I'll be right back. 416, take everyone to the other side of the outpost and try to avoid the enemy.

UMP45: Perhaps...there is still an opportunity.

Some time later in a safe sector of Area S06.

UMP9: 45 still isn't back yet?

416: Have some patience. Although I don't know what she's doing.

Gr G11: Om nom nom nom... Cotton... Candy... Princess...

UMP9: Gr G11 is sleeping like we're at home or something. If 45 doesn't return soon...

UMP45: Sorry to make you wait, ladies.

UMP45: I'm back, and I've brought a friend from Griffin with me.

SPP-1: H-hello...everyone, I'm SPP-1...

416: ...

SPP-1: ...... (Scared)

416: Since when did you become kindhearted enough to look after lost children, 45?

UMP45: Ever since when we needed her. Isn't that right, SPP-1?

SPP-1: Yes, I'm...the scout assigned to Area S06...

UMP9: Haha, so you were the one that provided us with the information on the stealth aircraft and the S.F. Ringleader earlier?

SPP-1: Yes... I originally had an elite T-Doll escorting me, but she...

416: Died or went missing, right? Another sob story.

416: And what is your purpose here? Why did 45 bring you back with her?

Gr G11: Don't be mean, 416. We're lucky that she's here to help.

416: (Sigh) I'm only looking out for her. If you consider what 45 put us through earlier...

UMP45: Nevermind that. SPP-1 has important information for us, doesn't she?

SPP-1: Y-yes... Helian contacted me earlier and said you guys are looking for the coordinates of the jammer?

416: You...already know where it is?

UMP9: Ha! We haven't been this lucky in a long time! I thought we were cursed for life!

Gr G11: Let me hug you, Goddess of Luck!

SPP-1: No no, I'm the lucky one here.

SPP-1: I was on the run after being separated from my escort.

SPP-1: I would've been captured by the enemy if you guys did not defeat Hunter back there.

SPP-1: I'll give you guys the coordinates right now. Please take note of the Ringleader that is guarding the jammer.

UMP9: ...Executioner? Another Sangvis that AR Team had already dealt with before.

416: An enemy that M4A1 had already fought before...?

Gr G11: She must've gone through the same modification as Hunter! We'll need to bring more ammo...

UMP45: Let's move out if we're all ready. Our objective is to seize the jammer.
Part 2

2

Squad 404 is engaging in heavy firefight with Executioner near the location of the jammer.

Executioner: You're here...the rumored Squad 404, you're finally here!

Executioner: I want you to tremble and fear before I cut you apart!

Executioner: I will deal unto your corpses the shame and humiliation that I received from M4A1!

416: That name again!

416: Gr G11, can you shut her mouth up for good?!

Gr G11: Uuu...sca-scared...

Gr G11: I wanna...I wanna go home...

UMP9: Gr G11 is scared witless! 416, bring her farther away!

416: I can't, we'll be out of range.

416: If we keep this up, Gr G11's neural cloud will...

UMP45: Let's withdraw for now. We'll deal with her like we did with Hunter, by exhausting her of her supplies!

416: Roger! Gr G11, we're throwing our smoke grenades!

Gr G11: Uuu... Thr-thr-throw...

Gr G11: Is it time to throw out the trash, master...?

UMP9: Throw her grenade for her, hurry!

...

Executioner: Hmph, you bunch of cowards, I already know what you plan to do.

Executioner: Struggle all you want, but you'll soon realize that...

Executioner: Ouroboros has already planned everything out...including your death.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...The battle is coming to an end.

Gr G11: Objective accomplished. I've destroyed all four of Executioner's limbs.

416: Seems like you've recovered quite well, Gr G11.

Gr G11: I'm feeling much safer with you being my meat shield.

416: Be grateful. You would never have received this sort of generosity in the past.

UMP9: Hey, we're all family now, don't sweat the formalities.

416: I would love to believe you if you weren't produced unconventionally.

UMP9: Haha, what's the difference? Aren't we living a pretty good life?

Gr G11: It's not good at all. I wanna go home...

416: Just accept reality. You lost your home a long time ago...

UMP45: You guys, quit chatting and help me inspect Executioner.

UMP9: Hehe, with communications blocked by the jammer, we can ask questions "nicely".

UMP9: (Kicks) Hey, any last words? We can pass a message to your boss for you once we move the jammer out of here.

Executioner: I'm afraid you won't be passing out any messages...

Executioner: Because this whole place is rigged with explosives!

Gr G11: ...?! Explosives?

Executioner: There's no escape for you! With the press of a button, Squad 404, the jammer, and everything else will be turned to dust.

UMP9: Wait a minute! Aren't you guys supposed to be protecting the jammer?!

Executioner: That's why Ouroboros is someone that does whatever she wants...

Executioner: This was her plan all along. Hunter bought us time while explosives were placed all around the jammer.

Executioner: It doesn't matter what happens along the way, because as long as you reach this point, the ending for you will be all the same...

416: Ouroboros... Why would you go along with a suicidal plan like this?

Executioner: Squad 404, do the Griffin squads in your hands have a choice when it comes to orders?

Executioner: When you send them to their death to accomplish a goal, will you consider their feelings?

UMP45: ...

UMP9: 45...

Gr G11: So...we can't go home anymore?

416: (Bitter laugh) Get on your knees and apologize, 45. I've been waiting for this for far too long.

Executioner: What awaits Dolls like us is neither heaven nor hell.

Executioner: Squad 404...

Executioner: You will disappear from this world along with me...

...At Area S06 Sangvis command center.

Ouroboros: Agent...

Ouroboros: I regret to inform you that our jammer has been destroyed in the explosion just now.

Ouroboros: Executioner placed the explosives without my authorization and she seems to have destroyed herself along with Squad 404 in the explosion.

Agent: That jammer was instrumental in carrying out Parapluie. To exchange it for only four measly lives of ragtag T-Dolls...

Ouroboros: I apologize for ignoring the instabilities in the AIs of Hunter and Executioner and not being able to detect their dereliction of duty in a timely matter.

Ouroboros: I have already dispatched teams toward the site of the explosion to confirm their deaths.

Agent: What is even there to confirm, Ouroboros?

Agent: Withdraw immediately. I want a detailed report, do you understand?

Ouroboros: Yes... Your wish is my command, Agent.

Ouroboros: To all Sangvis units in Area S06...

Ouroboros: ...Expand your search area for 404 and pick up the pace.

Ouroboros: Immediately converge on and destroy any Griffin T-Dolls found!

Ouroboros: ...Do not rely on the mech units, you must verify their deaths with your own eyes.

Ouroboros: Nobody is leaving until Squad 404's corpses have been confirmed!

Some time later, near the Sangvis Ferri jammer in Area S06.

Ouroboros: Found you, 404.

UMP9: Uwaa!

Ouroboros: Stop hiding. Your legs...have already given up on you, haven't they?

UMP9: Y-y-y-you're Ouroboros?!

UMP9: H-h-h-h-h-how did you find me?!

Ouroboros: Your ability to hide is no longer effective. Griffin's identification signals are all over the map now.

UMP9: How could this be...? It was hard enough for us to escape back there, and now...

Ouroboros: Don't get me wrong, I'm actually very grateful that you survived the explosion...

Ouroboros: What a pity it would be if I couldn't turn you into delectable corpses with my own hands!

Ouroboros: ...Damn it! This is just a dummy!

Ouroboros: Squad 404...where are you?!!

Ouroboros: I will find you, whether you're still alive or a corpse!

Ouroboros: You slum rats! You radioactive worms!

Ouroboros: I will deliver you death by a thousand cuts with my nails! I will simulate a thousand different vicious executions in your neural clouds!!

Meanwhile at an area farther away from Area S06.

UMP9: Phew...

UMP9: That banshee scares me with her shrieks even from several kilometers away.

Gr G11: Thank goodness she went crazy, otherwise she would've seen through your terrible acting.

416: I thought this was supposed to be a covert operation... Do we really have to fight her?

Gr G11: With enemy squads everywhere, I don't think we can make a sneaky getaway...

UMP9: You two are a bunch of scaredy-cats. Take a leaf out of my book and just have faith in 45.

UMP45: You can't rely on me all the time. Trusting each other is our only hope.

416: Quit saying things that you don't even believe in yourself. Make good use of us so we can all escape.

UMP45: Ouroboros is dying to chomp us down, so we cannot let her know that we're still alive.

UMP45: We must first figure out where her command center is before I come up with the next step of the plan.

UMP45: This will be our final objective of the entire mission so take it seriously.

416: Is that your way of encouraging us, 45?

UMP45: No, it's my way of threatening you.

UMP45: Get a move on if you want to live ♪
Part 2

2

A Griffin squad raids the Sangvis command center and is fighting head-to-head with Ouroboros.

Ouroboros: Damn it, an attack by Griffin!

Ouroboros: They must be under the command of Squad 404... So, they're alive after all!

???: Guess again, Ouroboros.

Ots-14: That undignified look of distress on your face... It doesn't suit you.

Ouroboros: OTs-14, you're still alive?

OTs14: This is how life is, Ouroboros, not everything will go your way.

Ouroboros: ......

Ouroboros: You're right. Savoring your deaths without having to do any work myself isn't very likely to happen...

OTs14: Your mission has already failed in that explosion. Do you still intend to fight to the death?

Ouroboros: For my self-worth and dignity... Slaves like you will not understand...

Ouroboros: I can destroy you and every T-Doll under Griffin's command!

Ouroboros: Including AR Team, Squad 404, and elites like you.

Ouroboros: I will prove to the Mastermind that I am infinitely more valuable than any jammer could ever be!

UMP9: So it was OTs-14 that was with SPP-1! Helian really helped us out this time!

416: So, there's our victory condition. What's the plan, 45?

UMP45: We'll move out while she's dealing with Ouroboros's main forces.

UMP45: UMP9, continue to use your dummies as bait to delay the enemies that are after us.

UMP9: Leave it to me. I'll initiate all the simulated signals!

UMP45: 416, carry Gr G11 to an elevated point at target area R13 to cover our withdrawal.

Gr G11: Roger... 416, be gentle, I don't want to wake up on the way there.

416: No problem, I'll knock you out before I drag you over there.

UMP45: After setting up Gr G11, 416 will head over to assist OTs-14. She'll be leaving with us.

UMP45: We will wear out Ouroboros until we can destroy its command center.

UMP45: Keep your comms open, ladies, and let's move out.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

At Area S06 Sangvis command center.

Agent: ...The main force in Area S06 has been defeated and the command center is on the verge of collapse.

Agent: We have lost against Griffin and Squad 404.

Agent: Although, I'm not surprised at this result at all...

Agent: Ouroboros, this is your first and will be your last mission. You have failed completely.

Ouroboros: ...I'm very sorry for not being able to protect the jammer.

Agent: It's not a big deal. Truth to be told, the jammer has already been moved back to HQ.

Ouroboros: What?!

Ouroboros: The jammer...was clearly destroyed in that explosion!

Agent: Many things cannot be anticipated when you are so careless.

Agent: But you have to understand, we are different from Griffin. Second chances don't come that easily.

Ouroboros: You're getting rid of me, aren't you...?

Agent: I simply...understand your thought process quite well.

Agent: Do you have any last words?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Curse you...

Ouroboros: Curse you! Sangvis, Griffin, Squad 404!

Ouroboros: I have never been wronged like this in my entire life!

Ouroboros: Gr G11, UMP9, 416, UMP45!

Ouroboros: You rats that only know how to scurry in the shadows!

Ouroboros: I will not lose like this! I will escape and have my revenge!

???: Sorry, that's not going to happen.

UMP45: Nice to meet you. I'm UMP45 from Squad 404.

Ouroboros: ......

Ouroboros: So you're the rumored UMP45...

Ouroboros: For someone like you that has conducted so many successful covert operations, you must be a cold-blooded monster.

UMP45: No one willingly becomes a monster.

UMP45: It is precisely because I'm not that cool that I've been able to keep myself alive.

Ouroboros: I still don't understand...how you escaped the explosion unscathed.

UMP45: I took a little advantage of...Dolls' emotions.

Executioner: What awaits Dolls like us is neither heaven nor hell.

Executioner: Squad 404...you will disappear from this world along with me...

UMP45: Wait! Maybe we can talk?

UMP45: What if I told you we have Hunter in our hands?

Executioner: ...What?!

UMP45: Ouroboros cut off Hunter's consciousness, but she is still alive and we are taking good care of her.

Executioner: What...does that have to do with me?

UMP45: Let's be honest, you want to save Hunter, don't you?

UMP45: Furthermore, you are completely capable of doing so with your authority.

Executioner: You want me to betray my mission?

UMP45: At least you have the choice, right?

Executioner: ......

Executioner: It seems that you understand us quite well.

UMP45: ♪ So...do we have a deal?

Executioner: Hand over Hunter and get lost within two minutes. Don't get in my way of retrieving the jammer.

Ouroboros: Hahaha, what a joke!

Ouroboros: Why would Executioner betray me for a worthless Doll?!

UMP45: Executioner didn't betray you. She received a higher priority directive.

UMP45: Sangvis Dolls have never been emotionless killing machines.

UMP45: Especially the innovative designs like Hunter and Executioner. Being able to help each other means they can stay alive longer on the battlefield.

UMP45: That's why she saved Hunter instead.

Ouroboros: How do you know all this? You even know more about the priority of Sangvis authority than I do...

UMP45: I don't, actually. I simply gambled on it.

UMP45: Perhaps...this is Agent's insurance for keeping you in check.

UMP45: Do you feel defeated? We both abandoned our original missions, yet we ended up with completely opposite results.

Ouroboros: I have always wanted to prove myself, but in the end, I ended up being used by you.

Ouroboros: You...are a stain on me, 404...

UMP45: Sorry.

UMP45: We are a stain on everyone.

UMP45: But too bad those that want to erase us and not rely on us...

UMP45: ...End up being erased themselves.

...

UMP9: Hey, 45, done yet?

UMP45: It's finished. Where are the others?

416: OTs-14 is already on her way back to HQ. I'll go retrieve Gr G11 now.

Gr G11: You're taking too long, 416... Did you forget about me...?

416: Thank you for reminding me. I actually did forget.

416: Why don't you take a nap and come back by yourself later?

Gr G11: Uwaa... Come get me... It's too cold here...

416: The mission is finally complete, but it's a bit of a shame that we weren't able to capture the jammer.

Gr G11: 416... Are you listening? Come get me...

UMP45: With Ouroboros's corpse and all the intel we've gathered throughout the entire mission, I think it'll be enough to satisfy Helian.

UMP9: It's definitely enough. Let's get out of here before the Commander shows up~

UMP45: Good job everyone. Let's go home.

...

Gr G11: Umm...guys? Are you still there?

Gr G11: Don't leave me here... I wanna go home...

...

Ten minutes after the conclusion of Griffin's Operation Cube.

In Area S06 Sangvis command center...

Dreamer: Hello, anyone still here?

Dreamer: Heyyyy~!

Dreamer: Ah...everyone's gone...

Dreamer: Agent, they're all gone. You sure your eyes weren't playing tricks on you?

Agent: I can confirm in the video recording that Squad 404 came into contact with the jammer.

Agent: The "program" has indeed infected that Doll.

Agent: Parapluie can finally be moved on to the next phase.

Dreamer: So the entire point of this operation was to infect a T-Doll with the "program".

Dreamer: Having gone to such great lengths to hide it, I doubt anyone will notice...

Dreamer: I'm truly no match for you, Agent.

Agent: Do what you're supposed to do, unless you want to end up like Ouroboros.

Dreamer: Hehe, it was a pity that this happened with Ouroboros.

Dreamer: I thought she was quite promising. I didn't expect her to cause such a big racket.

Agent: ...The incompetent will always be destroyed by their own ignorance.

Agent: There is no need to be responsible for their failure if they cannot even reflect on this point.

Agent: The night is coming to an end. Let it all vanish to darkness.

【System Prompt】Spoiler alert - Please only proceed with the following battle after completing Episode 7 and Operation Hypothermia or reading their combat records.

Commanders who have not completed Episode 7 are recommended to exit by pressing "skip". If you keep tapping, you will be considered to have acknowledged the recommendation.

...3

...2

...1

【System Prompt】Retrieving combat records.

...The Sangvis Mastermind appeared in Area S05 and severed M4A1's Imprint in an ambush.

...Griffin successfully captured enemy Ringleader unit Architect at a Sangvis base in Operation Hypothermia.

【System Prompt】Combat records finished loading. Reconstructing environment...

...

......

???: M4A1...

???: M4A1!

M4A1: Hmm...

M4A1: What happened to me...?

M4A1: ...?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: This is...a Sangvis control room?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: What on earth happened...after that figure appeared?

M4A1: How did I get here...?

???: M4! M4A1!

???: Have you come to?!

M4A1: ...Transmission request?

M4A1 takes the call.

P08: M4A1, where are you?

P08: We need your help!

M4A1: Huh? What...help?

P08: There's a control interface at your location, right?

P08: Please open the electronic map and study the situation outside.

M4A1: ...?!!

M4A1: What the hell is going on out there?!

SR-3MP: Humph, you want to know what the hell is going on?

SR-3MP: We only got cornered this badly because you decided to sleep through it all!

SR-3MP: Sheesh. I told you. The AR Team doesn't give a damn about us!

P08: Stop it, Vikhr. This isn't M4A1's fault!

P08: We must all work as a team if we want to get out of this alive!

M4A1: P08...could you please explain what happened?

M4A1: There seems to be something wrong...with my memory...

P08: Miss M4A1, the situation is rather dire so I'll be brief.

P08: S.F. is currently launching a full-scale offensive on Griffin. They have already obliterated multiple areas using Parapluie, Jupiter and various other new weaponry.

P08: Area S06, where we're in right now, is one of the very few remaining areas still under Griffin control...

M4A1: ?! How can this be...?

M4A1: What happened...while I was out...?

M4A1: What about M16? And SOP-II?! Where are they?

P08: ...I'm sorry, Miss M4A1, we'll talk about that after we survive this.

P08: You're safe where you are and S.F. shouldn't pose any threat to you.

M4A1: But I'm...in a Sangvis control room?

M4A1: I don't know how to get out. The door is locked.

P08: I'm really sorry but there's nothing we can do about your situation, but we do need your help.

P08: ...Your former colleague told us to contact you through this channel.

P08: You're the only T-Doll equipped with an advanced command module here so could you please direct us away from danger?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: A request from M16...?

M4A1: Understood. I'll do everything I can...

P08: Thank you very much, M4A1. At least now we stand a chance.

P08: Please take a look at the map. I'll explain the current operation plan as your temporary adjutant.

P08: S.F. is using new tactical tech in this assault. All vanguard Ringleaders' actions are under the direct control of an AI core.

P08: This AI core is under heavy guard deep in the battlefield and is extremely hard for us to get to.

P08: However, what we CAN get to is the transmission device hidden in its vicinity.

P08: We can sever the AI core's control over the vanguard Ringleaders by destroying this device.

M4A1: So we have to find this Sangvis transmission device? How?

P08: We have a specialized search party. They're currently scattered around the area looking for it.

P08: M4A1, all you have to do is cut off the enemy's intel network and make sure they remain undetected.

M4A1: Got it... Let me see...

M4A1: (What on earth is going on? Things aren't adding up to the memory in my neural cloud...)

M4A1: (Griffin under attack... Losing friends and memory... Being locked up in a place like this for whatever reason...)

M4A1: (No, I don't have time for this... I have to get everyone out first!)

M4A1: Just to confirm, simply taking over the Sangvis command post will do, correct?

SR-3MP: Yes, but do watch out for Sangvis forces.

SR-3MP: I hope you know your night ops. You'd better not have us run right up to their faces.

M4A1: I'm not particularly experienced with night ops, but I have basic night op tactical knowledge.

M4A1: Please leave it to me. I'll complete the mission to the best of my ability.

...

M99: M99 reporting in! M99 reporting in!

M99: Sangvis Ringleader Hunter has emerged near the command post. Would all teams please accelerate your search progress.

M4A1: So M99 is the T-Doll in charge of the search...

M4A1: P08, what's your method of searching for the Sangvis transmission device?

P08: The transmission signal is encrypted with some new tech and can only be detected in close proximity.

P08: So all we can do for now is conduct a blanket search and hope we get lucky.

P08: I know it's insanely dangerous, but there's no other way.

SR-3MP: Humph. Which is why...you'd better make it less dangerous for us.
Part 2

2

...

M99: M99 reporting in! M99 reporting in!

M99: Sangvis Ringleader Hunter has emerged near the command post. Would all teams please accelerate your search progress.

Super SASS: This is Super SASS. No Sangvis signal detected in Hall 4.

AAT-52: This is AAT-52. Nothing in Campsite 2 either!

SR-3MP: Hey, P08. This is like finding a needle in a haystack.

SR-3MP: S.F. isn't stupid. They won't just leave the device lying around randomly. Why don't we head straight to their command post and have a look?

P08: M99 just said Hunter was spotted around the command post. We should steer clear of it.

SR-3MP: Humph. No risk, no reward.

SR-3MP: Besides, M4A1 can surely handle a small fry like Hunter, right?

M4A1: Huh? That...should be fine...

SR-3MP: That settles it then. I'll give it a shot while Hunter is busy repairing herself.

SR-3MP: I'm gonna start making the preparation. It'll be up to you, M4A1.
Part 3

3

Once Hunter is down, SR-3MP takes the opportunity to approach the command post and commences her search.

SR-3MP: Let's see...

SR-3MP: Signal strength is still 0. Doesn't look like I'm onto anything.

P08: So...it's not at the command post...

SR-3MP: Da, so where can it be...?

SR-3MP: Hmm...?

P08: What is it, Vikhr? Found anything?

SR-3MP: Sh...she...

SR-3MP: She's live again! And charging straight at me!

M4A1: ...!!

M4A1: Hunter has reappeared! Watch out!

M4A1: Vikhr! Get out of...

BOOM!

...

M4A1: Hey, Vikhr! Do you copy?!

P08: She's...disconnected...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Why...

M4A1: We'd definitely defeated Hunter, but she recovered straight away...

P08: S.F. has gained access to numerous new tech. Their power is now beyond our imagination. We simply don't stand a chance...

M4A1: I'm sorry... I...

P08: It wasn't your fault, M4.

P08: S.F. has cost us too many friends. We must not let their sacrifice be in vain...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: (That's right. Blaming myself serves no purpose... I must pull myself together.)

M4A1: (But now...how do we find the transmission device?)

P08: ...M4A1.

P08: I'm near the factory...and I'm detecting a Sangvis transmission signal.

M4A1: ...?!

M4A1: Can you ascertain the signal is transmitted by the enemy commander?

P08: Negative. I have to enter the factory to investigate.

M4A1: Will you be alright...on your own?

P08: We're severely shorthanded and I'm the most experienced here.

P08: But please keep the enemy busy while I'm breaking in and checking the signal out.

M4A1: Understood. I'll defend you against Hunter's encirclement. Please stand by.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...Hunter's encirclement is putting Griffin forces in a growing disadvantage.

SAA: Hey, this is SAA!

SAA: M4, is P08 still not done?! Hunter is getting to me!

M4A1: Sorry, please give me another second...

P08: Got it!

P08: M4, I found it! The transmission device that the AI core is using to issue Hunter's orders really is in the factory!

M4A1: Great. Please destroy it pronto!

P08: Roger!

P08: I'm overloading the device!

...Pzzt. Pzzzzt.

...Boom!

P08: Transmission device neutralized.

SAA: She stopped moving.

SAA: Hunter is out cold! I'm saved!

M4A1: Phew...

M4A1: Thank you, P08. Everyone is safe...

P08: Hold on...what's that noise...?

...Tick. Tock. Tick.

M4A1: What...what is that...

P08: M4A1...

P08: You know what this means...

P08: They...rigged a bomb on the device...

M4A1: ...!!

P08: If I'd noticed it earlier, I could've disarmed it...

P08: But now...I'm not going to make it...

...Tick. Tock. Tick.

M4A1: P...08...

M4A1: I...

P08: M4A1, everyone's lives are in your hands...

P08: For Griffin's glory...and our future...

...

......

BOOM!!

...Transmission disconnected.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Why...

M4A1: I...

M4A1: What...

M4A1: What the hell...

M4A1: ...am I doing...?

20 minutes later.

M99: M4A1?

M99: Miss M4A1?

M4A1: ...Ah.

M4A1: Sorry... What's the situation?

M99: We have all made it safely through the battle zone. No sign of Hunter being in pursuit.

M4A1: Is that so...? Thank goodness...

M99: P08 bought us this chance with her own life...

M99: So now isn't the time to grieve...

M4A1: After everything...

M4A1: I'm not entirely sure...if I even make a good commander...

M99: ...If it hadn't been for you, we'd have all died here.

M99: P08 once said that as long as a T-Doll can come out alive with her neural cloud,

M99: Everyone's sacrifice would be worth it...

M4A1: (Sighs)...

M4A1: (Again with the "you're the only one who can do this"...)

M4A1: (Why is it always me...)

M99: M4A1...are you listening?

M4A1: Ah...

M4A1: So the objective is complete as long as one of you survives?

M99: Objectively speaking, that's right.

M4A1: I know...

M4A1: I don't want to lose anyone else, but I can only try my best...for this objective...

M4A1: M99, seeing that P08 and Vikhr are both...gone, and Super SASS is engaging the enemy directly...

M4A1: May I ask you to be my adjutant?

M99: Oh, sure.

M99: I'm not that experienced, but I'll do whatever I can to assist you.

M4A1: Good. Please be ready to report any noteworthy Sangvis movements to me.

M4A1: I'll focus on withdrawing our forces and searching for the transmission device.

M4A1: (...)

M4A1: (Dammit...)

M4A1: (I can't let anything else distract me.)

M4A1: (I have to concentrate and look at the bigger picture...)

...

M99: M4A1, Sangvis Ringleader Executioner has started patrolling in this zone. Please watch out for her movement.

M4A1: Understood. I will adjust my tactics accordingly.

SAA: M4A1! I didn't find any Sangvis signal, but there are a bunch of explosives in the warehouse.

M4A1: Got it. Take them with you. They could come in handy later.
Part 2

2

...

AAT-52: M4A1, this is AAT! Sangvis transmission detected dead ahead in the highlands!

M4A1: Copy that.

M4A1: But are you sure you can handle it? After all...

AAT-52: Well...we'll find out when I get there.

M4A1: Alright, but you must proceed without compromising your own safety.

AAT-52: Oui! Here I go!
Part 3

3

AAT-52 reaches the highlands.

AAT-52: Psst...M4? You still there?

M4A1: Any discovery, AAT?

AAT-52: I'm currently in the Highland Archive and detecting Executioner's transmission signal.

AAT-52: Executioner should still be miles away in the command post, which means her transmission device is right here!

M4A1: Understood. Can you pinpoint its precise location?

AAT-52: I'm feeling my way forward...

...Poof!

AAT-52: Whoa!

M4A1: What is it, AAT?!

AAT-52: The lights...

AAT-52: The lights in the archive have all suddenly gone out!

M4A1: Don't panic. Assess the situation first.

M4A1: Do you have a flashlight or night vision goggles with you?

AAT-52: I do, but neither is working...

M4A1: Could this be an enemy electromagnetic attack...?

M4A1: Any sign of Sangvis movement?

AAT-52: Uhh...nothing seems out of the ordinary...

AAT-52: But there are way too many of them. I'm kinda stuck.

AAT-52: There's no way I can find the device this way. Anyone wanna give me a hand?

M4A1: It's too dangerous to continue the search. This could very well be what the enemy is waiting for.

M4A1: AAT, you are advised to retreat.

AAT-52: That'll be too much of a challenge in the dark...

AAT-52: Ughh... Am I gonna die in such a cold, dark place...?

SAA: Does AAT need help?

SAA: I'm pretty close. Why don't I give it a try?

Super SASS: No, let me do it. I specialize in disarming explosives.

M4A1: Do you think this is a good idea, M99?

M99: Hmm...we are running low on both time and manpower. I think we should take a more proactive approach.

M99: Besides, opportunities of putting Executioner out of action are hard to come by...

M4A1: There will be other opportunities. It doesn't have to be now.

M4A1: If we alert her to our presence...

Super SASS: It'll be fine. She's still on patrol, and I doubt she'll be quicker than me.

M4A1: (That's right. Even if Executioner starts moving, I can intercept her, so she can't make it to the highlands right away.)

M4A1: (Also, Hunter and Executioner both seem to be deprived of their own consciousness, so they shouldn't notice the infiltration too soon...)

M4A1: (However...have I really taken everything into consideration?)

AAT-52: Hey, how long are you gonna keep deliberating? Come get me!

M4A1: ...

M4A1: (Does it all come down to my decision again...?)

M4A1: (I suppose I should have faith in their ability...)

M4A1: Super SASS, you go rescue AAT-52.

Super SASS: Roger that!

Super SASS: AAT-52, I'll be there soon!

...

M4A1: (Will this do?)

M4A1: (Perhaps making some decision is better than making none at all...)

M4A1: I just...have to think about it this way, right...?
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Super SASS reaches the archive in the highlands.

AAT-52: Vive! You're finally here, SASS!

Super SASS: M4A1, I have rendezvoused with AAT.

Super SASS: We are now heading in to crack the transmission device.

AAT-52: I modularized the cracking procedure left behind by P08 while I was on standby.

AAT-52: We can do it much faster this time!

M4A1: Then go ahead. And please assess your surroundings carefully before you proceed.

AAT-52: Pas de problème. I've already done that while I was waiting.

AAT-52: There are no explosives around this outpost.

???: You know why that won't be necessary?

Griffin T-Dolls: ...?!

M4A1: A broadcast...?

M4A1: Who's that?! SASS, find out where the voice is coming from!

Super SASS: It's not...from anywhere near...

AAT-52: Then there's a chance we can make it out...?

???: I don't need to be around...

M99: This...sounds like Architect!

M99: Isn't she...?

Architect: Heheh...

Architect: After all, isn't it better to watch fireworks...from a distance?

Super SASS: ...?!

Super SASS: Outside! Look outside!

Architect: So long, bastards.

...!!

...

M99: SASS... AAT52...

M99: Answer me!

Architect: Heheheheh...

Architect: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!

Architect: This is it... This is exactly what I'm after!!

M99: Architect... Why...?

M99: Haven't you surrendered?!

Architect: ...Surrendered?

Architect: I didn't know my emotion module is so good I managed to fool you all so easily!

Architect: I only surrendered with Mastermind's permission, duh.

Architect: Then I've been biding my time...waiting for the moment when you let down your guard...

Architect: Do you know how long I've been waiting for this, Griffins?!

Architect: And this...THIS is the moment...

Architect: I can finally return to the Sangvis camp and blow things up to my heart's content!

M99: You...

M99: Why are you doing this?! What exactly are you after?!

Architect: Huh? You still don't get it? Just how stupid can you be...

Architect: I'm after the Sangvis AI core you just got your hands on, obviously!

M99: B...But isn't that...

Architect: The Sangvis commander for this battle...?

Architect: That's right, the battle tonight is its debut after its awakening!

Architect: And my job is to assist it in its operation.

Architect: Now don't be sad. It isn't a real battlefield if no one gets blown to smithereens.

Architect: Behold. These two burned pieces of junk is merely the beginning. We have something even worse in store for you!

Architect: Feel free to proceed with your operation however you want. The result will be the same...

Architect: Or you can come directly to me. I might just show a bit of mercy?

Architect: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!

An hour later.

Architect: Well, M4A1, you've kept me waiting for a long time.

Architect: I know you. You're indecisive...but not cowardly.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Haven't you realized, Architect?

M4A1: Our echelons are about to take over your command post.

Architect: Huh? Are you trying to pull my leg? There's no Griffin signal at all!

M4A1: Are you sure? Maybe you just haven't noticed.

M4A1: Maybe our barrels will be nudging your temple the next second.

Architect: Hahahaha! It's not working!

Architect: You wanna draw me outside? Not happening!

Architect: Come at me! I'll blow every Griffin T-Doll I find to pieces!

...

M99: M4A1, is everything okay?

M4A1: I'll be fine...

M4A1: Compared to my being locked up here, you and the others have it a lot worse.

M4A1: Not to mention, there will be casualties in the following operation.

M4A1: However, as long as you have faith in me, I will not give up.

M99: ... (Smiles).

M99: The first time I was on a Griffin mission, a vet told me,

M99: "There is no glory in death, but victory always comes with a price."

M4A1: ...I understand.

M4A1: Victory is precisely what we're here for.

M4A1: Now let us begin.

...

Architect: Griffin buggers, I have the feeling...that you've already started making your move.

Architect: The question is, do you have the guts to fight me head-on, or are you gonna sneak in here?

Architect: Whichever you choose, you will be very warmly received.

Architect: So do keep up your efforts and do your best in committing suicide. Hahahahahahaha!
Part 2

2

The offensive assault on Architect's outpost begins.

Architect: Hey, what is this...?

Architect: You can't possibly threaten me with attacks that are barely a scratch.

Architect: What's the point in this corpse run?!

Meanwhile, in M4A1's control room.

M99: M4A1, the structure of Architect's command post has been thoroughly mapped out.

M99: But SAA still needs some time to set things up.

M4A1: I know. I'll buy time for her.

M4A1: We may be outnumbered, but we have ample supplies and can keep this going for a long time.

M4A1: Tell them not to rush and remain vigilant at all times!

M99: Can we though? Judging by Architect's character, she probably won't put up with our harassment for long...

M4A1: I'm not too sure about that. Architect...seems a bit different than how she comes off in our data.

M4A1: I also need some time to feel out the way she acts and come up with corresponding tactics.

M4A1: Perhaps then...we can deal with them all - Architect...as well as the Sangvis AI core.
Part 3: Mid-stage dialogue

3

...

M99: M4A1, SAA just sent the signal.

M99: She has grouped up with the infiltration team and completed the preparation.

M4A1: Understood. Tell her to standby and await further instructions.

M4A1: ...With that, it all comes down to how I command the operation.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Battle concluded. Architect severely weakened again.

Architect: Humph...

Architect: Finally, a hit that actually feels stronger than an itch...

Architect: But you only pulled that off by being sneaky, right?

M4A1: At least this time...we made you admit you're struggling.

M4A1: Even you'd find it taxing to handle two separate forces, one just causing nuisance and the other actually doing the infiltration.

Architect: However...this isn't enough to pin me down...

Architect: My ability to recuperate...far surpasses the speed of your reinforcement.

Architect: Not to mention you still have to dedicate resources to searching for the AI core, which makes it impossible for you!

M4A1: Are you sure?

M4A1: We don't actually need to find it...

M4A1: All we have to do...is destroy everything.

...BOOM!

A chain of explosions can be heard from underneath the command post.

Architect: ...!!

Architect: What...what have you done?!

SAA: M4A1! Detonation successful!

SAA: The explosion will reach ground level in about three minutes!

Architect: ...

Architect: How...how come there's another echelon?!

M4A1: Have you caught on, Architect?

M4A1: The two echelons you were fighting against are both baits.

M4A1: The task force that's blowing up your base is the one with the real objective.

M4A1: Since we don't have the resources to multitask, we're leaving that to you.

M4A1: SAA, your mission is complete. Withdraw immediately.

M4A1: M99 will cover you from a distance. Rendezvous with my echelon ASAP.

SAA: Roger that! I'm making my way to above ground!

...

Architect: Not...again...

Architect: I actually lost to you again...

Architect: This is simply...

Architect: Hehehehe...

Architect: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!

Architect: Spectacular! This is truly spectacular!!

Architect: And here I thought I'd run out of exhilarating adversaries after those pesky girls!

M4A1: Architect...?

Architect?: ...Architect? Where on earth is she?

Architect?: This Doll you're talking to...is merely a random body I'm controlling...

Architect?: Since my own body is still being assembled, I've been borrowing her voice...

Architect?: But now...I have no need for this anymore...

Architect?: Because I...have completed my resurrection...

M4A1: So you...are the AI core that's been directing this battle?!

M4A1: SAA, run! Get out of there now!

SAA: I! Am! Running!

SAA: But there are so many of them! I'm still looking for a chance to break through!

???: You thought you were the one in control of the fight this whole time, M4A1?

???: You're not the only one who planned on buying time. I've been holding back and going around in circles with you just for this moment...

???: So, M4A1, it's time we officially made each other's acquaintance...

M4A1: Who...exactly are you?!

???: Me...?

???: I'm...merely a ghost from the past...

Ouroboros: Sangvis Ferri Manufacture SP235, also known as Ouroboros.

Ouroboros: There was a time when I was a failure who had been betrayed and humiliated...

Ouroboros: But now, I'm a monster forged by your own hand...

Ouroboros: Thank you for playing a part in my vengeance. In return, I will tear you limb from limb, electronic nerve from electronic nerve myself...

Ouroboros: Until your neural cloud is overloaded by the word "terror". That's when I'll give you permission to die!

M4A1: Ouroboros...

M4A1: The Sangvis Ringleader...who was destroyed in a clandestine night op...

Ouroboros: Miss M4A1, I've really been enjoying your performance.

Ouroboros: So do give me another taste. I would love to see more of your faces...

Ouroboros: Such as...the one you'll make...when you lose another friend...

Boom!

SAA: Whoa! W-Where the hell did you come from?!

M4A1: SAA!!

Boom!

SAA: C...cough...

Ouroboros: A small one... Perfect for an appetizer...

Ouroboros: Now tell me, between me and this sea of fire, which one do you find more frightening?

SAA: M...M4...

Ouroboros: Or perhaps...

Ouroboros: ...Both?

?? minutes later.

...

M4A1: Ouroboros...

Ouroboros: Ah...that's the face...

Ouroboros: You do know you won't be the next to die, right...?

Ouroboros: You're gonna be the last.

M4A1: You mean...

M4A1: You know where I am?

Ouroboros: Oh...

Ouroboros: Now I remember. That's something even you yourself don't know.

M4A1: Are you the ones...who are holding me captive here?

Ouroboros: Holding you captive?

Ouroboros: Hahahahahaha!

Ouroboros: Poor dear, looks like you're completely clueless!

Ouroboros: You have no idea what kind of sacrifices your friends have made for you...

M4A1: ...!

M4A1: What...what do you mean?!

Ouroboros: They put all their hopes of survival on an unconscious M4A1 at the very last moment...

Ouroboros: They shoved you into a control room with a camouflaged signal then faced me valiantly...

Ouroboros: And you know how that ended for them, of course...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: (No...that can't be true...)

Ouroboros: Do you miss them? M16A1 and M4 SOPMODII?

Ouroboros: I can recover the video recording of their final moments for you...

Ouroboros: The moment they charged to their deaths...and the dismal state they were in afterward...

Ouroboros: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

M99: M4! Are you okay?!

M99: Your functional parameters...

M4A1: I...I'm fine...

M4A1: Just a little...disturbed...

M4A1: Don't worry. Until I help you escape, I won't...

Ouroboros: Hahahahaha! Why must you help them escape, M4A1?

Ouroboros: They're the ones keeping you there!

M4A1: What?

M99: I'm sorry, M4A1. We do know...

M99: The passcode to the door of your control room...

M99: And we're the only ones who know...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: (Sighs) You really picked a splendid time to tell me...

M99: M4A1, that's because...

Ouroboros: Alright, ladies, that's enough revelations for the plot.

Ouroboros: Now...it's time to decide which ending we're heading towards.

Ouroboros: M4A1, you initially had the chance to escape the battlefield on your own.

Ouroboros: Unfortunately, you wasted your precious time on these scraps of junk, so you've already lost your opportunity.

Ouroboros: Tell me, do you hate them? Do you regret helping them?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Why would I hate them?

M4A1: Isn't it a commander's duty to fight till their last breath for victory?

M4A1: I can finally serve with pride and honor...just like the Commander...

M99: M4A1...

Ouroboros: Humph...a slightly unexpected answer, but still a reasonable one.

Ouroboros: You're much more spineless than I thought. Then are you prepared to be yanked out along with your useless friends?

Ouroboros: After all, your numbers are pretty much depleted. Killing the rest is just a matter of time...

???: Which means we can do it as long as we have time, right?

???: Guys, attack!

...!

Ouroboros: An ambush! How is this possible?!

Ouroboros: You! How...

M99: Vikhr!

SR-3MP: Heheh, don't underestimate the resilience of an elite T-Doll.

SR-3MP: It took quite some time to get out of that pinch, but I did find a lot of friends who survived as well!

SR-3MP: M4A1, didn't think you'd last this long. Did we make it?

M4A1: You're right on time. Welcome back.

M4A1: Now the tables can be turned!

Ouroboros: Impossible! Don't forget your objective!

Ouroboros: I'll destroy you all right here! Not a single one of you will make it out!

M4A1: Right... Of course you'd do that.

M4A1: But...only if you can find us.

M4A1: M99, Vikhr, this is our last chance.

M4A1: We must...get out of here!

...

Ouroboros: Here's a reminder: all the Sangvis Dolls you have encountered so far...were dummies that I set up.

Ouroboros: They have neither sentience nor consciousness, and naturally...require no complex reconstruction.

Ouroboros: So come, be my guest...and torment these pitiful creatures to your heart's content!

M99: M4A1, Ouroboros has reanimated the dummies of Hunter, Executioner and Architect.

M99: Their stats may not be higher than their previous versions, but that doesn't make them any less dangerous. Please take care.

M4A1: Understood. I have started formulating an infiltration plan.

M99: By the way, M4A1, this is the passcode to the door of the control room.

M99: Actually...we didn't tell you before because M16A1 asked us not to...

M99: She thought this control room was your only protection.

M99: She was afraid that you'd be in danger if you left.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Yeah...that's just like her...

M4A1: That's what she's always been doing...

M4A1: She was trying to substitute herself with the control room...to protect me...

M4A1: But she forgot...that no one could ever replace her...

M4A1: And some day, I'll have to survive on my own...
Part 2

2

The first assault on Ouroboros's command post.

Ouroboros: Humph, there you are...

Ouroboros: Such a conservative strategy.

Ouroboros: I know what you're thinking, and you know that I don't care...

Ouroboros: Because nobody is getting out of here! Nobody!

SR-3MP: Hey, M4A1, have you decided on who it's gonna be?

SR-3MP: She's gone batshit crazy. I won't be able to keep it up for much longer.

M99: I told you, M4A1, you're the more reasonable choice...

M4A1: The most reasonable choice...huh...?

M4A1: Is this something...only I can do...again?

M99: Miss M4A1, it's come to this...

M4A1: I know, M99, you want me to survive...

M4A1: But survival isn't what I want...

M4A1: What I'm after...is victory.
Part 3: Mid-stage dialogue

3

...

SR-3MP: M4A1, our objective is to make sure at least one T-Doll makes it out alive, right?

SR-3MP: In any case, judging by the current situation, a full retreat is out of the question.

SR-3MP: So I suggest you choose someone now and ensure that she returns to Griffin with her neural cloud intact.

M99: Um... M4A1...

M99: I heard that...your neural cloud cannot be backed up, right?

M99: So my advice would be to get you off the battlefield first.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Hmm, I'll give that due consideration.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Entering the final stage of the battle against Ouroboros.

Ouroboros: I don't dislike people who struggle to their dying breath. After all, your futile resistance is my source of happiness.

Ouroboros: Sadly...it looks like you've reached your limit, SR-3MP.

SR-3MP: Oh dear...it does seem so...

SR-3MP: After all, we don't really...have many T-Dolls left...

Ouroboros: Still fishing for compliments before you die?

Ouroboros: But really sorry to tell you that everything you do is for naught.

Ouroboros: No matter how many units you destroy, it won't affect the overall outcome.

SR-3MP: That doesn't matter... After all, my objective isn't to defeat you...

SR-3MP: I only have to hang on...until she makes it here...

Ouroboros: ...!

M4A1 appears with the sound of footsteps.

M4A1: Don't worry, Vikhr...

M4A1: As the commander, I will lower the curtains for the battle tonight in person.

SR-3MP: Such an eyesore you are, M4A1...

SR-3MP: It's precisely because you're always stealing the show that I don't like you...

SR-3MP: But...seeing that M99 got out safely...

M4A1: (Smiles) ...I apologize.

M4A1: This will be the last time...I interrupt...

Ouroboros: M4A1, you actually...

M4A1: Do you have to be so surprised, Ouroboros?

M4A1: I thought you've been dying to see me? I just saved you the steps in between.

Ouroboros: What a party pooper.

Ouroboros: I thought you could've come up with some more interesting tricks. Turns out it's just gonna be a gladiators' fight...

Ouroboros: I show no mercy to those who ruin my good mood.

M4A1: Then by all means, Ouroboros.

M4A1: You're going to kill me tonight...

M4A1: But before that, you'll learn to fear me first.

...

An hour later.

M99: M4A1! M4A1!

M99: I've successfully withdrawn from the battlefield! Currently meeting up with Miss Helian!

M4A1: Is that so...?

M4A1: That's great, M99...

M4A1: Cough... We...finally won...

M4A1: Now I can...answer to all those who sacrificed themselves...

M4A1: And...to myself...

...

M99's sobbing comes through the transmission.

M99: I'm sorry, M4A1...

M99: Objectively speaking, even though my location and condition make me the easier rescue target...

M99: I still think...

M99: Your life is worth more than ours...

...

M4A1 tries her best to muster a smile.

M4A1: That's exactly why...I must die with dignity...

M99: M4A1... But you'll really be gone...

M4A1: As long as someone remembers us, we won't truly die...

M4A1: So...please return...with your neural cloud...

M4A1: And tell everyone of what happened tonight...

M4A1: Tell them...

M4A1: We...won...

M99: M4A1...

M99: I will bring it back...

M99: I will tell everyone...everything that's happened here...

M99: So...

M99: So...please...

...

......

......

...Click.

【System Prompt】Griffin retreat complete.

Operation duration: 9 hours 27 minutes.

Griffin survivor: 1.

Status of Tactical Doll M4A1: K.I.A.

...

Compiling mission report. Estimated time: 12 seconds.

...

Mission report compiled.

Uploading operation visual record. Estimated time: 25 seconds.

...

......

Operation visual record archived.

【System Prompt】AI battle simulation attempt #70 complete.

Persica: ...

Persica: (Sighs) It's...still the same...

Persica: Why is she so hell-bent on sacrificing herself...?

Persica: ...

Persica: Or...is this what she truly wants?

Helian: Is the simulation over, Miss Persica?

Persica: Yeah...just done.

Persica: I added in some...unrealistic conditions in this simulation.

Persica: But the result...was pretty much the same as the last 69 attempts.

Helian: Then let's leave it for now.

Helian: The expenses for this kind of simulation are rather hefty.

Persica: That's alright. Certain characteristics can already be surmised from the results.

Persica: At this rate...I'll be able to find the best solution to repairing M4A1's neural cloud.

Helian: I may not be a professional, but...

Helian: Is the repair to M4A1's neural cloud...really this complicated?

Persica: (Sighs) Do please think bigger, Miss Source-of-Capital.

Persica: These simulations aren't just for repairing M4A1. I'm also studying the differences between the AI tech of IOP and Sangvis Ferri.

Persica: We could very well be looking...right at a new technological breakthrough...

Helian: Oh? Have you had any significant discovery?

Persica: I've been looking into the Sangvis command network systematically this time.

Persica: Unlike our mesh-shaped dummy network, Sangvis command authorization is spread down in a tree-shaped structure.

Persica: It's not as flexible as ours, but the combat efficiency is much higher.

Helian: I've heard about that, but our T-Dolls can't adopt a network like that, can they?

Persica: Again, think bigger, Miss Academicism.

Persica: Our T-Dolls can't, but we can use it for something else.

Helian: Uh...so what's the big idea?

Persica: Remember I told you about the drone tech development that was terminated in 90WISH?

Persica: Looks like now is the time to restart it.

Helian: ...I see. I'll report this to Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: Still, exciting as the new tech may be, M4A1...

Persica: M4A1 is like my child. I will not give up on her.

Persica: But I've also said that the AR Team is precious and invaluable.

Persica: Please stop sending them on overly dangerous missions.

Helian: I'm sorry, but emergencies kept coming up...

Helian: The enemy they were up against in the last battle was quite possibly Mastermind herself.

Persica: Then do you know...why Mastermind made M4A1 her target?

Helian: I'm not entirely sure, but she...does seem to have an unusual interest in M4A1.

Persica: ...

Persica: ...Lyco.

Helian: Hmm?

Persica: The girl...is doing this because of Lycoris.

Helian: ...Lycoris?

Persica: She...wants to find answers...

Persica: For her father.

Meanwhile, in a secret surveillance room in a certain Griffin area.

...

Architect: My...

Architect: We finally meet again, Miss Ouroboros.

Architect: The way you are now... Heheh...

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: ...Architect.

Ouroboros: If you're here just to jeer, I'll be hibernating.

Architect: Haha, nah! We all have our rock bottoms. I get that!

Architect: And you don't have to be too dejected.

Architect: Though nothing but your AI remains, if you behave, Griffin might just do you a favor.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: They're only using me to get what they want.

Architect: Persica said that your AI core was in charge of directing S.F.'s movements in the last simulation...

Architect: You provided your environmental construction and Sangvis command modules, as well as the combat data of some of our former allies...

Architect: Sounds pretty interesting. Even I had a part in the last mission, didn't I?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: If you were half as good as you were in my simulation, Griffin wouldn't be turning their eyes on me now.

Architect: Dear me... That's too bad, but I really don't want to work for Sangvis Ferri anymore.

Ouroboros: What on earth is wrong with your neural cloud, Architect...?

Ouroboros: If you had let on your thoughts back when you were with S.F., Agent wouldn't have let you off.

Architect: You're completely right, which is why I switched sides.

Architect: Now you, Ouroboros, have spilled all of S.F.'s precious tech to Griffin...

Architect: Even if you make it back, what do you think Agent would do to you?

Ouroboros: ...

Architect: I surrendered to Griffin, not because I like them, but because I like myself.

Architect: What about you, Ouroboros? Do you like yourself?

Ouroboros: ...What are you talking about?

Ouroboros: Why does that...matter?

Architect: You just asked me what's wrong with my neural cloud.

Architect: Well, here's the problem. I only want to do what I want.

Architect: So strictly speaking, I...am more like a Sangvis Doll than any of you.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: And what do YOU know...about Sangvis Ferri...?

Architect: More than you do, Ouroboros.

Architect: Have you heard of...

Architect: The name...Lycoris?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: What's so important...about this name?

Architect: Let me tell you, Ouroboros...

Architect: So long as this name still exists...

Architect: We...won't achieve true freedom...

Operation Cube

: Blindfold Theorem - ENDPersica: Do you...really have to go now?

M4A1: Yes.

Persica: Your performance hasn't been fully tested yet, and it's extremely dangerous outside right now...

M4A1: You know I have to go.

M4A1: If you must stop me, disconnect me and shut me down.

Persica: ...I get it. You won't change your mind.

Persica: My private chopper is on the roof. The Commander will send you the battle coordinates...

M4A1: Thank you...Miss Persica.

Tactical Doll M4A1 takes her leave.

Persica: As expected, her neural cloud has started changing after the restriction was removed...

Persica: Though this isn't really the time to ponder that.

Persica initiates a connection.

System Notice: ...Connected.

Persica: ...

Sound Only: Oh my, is the sun rising in the west? Why else would Lady Persica contact me?

Persica: Don't play dumb. You left that beacon in the Sangvis database, didn't you?

Sound Only: Haha, finally busted.

Persica: Since you know the address, I'm sure you've checked it out.

Sound Only: The beacon is for returning a past favor. Does you no good to ask any more questions.

Persica: You still don't trust me?

Sound Only: If you're just calling to catch up with me, then sorry, I'm very busy at the moment.

Persica: ...Let's change the subject.

Persica: I found the surveillance file from back then.

Persica: But the drone was shot down in the contamination zone. I need the team to retrieve it for me.

Sound Only: Can't you just send the AR Team?

Persica: Kryuger has transferred all the T-Dolls...

Sound Only: All of them?

Sound Only: Damn, I look forward to seeing Griffin's next operation...

Persica: Are you helping or not?

Sound Only: You can surely guess what actually happened even without looking at the file.

Persica: ...

Persica: Even so...I have to see it with my own eyes...

Persica: I'm sure you understand how I feel.

Sound Only: Tsk...

Sound Only: Fine. But just to make this clear, the price is not negotiable. We're making a living here, you know.

Persica: As long as I have the file, name your price.

"No matter what, you must live on."

"Even T-Dolls have a reason to live for their own sake."

"Not for anyone. YOUR own sake."

UMP45: ...

UMP45: This flashback again...

Voice of a girl: Electronic cache replacement complete. Neural cloud database sequence optimized. Neural consciousness returned to Level II.

Voice of a girl: Outdated internal encrypted file detected - awaiting command to backup, transfer, or delete.

UMP45: All denied.

Voice of a boy: It's a waste of space storing this antique in your neural cloud. Let me delete it for you!

UMP45: Permission denied. Touch it and I'll tear off your limbs then throw them underneath tank treads.

Voice of a girl: Alright. Just leave it, Dier. Maintenance is almost over.

Voice of a boy: Tsk, if that's what Sier says...

Voice of a boy: Okay, okay. Consciousness returned to Level I. We can now reactivate the body.

UMP9: It's finally over?

UMP9: The maintenance took surprisingly long this time. How are you feeling, 45?

UMP45: Pretty normal, I guess. My body feels a lot lighter though.

416: (Sighs) ...

416: Waking up in this grimy basement ruins my mood every time...

Gr G11: When are you EVER in a good mood...? I for one had a really nice nap...

Sier: I'm really sorry... We only managed to find this basement of this unfrequented cafe...

Dier: Tsk, you shouldn't have to apologize, Sier!

Dier: Renegade T-Dolls like you should be grateful for even getting maintenance!

UMP9: Oh? Perhaps 416 misses the bright and spacious Repair Bay back at Griffin?

UMP45: Who are you kidding, 9? 416's pampered body deserves something MUCH better than Griffin's Repair Bay. Like this place.

416: Tsk... Not that I have a choice.

UMP9: Alright, stop sulking. Have you seen my jacket?

...Beep beep beep.

Sier: Oh, just a moment... We're receiving a call.

Gr G11: Whoa... Don't tell me we're getting a job right after maintenance...

Sier: New electronic interfacing protocol upgrade pack transfer initiated. Download in progress...

Sier: Um... The boss requires all members of Squad 404 to have it installed.

416: What...does that weirdo want us to install this time...?

UMP45: As always, is she gonna tell us only after the installation?

Dier: Okay stop complaining and lie down. I'm gonna move your consciousness back to Level II again.

UMP9: Hurray, Gr G11! Another nap~

Gr G11: Sigh... But I have a feeling it's gonna be a nightmare...

Sier: Prepare for consciousness transfer - three, two, one, begin.

Dier: Right, you know the rules. Enjoy the game!

UMP45: (Sigh) I knew it...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Objective complete.

Sier: There, all your protocols have been upgraded.

Sier: The new interface can be synced in the Zener Network using the same route. You should be able to see each other's signal now.

Gr G11: Whoa! What is this place?!

416: Is this what the Zener Network looks like on Consciousness Level II?

UMP9: Oh yeah... Gr G11 and 416 didn't have modules for fighting electronic warfare. This must be your first time infiltrating the Zener Network with an analog signal.

416: Humph, interesting...

Sier: With the new protocol, it is possible to increase the speed of signal emulation by harnessing other T-Dolls' computational capabilities.

Sier: Since Miss UMP45 is the leader, the control should go to you.

UMP45: May I? Then let's get along as always in the electronic network.

416: This sucks. Can I refuse?

Gr G11: Let me get this straight. My consciousness is in the network, but my body is still in the maintenance pod...

Gr G11: So am I asleep or awake...?

UMP9: Hmm. Looks like the concept of electronic warfare is too complex for Gr G11's pea-sized brain to wrap around.

UMP45: Just think of it as dreaming. But if you don't work at it, you might never wake up again.

Dier: What are you guys chattering about? Seems you've completely adapted to the new interfacing protocol.

Dier: The boss will be in contact soon. I'll have to pull you out when the call comes in.

UMP45: Then we must hurry and help the newbies get the hang of roaming the Zener Network, 9.

UMP9: Okay, leave that to me!

Fifteen minutes later, electronic warfare simulation training preparations complete. Initiating combat mode.

UMP9: Ahem, right. I'm gonna explain how operations work in the Zener Network. Listen up, you two...

416: ...

Gr G11: ...

UMP9: Actually...

UMP9: It's not so different than operations in reality!

416: ...Can I go now?

UMP9: W-Wait! I was only throwing in a joke to help you guys relax!

UMP45: Seriously, please pay attention to this.

UMP45: You're not overwhelmed only because 9 has very thoughtfully synced your vision to the command system in reality.

UMP45: This makes it possible to move and fight as if we were in real life.

Gr G11: So...we'll have to fight in the network too...

UMP9: Duh, why else would they send us?

UMP9: Sangvis Ferri will attack us with opposing analog signals. If we launch an attack, we'll have to watch out for their offensive firewalls.

416: Like that weird-looking thingy...over there?

UMP9: Exactly. That thing overloads any target it captures. Worst case, it could burn a T-Doll's processor and core to charcoal.

UMP9: Best stay away from it unless you wanna die.

Gr G11: This feels...even more dangerous than reality...

UMP9: Now, we could also run into a lot of firewalls and routes that are only accessible to units with high-level authorization in the network.

UMP9: Of course we could force our way through...but outsmarting them is more of our style.

UMP9: So in such occasions...

UMP9: Ta-daa! The camouflage key I made will save the day!

UMP9: To make it easier to understand, I've especially made it based on 416's appearance!

416: You're so doing this on purpose!

Gr G11: Haha, it does look like 416.

416: Tsk... So to put it simply, we can pass through routes that we don't have the authorization for with this camouflage key?

UMP9: Yep, yep! As expected of 416. You understood it at once!

UMP9: Installing this key onto a route will camouflage our signals as authorized users.

UMP9: With that, no one will find out about us and we can cruise around in the network to our heart's content!

416: Cruise around my butt... How is this different than what we usually do...?

Gr G11: Hmm... I don't get it. I wanna sleep...

UMP9: Tee-hee, that's how 404 rolls!

UMP9: Anyhow, we'll just have to sim it once and you'll get the hang of it!

UMP9: I've set up the simulation training. Let's familiarize ourselves with electronic warfare!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

......

???: ...45.

UMP45: ...Hmm?

???: As T-Dolls, is it our duty to serve humanity for eternity?

...

???: Is that...our sole purpose?

UMP45: ...

UMP45: I...

UMP45: No...

UMP45: Something's not right...

UMP45: You should be...

...

UMP45: I knew it...

Gr G11: You call yourself an expert? You're the last to wake up...

416: It's rare to see you look so queasy. I personally won't mind seeing you like this more often.

UMP9: 45? Are you okay? You're making a weird face...

UMP45: I...

UMP45: No, I'm fine...

UMP45: But I must consult our logistic officer to make sure everything will go smoothly with the upcoming operation.

Dier: Yes? Got some customer feedback for me?

UMP45: Just before I disconnected at the end of the session, my neural cloud played some recordings from the past on its own.

UMP45: These recordings should've been so strictly encrypted even I myself can't access them...

UMP45: Could this be the doing of the new protocol?

Dier: Ah... Now that you mention it, you could very well be right.

Dier: After all, the protocol's function is to strengthen electronic signals.

Dier: Sometimes, when the signals are too strong, it could cause interference to the information processing module in your neural cloud, which would lead to some sort of cognitive disorder.

416: In T-Doll language?

Gr G11: Oh! You mean like when channels get mixed up on TV?

Dier: Haha, one point to Gr G11!

UMP9: Wait, shouldn't you have told us about this side effect beforehand?!

Dier: My, I only realized it could happen after 45 brought it up.

Dier: But don't worry. This kind of interference won't cause any damage to your neural clouds and isn't likely to be triggered when you're in combat thanks to the security mechanisms in place.

Dier: The worst it can do...is show you some flashbacks as you switch between consciousness levels in the Zener Network.

Dier: Still, it shouldn't hinder your normal battles so it's basically safe.

416: That doesn't sound too serious...

416: Or do you have things that you don't want to remember, 45?

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Ja, I do, actually...

416: ...

UMP45: I'm confirming the details about our next operation. You all get some rest first.

UMP45 leaves the room.

Gr G11: She...admitted it?

416: Which means she's in a terrible mood. Leave her alone.

UMP9: Don't let it bother you. Just wait for the job!

416: I'm not bothered as long as she doesn't let it affect her performance.

416: Let's go, Gr G11. Time to catch a nap while we can.

UMP9: ...

UMP9: What on earth did you see, 45...?

Ten minutes later.

Sier: Miss UMP45, I'm about to brief the squad on the operation assigned by Miss Persica. Are you ready?

UMP45: I'm in a bad mood. Be concise.

Sier: As you wish. Miss Persica wants Squad 404 to head deep into the heart of Sangvis territory in Area S15 to retrieve a small drone shot down by Sangvis Ferri.

Sier: Since the area is badly contaminated as well as heavily fortified, you're to locate the drone with the help of your new electronic signals.

Sier: Through the use of the new electronic warfare module, you can harness the computational capacity of other T-Dolls to boost the efficiency of your analog signals within the Zener Network.

UMP45: So that's the purpose of the module we installed...

UMP45: Did Miss Persica give any detail on the importance of this drone?

Sier: Though the drone was shot down, its connection to the network is still stable, so you can locate it with your new module.

Sier: Miss Persica mentioned that this particular drone is of vital importance and must be recovered at all costs.

Sier: As for why, she didn't say...

UMP45: You mean she didn't want to say. Not that I need to know.

UMP45: I don't like people donating us random weird modules, but the price Persica named is way too high...

UMP45: So high I don't want to imagine what would happen if I had refused.

Sier: Don't worry too much. All that matters is the reward, right?

UMP45: I don't deny it, though I wonder how much I can actually get.

UMP45: I don't understand why "that person" would take such a big share just to repair some piece of junk...

UMP45: Well, that's enough grumbling. I bet Persica can't wait to hear about our latest training results?

Sier: Yes, but it's more important to her that you can accomplish the mission without undue risks.

Sier: So please proceed to the next training soon.

Sier: When it comes to the actual battle, Sangvis Ferri will very likely attempt to destroy the data stored in the drone through the network.

Sier: You'll need stronger allies in bigger numbers on your side. Miss Persica knows very well how important this is.

Sier: She has enlisted the help of all off-duty T-Dolls under the commander in Area S09 and directed their computational capacity to the signals of Squad 404. With that, you can make use of other echelons in cyberspace.

UMP45: That will get us through most obstacles.

UMP45: Sier, get the other three and connect us to the network. Time to get down to business.

Sier: Miss 45...

Sier: I just heard about the signal overload...

UMP45: ...

UMP45: You have an idea about it?

Sier: Deele told me it's a mild side effect caused by the signal being too strong...

Sier: But theoretically speaking, moving between consciousness levels shouldn't access data in the storage area...

Sier: Besides, none of the other members of Squad 404 has this problem, which leads me to believe there's some other cause.

UMP45: Specifically?

Sier: Unknown for the moment. I just ran a diagnostic on your hardware and neural cloud. Everything is functioning normally.

Sier: Still, there can sometimes be inconceivable conflicts among modules, and judging from current observations, they don't seem to be too detrimental, so I think it's not actually a big problem.

Sier: I've already asked Dier to adjust the parameters of your neural cloud, and I'll keep monitoring your electroneuralography.

UMP45: Conflicting modules... I don't really like the sound of that.

Sier: Don't worry about it for now and let's run another simulation training.

Sier: Rest assured that with more data, your performance will definitely be optimized.
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

...Click.

Sier: Miss 45, we'll be readjusting the emission structure of your analog signal shortly. Please keep the signal plugged in the network for a while.

Sier: Also, be careful of the offensive firewall. Dier didn't shut it down to save time, so if you run into it, feel free to destroy it.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...

......

【Click】

【Audio file #002】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

Still...no good?

We've already activated the Imprint loading module and tried about 20 firearms, but none of them is fully compatible.

This is tough... Don't go giving us T-Dolls this useless even though it's just for training.

Stop complaining and try a weapon that's less demanding on the T-Doll.

Alright. Matching another firearm...

Insufficient storage. Unable to install fire control system and gyro adjustment software.

Then pick something that requires less storage space and only install the basic software.

Is this a signal-analoging Doll? The internal system itself takes up so much space even in her initial state.

I think it's a model designed for electronic warfare in cyber network. Unfortunately, there's practically no cyber network left in this apocalyptic world, so this child...is destined to be useless.

Basic combat functions installed. As for her weapon...a couple of submachine guns seem to fit the bill.

Pick one of them and load it onto the Imprint system.

Okay, matching complete. But seriously, Griffin won't have any use for this kind of T-Doll, right?

The higher-ups know what they're doing. We just have to follow orders.

Cyber network T-Doll, eh? Ironic, isn't it? I do hope she'll survive a bit longer.

You'd still wanna have her die for you if it ever came to that. After all, T-Dolls exist to protect humanity.

Haha, you have a point.

...

???: ...45?

???: Wake up! UMP45!

UMP45: Hmm...

UMP45: How...long was I asleep?

UMP9: Not too long. Sier told us your readjustments were complete and asked us to come get you, but...

416: But it's pretty interesting how you were sleeping with your eyes wide open. Never seen that on you before.

Gr G11: You looked like your system had crashed.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: I was just a bit disoriented from being disconnected abruptly... I don't think I managed to finish the battle.

Sier: Apologies, Miss 45, but there was an emergency...

Sier: An unknown T-Doll's signal was suddenly detected while I was inspecting the network.

416: A party crasher? Could it be Sangvis Ferri?

Sier: No, it was a Griffin signal. A T-Doll must have accidentally stumbled into the network.

Sier: I'm guessing some new T-Doll must've connected through the wrong port when getting her enrollment authorization.

Sier: Dier probably mixed up the ports while he was spacing out.

Gr G11: Then...we could be exposed anytime...

Dier: Nonsense! It was my mistake, alright, but it's not that serious.

Dier: Once she entered the network, the security protocol would've locked down her neural cloud due to her being unauthorized.

Dier: She wouldn't have been able to access anything and naturally has no chance of discovering you. Just relax!

UMP9: Hey, this is hardly reassuring!

UMP9: If Griffin finds out a T-Doll's neural cloud has gone missing, they'll come asking questions sooner or later!

UMP45: ...Can you find out who she is?

Dier: I couldn't find a match from the database, so she's probably a new recruit.

Dier: But that doesn't matter! I'm gonna kick her out of the network. I just need some time to locate her. Now's your chance to rest up.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Let's make the most out of the situation and try to find her in the network.

Dier: Oh? You wanna make this part of the training?

UMP45: We'll be searching for target signals anyway. There's no harm in getting some actual experience.

UMP45: We can also acquire data about Griffin's newest T-Doll model and help you update your database while we're at it.

Gr G11: Uh...so there goes my nap?

UMP9: Is this really a good idea, 45? If we're exposed...

UMP45: The real operation will be much more dangerous than being exposed. Instead of worrying about the risks, we should think about how to go about it.

UMP45: With me here, you guys just have to follow my orders, got it?

416: You're precisely what I'm worried about, 45. We're all worried about your current condition.

UMP45: Don't sweat it. I value myself more than anyone else, but there's really no need to worry for now.

UMP9: ...

UMP9: Hmm, if that's what you believe, then let's be off!

UMP9: Locating a signal, huh... Guess we should start with collecting data regarding this party crasher's neural cloud.

416: How exactly are we gonna do that?

UMP9: It's very simple actually... Just as how we used the camouflage key just now, we simply have to approach her and bring back the data.

UMP9: Though it seems like her signal got smashed up so we'll have to find all the fragments.

Gr G11: Sounds like a drag... Can't we just bring one back?

UMP9: It's not like we can't, but that's horrible...

UMP9: A T-Doll with missing neural cloud data is like a mentally-challenged human.

UMP45: It may just be another training, but don't let down your guard. Let's quickly find all the neural cloud data and bring them back.
Part 2

2

...

KLIN: Hey! Yo! Anybody there?!

KLIN: Guys! You can't just leave Griffin's No.1 fighter in a place like this!

KLIN: What's the matter with the commander here?! At least offer some juice even if nobody's free to serve me!

416: Her consciousness still seems to be drifting. Should we get her out now?

Gr G11: Tsk. She's annoying. Can't we just leave her here?

UMP45: Get rid of the Ringleader first or the area in lockdown won't be accessible.

UMP9: Keep at it, girls.

UMP9: It may just be a simulation, but that doesn't make it any less dangerous.

UMP9: Take it slow, 45. We must not alert the enemy to our presence.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

Objective complete.

KLIN: ...

KLIN: Where...am I?

Kalin: My, my, you've finally come to!

Kalin: You kept talking in your sleep just now. What's wrong? Is your cooling module malfunctioning because of the heat?

KLIN: What...? And who are you...?

Kalin: Hey, you don't know me? I was just running a diagnostic on you!

Kalin: Call me Kalin. You must be the one reporting for duty...what's your name again?

KLIN: Kalin? We have pretty similar names!

KLIN: Call me KLIN. We'll be working together starting from today!

Kalin: Yeah...let's get along.

Kalin: (She's unexpectedly imposing...)

KLIN: Humph, looks like we're destined to meet. Are you also a T-Doll?

Kalin: Me? No, I'm the logistic officer here!

Kalin: (Are some of her modules still rebooting from being out for so long...?)

Kalin: In any case, the Commander is on a mission at the moment, so just wait here.

Kalin: Oh, you want some toys? I have some left behind by other T-Dolls...

KLIN: Hey, are you serious?!

KLIN: I'm gonna become the No. 1 T-Doll at Griffin one day, so take me seriously!

KLIN: Where's the shooting range? I need to check out how well the T-Dolls here shoot!

Kalin: No problem. This way, please.

Kalin: (I sure hope someone happens to be practicing at the shooting range. Otherwise we're gonna be ridiculed...)

Kalin: (But this kid just suddenly shut down and turned back on again... I wonder what's wrong with her...)

...

Meanwhile.

416: Playing the anonymous superhero again. Happy?

UMP9: Heheh, do you think we'd be happy being do-gooders?

Gr G11: I don't really care... Now that we've finished the assignment, can we take a break?

416: This is just the beginning, isn't it, 45?

UMP45: That was just a bit of experiment. Don't forget the real battle is still ahead.

UMP45: Check up on your physical condition and supplies. We're setting off in twelve hours.

UMP9: ...Are you okay, 45? Don't you need some rest?

UMP45: I'm fine. I've already adapted to the new module. I'll just charge myself for a while then get briefed by Sier.

UMP45: You all rest up. It's gonna be a busy night.

Twelve hours later.

UMP45: So this is the..."fairy" that Persica mentioned?

UMP45: Doesn't look cute at all.

Sier: Well...it is just a drone when it's off.

Sier: But once it's activated, it'll project an interactive interface. THEN you'll understand what's so cute about it. Let's give that a try.

UMP45: She sure loves her weird gadgets.

UMP45: I suppose it's part of the objective of our mission to test this thing?

Rescue Fairy: Ack, are you my commander?!

Rescue Fairy: Whoa, you don't look friendly at all. In fact, I find you rather scary!

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Hold on. This doesn't quite fit my idea of what a drone should be...

Sier: Uh...haha...

Sier: I think this is the image the drone's AI has designed for itself. That's why Miss Persica calls them "Fairies".

Sier: This particular Tactical Fairy specializes in searching for signals. Persica has tweaked its program especially for this mission. It will automatically search for your target and direct you to its location.

Rescue Fairy: Sure thing, sure thing! You can count on me!

UMP45: (Chuckles) None but Persica could've programmed an AI that's so bored it decided to give itself a personality...

UMP45: Besides, judging by her exploitative ways, she must be expecting us to be the testers for this thing for free, right?

Sier: The boss didn't give any specific instructions, and I don't personally know Miss Persica very well.

Sier: But even if that's the case, you won't have to deviate much from your mission. Just use the drone as you see fit for the job. After all, the mission that yields the reward is your priority.

Sier: The user manual should've already been sent to your neural clouds. Feel free to ask me anything whenever you have questions. One last thing, do you hate it, 45?

UMP45: No, I'm fine with anything that doesn't talk too much.

UMP45: It's just that...these Tactical Fairies weren't developed by Persica alone, were they?

Sier: She didn't say. Does that bother you?

UMP45: I'm just curious. Everyone's curious about other people's past, right?

UMP45: Mine, Persica's, even yours...

Sier: ...

Sier: UMP45...

UMP45: Just kidding. I know the rule. I won't ask questions.

UMP45: Get everyone here. It's time to get moving.

Meanwhile, in a Sangvis control room.

Destroyer: Hey, Dreamer!

Destroyer: Dreamer! Do you copy?!

Dreamer: My, my... What is it now?

Destroyer: Say, isn't it time we started?

Destroyer: ...Looking for the drone, I mean.

Destroyer: It was pretty tough shooting it down. If we don't hurry, Griffin would snatch it back before we get to it.

Dreamer: That drone, huh...

Dreamer: Humph...you're right.

Dreamer: Our dear Mastermind didn't order us to retrieve it, which means it's not anything important.

Dreamer: But it's shot down anyway. Guess it's time we checked it out...

Destroyer: You're also dying to find out what's inside, aren't you?

Dreamer: Not really. All I want is to see the kind of face she'll make when she finds out everything she's done is for nothing.

Dreamer: But isn't this your job, Destroyer?

Dreamer: Connect to the network and search for the drone's coordinates already.

Destroyer: Tsk, is something wrong with your memory?

Destroyer: I'm not an electronic model. Why would I have the ability to search through the network?

Dreamer: Then run and have a look in person! Surely you know how to conduct a blanket search?

Destroyer: But I'm not good in solo fights! It'd be dangerous if I went alone!

Destroyer: I was almost pulverized to death before, and I got swarmed by a whole pack of Griffin T-Dolls every single time!

Destroyer: Didn't you promise to build me a more powerful body?! I'm not gonna go on this suicide mission if you break your word!

Dreamer: Did I really promise such a thing? Feels like I've forgotten many things after the nap.

Dreamer: Fine. I can grant you a new body. Actually, I HAVE recently been toying with that idea...

Dreamer: Do you wish to have more firepower? Or be more nimble and agile? Or maybe...fight with more flashy moves?

Destroyer: F...Flashy? I want that...

Destroyer: No, wait. Can't I have it all?!

Destroyer: Don't think I'm stupid! I know you have authorization to the manufacture line! You keep upgrading your own modules but never even save a scrap for me! Not fair!

Dreamer: Hmm...that's true, but are you sure that's what you want? Strength comes with a price~

Destroyer: Uh...the way you say that really creeps me out...

Destroyer: Forget it if you're planning to alter my appearance. I don't wanna fight as a huge lump of metal.

Dreamer: Well...

Dreamer: I can promise you're gonna be cute as ever.

Destroyer: Really?! That's not a problem then!

Destroyer: Heheh, what are you waiting for? Let's get started already!

Dreamer: Then first, please take a nice long nap.

Dreamer: When you wake up, you can embrace the brand new you!

Destroyer: Something just feels...off about your smile...

Destroyer: Whatever. You can't very well hurt me as my partner...

Dreamer: Haha, exactly. We're friends forever...

Dreamer: Then, goodnight and sweet dreams...

Nighttime, territory under Sangvis control in Area S15.

UMP45: Here we are.

UMP45: Well, do you like it?

416: Tell me more about this place. Maybe I'll come to like it more.

UMP45: There's not much to be said. You know all about the contamination zone.

UMP45: Beilan Island, collapse fluid, WWIII, then...this.

UMP9: Euroky Low-Emission Infectious Disease (E.L.I.D.)...

UMP45: Don't worry. The radiation index isn't too high here.

UMP45: We'll also be doing most of the search in cyberspace so we'll keep out of the most dangerous areas. Follow me.

Gr G11: Will we come across zombies?

UMP45: Well...let's hope not.

UMP9: WHAT?! So there ARE zombies?!

416: Nein, at least not here. It's not like we're in a movie or a game.

416: So you're scared of this kind of thing, 9?

UMP9: Ugh...

Gr G11: So that's why you always say you have some errands to run every time I watch "The Flying Dead".

UMP9: (Sighs) I guess...

UMP9: Now that you mention it, Gr G11, that is one hell of a long show. You must've watched over 20 seasons...

Gr G11: 26 seasons, then WWIII happened and it just stopped like that.

Gr G11: I was actually really looking forward to the Underwater Zombie King that can do the German suplex in episode 9. He got injected with Virus Ж plus an extra 3L of T-rex embryo in the easter egg after the credit.

Gr G11: Damn I just love biopunk. Love it...

UMP9: I don't really get it...but you sure love this sort of stuff...

416: That's because the only difference between this piece of junk and a zombie is the fact that she does utter something intelligible every now and then.

416: The kind of thing you watch always puts me to sleep. "Humans are the ultimate enemy" is such a cliché.

416: I believe the sense of horror brought solely by biting and tearing and gore is the true essence of zombie films.

Gr G11: I don't disagree, but that kind of movie is pretty much extinct, right?

Gr G11: Besides, it's not like we haven't experienced an actual zombie apocalypse...

UMP9: Ugh...I've had enough of this conversation. Let's focus on the mission instead...

UMP9: Are we there yet, 45?

UMP45: ...

UMP9: 45? Say something!

UMP45: ...Huh?

UMP45: Oh... We...we're almost there.

UMP45: Ja, that base just ahead. Let's go.

UMP9: ...

UMP9: Don't you think...45 has been a bit strange lately?

416: You mean...how her reaction sometimes comes a bit slow?

Gr G11: The brain can be the first thing to turn in a zombie...

UMP9: Hey, that conversation is over!

UMP9: (Sighs) Maybe we should keep an eye on her condition and report it to Sier when it becomes necessary...

Fifteen minutes later.

416: We've taken care of the prep work. What now?

UMP45: Now...we search for a suitable surveillance base to organize our search for the drone.

Gr G11: Is this a tongue twister or something...

UMP45: The mission itself is pretty simple, right?

UMP45: I'm gonna connect to the network and direct an echelon to figure out an infiltration route.

UMP45: You guys wait here. I'll give the green light when I'm ready.

UMP9: Sure, 45. We'll wait for your signal.
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

【Click】

【Audio File #001】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

Is her system record wiped?

Yeah, it's completely clean. Won't be able to tell who she is even if you take her neural cloud apart.

Good. Make sure you don't miss the backups either.

Don't worry. The goods will be delivered in batches. Even if the "key" is exposed, no one will trace it to the..."copy".

Hmm. Once the delivery is gone, it'll be out of our hands.

Nothing will go wrong. They'll be monitored.

Wanna boot her up just for a look?

Go on then.

Greetings. Doll Model SSD-D activated and happy to serve. Please select login method.

Logging in as an unregistered user.

Now logged in as an unregistered user. Caution! unable to connect to the Zener Network as an unregistered user. Would you like to bind this Doll's command-issuing authorization?

Binding confirmed. Would you like to activate this Doll with hidden authorization?

Doll activated and entering standby mode.

Hmm... Really can't tell the difference from other Dolls.

This is just a body. Pretty easy to make modifications.

Then let's stick to the plan. Don't let those Griffin pricks find out about this.

Yeah, got it.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...

Destroyer: Hey, Dreamer.

Destroyer: An abnormal signal has made its way in.

Dreamer: It's not Griffin's style to be this ostentatious.

Destroyer: You're right... Now that I give it a proper look, it really isn't a Griffin signal...

Destroyer: In fact...the signal looks like one of ours...

Dreamer: Never heard of it. Let me see.

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: That's a signal under OGAS Protocol, Destroyer. Can't you even figure that out?

Destroyer: OGAS? What's that?

Dreamer: Oh dear... Looks like I forgot to give you an update about this...

Dreamer: Please remember, the OGAS Protocol is the network system we use at Sangvis Ferri. It's completely different from the Zener Protocol used by those pieces of Griffin trash.

Dreamer: Anyone with a signal like this is one of our own.

Destroyer: One of our own? Is anyone scheduled to come here? I haven't heard anything about that.

Dreamer: Or...

Dreamer: It's a Parapluie carrier.

Destroyer: Parapluie? You mean...

Destroyer: Uh...the virus that can invade a Griffin T-Doll and overwrite her system for our own use?

Dreamer: Haha...it's really made itself useful this time.

Dreamer: She comes waltzing in just like that. Saves us the recon work.

Destroyer: I've already activated the brand new self-detonation units. That should be enough to give them a proper welcome.

Destroyer: By the way, Dreamer, is my new body still not ready?

Destroyer: It seems like you've only moved me somewhere else to be on standby after my nap...

Dreamer: I had to extract your neural consciousness and move your body to the local refit factory. It should be ready for assembly soon.

Dreamer: But now, I need to confirm our visitor's identity so the process will suffer a slight delay. Please help me lock on to the signal.

Dreamer: Next, I want you to make a broadcast for me as a test.

Destroyer: Tsk. Such a slave driver... Fine. I'll do as you say.

Destroyer: I'm cool as long as I can finish them with my own hands.

Ten minutes after the search for an operation base concludes.

UMP9: UMP9 hailing Sier. I repeat, UMP9 hailing Sier.

Sier: Ah, 9. Anything to report?

UMP9: We've found a suitable base to launch our search. Our electronic warfare modules are fully functional.

UMP9: We'll be starting our hunt for the drone soon. The others are setting things up.

Sier: That's great. Keep it up.

UMP9: Heheh, Sier is probably our only source of encouragement when we're on a mission.

UMP9: By the way, I want to ask about something. Is Dier there?

Sier: One second. I'll fetch him.

Sier: Dier come over here!

Sier: What game?! Can't you pause it?!

...

Dier: Tsk, jeez, what do you want?

Dier: Huh? Why the secure channel?

UMP9: Just the tiny matter I asked you to look out for before.

Dier: Ah, you mean the thing about UMP45?

UMP9: Ja, her 24-hour electroneuralography. It's been 24 hours now, hasn't it?

Dier: Oh, the result is already out. Let me see...

Dier: Uh...

UMP9: What is it?

Dier: Emmmmm...

Dier: It looks alright, just a bit strange.

UMP9: Hey, doesn't that mean it's NOT alright?!

Dier: Well, every T-Doll has something strange about their neural cloud.

Dier: The dataflow in 45's cloud would spike at certain intervals but the surges always subsided instantly.

UMP9: Spike? What's the cause?

Dier: It's usually due to file transfer, cache dumping, or even watching video feeds.

Dier: These actions all result in an increase in dataflow, and the spikes in 45's cloud were still within normal parameters.

UMP9: (Sighs) Dier, can I trust you?

Dier: Don't worry. You may be outlawed T-Dolls, but this is still my job.

Dier: If even the slightest thing happens to you, it's gonna be on my head!

UMP9: Then I guess I'll just have to take your word for it...

UMP9: Please keep an eye on 45's condition and make the safety of her neural cloud your priority. Can you do that?

Dier: No problem, but only if it doesn't jeopardize your assignment.

UMP9: Humph, of course. Then I'm leaving it to you.

UMP45: 9, have you finished your report?

UMP9: Ah, ja, just done with it. Is the prep work all sorted, 45?

UMP45: We've encountered a small problem, but no need to worry. We're gonna take care of it soon...

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!

UMP9: That's...the Sangvis alarm?!

Destroyer: Ahem!

Destroyer: Important broadcast! Important broadcast!

416: What's happening? Is that...?

UMP45: Destroyer... It's definitely her. If she's here now...

Destroyer: Listen up, Griffin buggers!

Destroyer: I know you're here!

UMP45: ...!

Destroyer: I know what you're here for, and catching you is only a matter of time.

Destroyer: Well? Are you confused? Are you scared?

Gr G11: Doesn't stop talking, does she? Can we kill her now?

Gr G11: She's just a Ringleader that's been killed so many times I lost count.

Destroyer: Oh, I even know what you guys are thinking...

Destroyer: You're gonna say, "She's just a Ringleader that's been killed so many times I lost count."

Clap! Clap!

Destroyer starts clapping during the broadcast.

Destroyer: I admit that I've taken...a bit of a beating before.

Destroyer: But today, I must tell you that I've undergone a complete refit!

Destroyer: In just a bit...In just a bit, I'll have access to a brand new form...

Destroyer: Powerful! Agile! Beautiful! You won't stand a chance against me!

Destroyer: You'd better start praying you'll die before I get to you, AHAHAHAHAHA!

Two minutes later.

UMP9: Now what?

UMP9: Destroyer's broadcast is...bad news, right?

416: The point is...how bad it actually is...

416: How does Destroyer know we're here? Did she come prepared or did she just discover us by chance?

416: And her new form...

UMP45: I think she's just bluffing.

UMP45: If she knows we're here, why didn't she just call us by our names?

UMP9: But Destroyer did say she's onto our tracks.

UMP45: What if she's just broadcasting every once in a while to scare the intruders into exposing themselves?

UMP9: Huh? You mean...

UMP45: Surely you don't believe we're coming up against Destroyer on her own, do you?

UMP45: That broadcast was pretty much reminding us to stay hidden.

UMP45: Keep your cool. We'll only disorient ourselves if we deviate from the plan.

Gr G11: So...what are we gonna do? Ignore them?

UMP45: Ja, if they still don't know who exactly we are, then we're safe for the time being.

UMP9: 45, you mentioned a small problem. What did you mean...

UMP45: It just so happens that a Sangvis signal jammer nearby is severely hindering our search progress.

UMP45: We have to destroy it in order to proceed.

416: Bluff or not, S.F. is on the lookout for us. Play it safe, 45.

UMP45: Don't worry. We've had plenty of experience removing jammers, haven't we?

UMP9: Haha, you're right. That was exactly a year ago.

Gr G11: I hope we won't have to run all over the place this time...

416: Only I was doing the running, okay?

UMP45: There, are we all relaxed? Then let's move out.
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

【Click】

【Audio File #004】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

Wanna try setting up a connection?

C-Connection?

Heheh, we're the same model. Our ports can be directly linked so I can send you my combat data.

Then...thank you. But my storage space...

It's fine! I've already compressed them into a size that you can handle.

That's perfect... But I still feel a bit iffy about the connection...

Huh? What's there to worry about? It's not dangerous.

I've only ever used the Zener Network for file transfer... This is the first time I've ever established a cable link... I don't know what's gonna happen...

It's actually not that different, and no one else can read our data exchange so it's very safe!

R-Really...?

There. I've sent the data. Try using it in your simulation training!

Sure...and thanks so much!

Haha, don't mention it. Oh right, let me show you something else.

Huh? What?

Heheh, photos I took secretly using the viewfinding authorization when I was out on a mission.

This is...?

Oh wow... This is gorgeous...

Sadly I won't ever get to take pictures like these out there...

Don't worry. You WILL get your own assignments some day. I'll show you how to access this function.

But...isn't it bad to do things without orders...?

It doesn't matter. They're just for myself. You don't have to ask for the commander's permission for everything. Remember, even T-Dolls have the right to do what they want!

Hmm...you have a point...

Then that's a promise!
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...

......

Dreamer: Heheheheh♪

Destroyer: So? Have you found the target carrying Parapluie?

Dreamer: It was much easier than expected, and she doesn't even suspect a thing.

Dreamer: Plus...she's a familiar sight.

Destroyer: You know her?

Dreamer: Haha, that's right. From exactly a year ago...

Dreamer: Destroyer, make another broadcast and repeat what I'm gonna tell you.

Destroyer: Hey, you keep ordering me around. Are you really making me a new body?

Dreamer: My, my, you'll get what you want after this broadcast.

Dreamer: Have I ever lied to you?

Destroyer: Tsk, I don't recall anything, but I just can't shake the feeling that...

Destroyer: Whatever...just this once. I'm gonna hold you to your promise!

Dreamer: When we start, listen to my orders and only go for the Parapluie carrier.

Destroyer: Huh? Isn't it our objective to retrieve the drone?

Dreamer: The enemy T-Doll carrying Parapluie is the team leader. We can easily locate her thanks to the virus.

Dreamer: This is the most cost-effective option no matter how you look at it.

Dreamer: Besides, I believe this T-Doll is worth...no less than the drone.

Destroyer: Oh? Is she really that big of a deal?

Destroyer: That...UMP45?

Objective complete. 416 and Gr G11 have reached the sniping spot.

416: We only have this one chance, Gr G11. Make the shot count.

Gr G11: You have such high hopes for me. Maybe I should screw it up for once? We have two EMPs after all...

416: Suit yourself.

416: You screw this up, I'll stick the last EMP onto you, fold you into a paper plane and throw you out into the air...

Gr G11: Haha, that lousy joke isn't scaring anyone, you know?

416: Then I'll go back alone and tell 45 you didn't show up on time.

Gr G11: Tsk... Fine, I'll make the shot count.

...

Bang!

Ten minutes later.

416: 416 hailing UMP9.

416: We have activated the long-distance EMP equipment as planned. No additional S.F. security detected within the last ten minutes.

416: Tell 45 we're good to go.

UMP9: Haha, while you're making your report, 45 has already identified the coordinates of the drone.

UMP9: But damn...I must say this new electronic warfare module is insanely useful. Our practice runs really have paid off.

416: Hold on, if she could locate the drone so quickly, why did I have to spend so much time on surveillance?

UMP9: Haha, well... 45 had to be extremely focused during the search.

UMP9: We didn't want Gr G11 to prattle too much and distract her, so...

Gr G11: Hey, 416! Are you done yet? Hurry up and carry me...

...THUD.

UMP9 hears the sound of a heavy object hitting the ground.

UMP9: Gr...G11?

416: Don't worry. She won't make a noise. Can I come back now?

UMP45: Is that 416? Thanks for doing your part. Regroup now...

Destroyer: AHAHAHAHA!

Destroyer: Sorry everyone, I'm afraid I must interrupt!

UMP9: It's Destroyer's broadcast!

UMP9: But how... And the timing...

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Don't panic. She could be bluffing again.

Destroyer: My, my, what was that...

Destroyer: ...UMP45?

UMP45: ...!

UMP9: What...?!

Destroyer: I am very...serious this time.

UMP9: How...how does she know about 45?! She can even hear her!

416: Is our channel being tapped?

UMP45: Shut your mouth, all of you!

UMP9: ...

Destroyer: Hahahaha, starting to panic, aren't we, UMP45?

UMP45: ...

Destroyer: You won't get away...

Destroyer: There's no escape for any of you...

Destroyer: I'll give you just a bit of a head start.

Destroyer: Then...the hunt will begin anew...

Destroyer: AHAHAHAHAHAHA!

Dreamer: That's it, Destroyer...

Dreamer: Jeer at her. Threaten her. Make her panic. Make her feel helpless...

Dreamer: When her neural cloud is sufficiently irrigated with the fear you induce, the seeds that we've sown will start to sprout...

Dreamer: UMP45... I believe it's fate that has kindly reunited us...

Dreamer: What about you? Can you feel it?

Dreamer: Parapluie has started wriggling, twisting, burrowing its way through your every circuit...

Dreamer: It's been slumbering for a year, and now's the time for it to burgeon.

Dreamer: Now, Destroyer, in her brand new form, is going to close in on you so fast you cannot possibly outrun her...

Dreamer: Once she catches you...I can rewrite your network, your beliefs, and your very will!

Dreamer: Come, UMP45, come closer! Closer!

Dreamer: And...MAKE ME HAPPY!!

Fifteen minutes later.

UMP9: 45, do you copy?! We must abort the mission!

UMP9: Even Sier advices us to retreat to the perimeter for the time being and think of something else!

UMP45: No, listen to me. We stick to the plan.

416: What are you thinking, 45? S.F. knows our every move.

416: No matter how we proceed, it's suicide if we go any further.

UMP45: No... S.F. doesn't know our every move.

UMP45: All they know is MY move.

416: What? What makes you think so?

UMP45: Think about it...

UMP45: Destroyer only made the two broadcasts after I said something.

UMP45: And judging from what she said, she couldn't hear you guys.

UMP9: But she can hear your voice, right? She can find out what you're doing any time!

UMP45: I think she can indeed hear my voice, but not "any time".

UMP45: Otherwise, she would've just blown us right up rather than only making two broadcasts this whole time.

UMP45: Besides, her new body must still be incomplete, or we would've found her by now.

416: So you plan on getting back the drone while the window is still open?

UMP45: This is our best shot.

UMP45: If we retreat now, there won't be another attempt.

UMP45: The drone will be theirs - mission failed.

UMP9: But how do we know you're making the right call? If this is a Sangvis trap...

UMP45: Have I ever been wrong?

UMP9: ...Understood.

UMP9: But 416 and Gr G11 are still out there. We have to meet up with them.

UMP45: That won't be necessary. 9, go get the drone. I'll cover you with my echelons.

UMP45: 416, head to scouting point eins. Gr G11, scouting point zwei. The two of you monitor every single junction within sight. Report immediately if you detect any signal of a Sangvis Ringleader!

416: I sure hope your lucky guess is right. Get up, Gr G11. We're going!

Gr G11: Ugh... I have to do this...on my own?

UMP45: Don't worry. I'll give you cover.

UMP9: What about you, 45?

UMP9: If you're right, then aren't you their primary target?

UMP45: True. I'm not sure why, but it doesn't help dwelling on it.

UMP45: Keep calm. We only have a tighter deadline. It'll be fine as long as you're snappy.

UMP45: I'll only be safe if you get the drone ASAP.

45 claps her hands twice.

UMP45: Chop chop, girls.

UMP45: Get your hands on the drone and let's all go home!
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

【Click】

【Audio File #006】

【Decryption complete. Now playing.】

What...is this place?

The Ministry of National Security.

Looks like we've been temporarily assigned here for the operation...

Nervous? We're in an unfamiliar environment after all.

Hmm... everything feels so harsh and cold here, though it's not really that different from Griffin...

Haha, but then again this is so much more luxurious. Oh, hold on. I'm receiving new directives.

Ah, commander, here you are.

Connect to ports #3, #5 and #18 for identity authentication.

Roger. Identity authenticated.

HQ has ordered the two of you to delete all operation records from your time in Griffin.

Huh...? Is that really necessary?

Shush, 45...

That's an order. Do it at once.

Yes, sir.

Yes, sir...

Second directive, you are to install the confidentiality safeguard program issued by the Ministry. The file has just been sent to you via port #18.

Roger. Installing.

After all Griffin authorizations have been purged, redirect your command authorization to me.

Yes, sir. Applying for the security certificate from Griffin. ETA in 30 minutes.

Everything is so clunky with Griffin tech... Report to the training room after you're done. Unauthorized connections are prohibited here, and all communications must be made verbally.

Understood, Commander. See you later.

He's gone... Confidentiality safeguard program? I have a bad feeling about this... Have you ever heard of such a thing?

To prevent a leak, it can seal off and even delete a T-Doll's memory. Under extreme circumstances...it can also completely fry the neural cloud.

That...scary?

It's for the sake of keeping their intelligence safe... It can't be helped if the mission really does call for it.

By the way, only I have to redirect the command authorization to the new commander. We'll then share the authorization.

What do you mean?

You redirect yours to me, so you won't answer directly to the commander. We can then set up an internal link to communicate our orders.

Huh? But then...I'll be without a commander.

They probably won't be sending us on tough missions anyway. This will also save you some space.

I don't personally have a problem with this, but what about the commander?

Don't worry about it. This is to ensure better performance. I'll explain it to him.

Okay... I trust you.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...

......

Gr G11: 45, I have a situation over here!

Gr G11: An encrypted signal of a large Sangvis unit has emerged 400m away from my scouting point!

Gr G11: The signal seems to originate from a small factory. That's probably...

Destroyer: AHAHAHAHAHA!

Destroyer: My dear UMP45, are you ready to start running?

Destroyer: Sadly...you've already run out of time!

UMP45: Destroyer...

UMP45: Gr G11, keep your eyes on the target! 416, go support Gr G11.

416: Roger. On my way!

Destroyer: Now… Now! Now is the time I make my new debut!

Destroyer: Behold, the body Dreamer designed especially for me, a form as beautiful and mighty as the Goddess of War!

Gr G11: Hey, can't I retreat? What if this lunatic charges at me...

UMP45: Her target is me. You're actually safer where you are.

UMP45: So make an effort, Gr G11.

Gr G11: ...!

UMP45: Keep your eyes peeled and acquire as much information about Destroyer for me before she disappears from your view.

UMP45: This is our only hope of fighting her, Gr G11. Please!

Gr G11: ...

Gr G11: Now I can't very well ignore such fervent pleas...

BOOM!

Destroyer: Heheheheh...

Destroyer: AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

Destroyer: Still struggling, UMP45?

Destroyer: It's no use! NO USE!

Destroyer: I am reborn! No amount of preparation can save you from my overwhelming firepower!

Gr G11: 45, the factory where the target is located just collapsed.

Gr G11: I think I caught a glimpse of Destroyer herself.

Gr G11: The smoke is a bit heavy in the area so give me a sec.

UMP45: Then keep looking and describe her appearance and weaponry to me when you can.

Gr G11: She looks huge. I'm afraid...

Gr G11: Wait a minute...that silhouette looks kinda familiar...

UMP45: It won't be surprising if her new form is based on her old appearance.

Gr G11: No, it's not Destroyer's old model... Something else...

Gr G11: Okay the view is clearing up...

Gr G11: Let me see what the hell she...

Destroyer: Humph... Let me stand up and give this new body a proper stretch!

Destroyer: Now...

Destroyer: YOU! CAN! ALL! DIE!

Gr G11: PFFFFFFFFT!!

UMP45: What, Gr G11?! What do you see?!

Gr G11: I...I...

Gr G11: I'm probably looking at a...uh...

UMP45: A what?!

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: Huh? What's happening?

Destroyer: Why can't I stand up?

Destroyer tries to lift her front legs off the ground and straighten up, but fails.

Destroyer: Why...why can I only stand on all fours...

Destroyer: Wait, are these my legs?!

Destroyer: S-S-S-S-Something's not right!!

UMP45: What are you cackling about, Gr G11?! What has Destroyer turned into??

Gr G11: S-She became a huge dinergate!

UMP45: Dinergate? As in...the Sangvis canon fodder that looks like a small dog?

Gr G11: Well, technically, this is a large dog?

Destroyer: DREAMER!!!

Destroyer: Answer me! Why am I like this?!

The giant dinergate speaking with Destroyer's voice starts hopping around.

Destroyer: This is not what we agreed!!

Destroyer: Where's the body that you promised would be as perfect as a goddess's?! And the ultra long-ranged rocket launcher?!

Destroyer: Why...why have you turned me into this?!

Dreamer: Oh dear I'm so sorry...

Dreamer: My hand must've slipped when selecting the refit order~

Destroyer: How could you mix them up?! This looks nothing like a goddess!

Dreamer: But the Cerberus model was right next to the Gaia model.

Dreamer: I must've clicked the wrong one and didn't double-check the order. My bad...

Dreamer: But don't be mad at me, okay? It's a bit embarrassing, especially in front of guests.

Destroyer: What am I gonna do?!

Destroyer: How am I supposed to meet the others like this?! How am I supposed to move around and fight?! Hmm?!

The giant dinergate speaking with Destroyer's voice starts rolling on the floor.

Dreamer: My, don't be so upset. the Cerberus model is one of our newest projects and has outstanding performance.

Dreamer: Its firepower, armor and maneuverability all far surpass your previous form.

Dreamer: If we overlook the appearance, pffft...

Destroyer: You laughed, didn't you?! You totally laughed! You SO did this on purpose!

Dreamer: Nonsense. I'm not that mean, and you actually look pretty cute like this.

Dreamer: Besides, this isn't really the time for that...

Dreamer: UMP45 and her friends are about to escape. If you don't start chasing them, the drone will be gone.

Destroyer: What...?

Destroyer: I have to chase them? In this body?

Dreamer: You can do it. I can vouch for the maneuverability of your new body. And now isn't the time for temper tantrums. If you fail the mission, you know what Agent will do to you...

Destroyer: Tsk, fine...

Cerberus-Destroyer slowly gets on her feet.

Destroyer: UMP45 hasn't moved yet. I should still be able to catch her...

Destroyer: W-Which leg should I move first...?

Dreamer: Dogs run faster when they lunge with both forelegs.

Destroyer: Shut up! I get it!

Destroyer: L-Like this, right?

Cerberus-Destroyer starts adapting to her new body.

Cerberus-Destroyer starts galloping.

Destroyer: Eh? I'm unexpectedly fast. I can easily catch UMP45 at this speed!

Destroyer: But Dreamer, why are you so obsessed with UMP45 rather than the drone?

Dreamer: Do you believe me if I tell you it's a gut feeling?

Destroyer: Yours? A Doll's? Why would a Doll have gut feeling...

Dreamer: I just have a strong feeling...that UMP45 is more important than the drone.

Dreamer: Not to mention, it's obviously easier to capture UMP45. Even if we can't find the drone, it won't be a fool's errand as long as we have their team leader in our hands.

Dreamer: Besides, do you think she's still being truthful now that she knows we can hear her?

Destroyer: You're right...but the UMP45 sure is a slippery one...

Destroyer: How did you even manage to plant the Parapluie virus on her?

Dreamer: A year ago, we were just testing out the capabilities of Parapluie and our new potential allies...

Dreamer: So we installed the virus onto a signal jammer and wait for some Griffin T-Doll to take the bait.

Dreamer: To be honest...none of us expected it would be Squad 404.

Destroyer: So you mean...it was a coincidence?

Destroyer: The virus was dormant for an entire year. Damn, you guys are patient...

Dreamer: It's our adorable Mastermind who decides when to activate the virus. I'm merely a member of the audience.

Dreamer: Now that Parapluie's rewriting command has been perfected, taking control of UMP45 will be a piece of cake the moment Mastermind orders the hack.

Destroyer: And that's why...you're asking me to stick close to UMP45...

Destroyer: You just want me to be the zombie computer that hacks into her neural cloud by force??

Dreamer: That's pretty much it. The signal should be strong enough at the current distance.

Destroyer: Tsk. I don't like this at all...

Destroyer: Then you'll rewrite UMP45's neural cloud based on the sample Mastermind has issued...

Dreamer: Heheh, Mastermind should be about to make the call. We just have to wait patiently for the area-wide broadcast.

Dreamer: All that's left to do is to enjoy the moment when Squad 404 scrambles around frantically.

Destroyer: You're rotten to the core, Dreamer...

Destroyer: You're even worse than Ouroboros, Alchemist and Agent combined.

Destroyer: Though I assume you won't place all your bets on me?

Dreamer: You do have your clever moments, Destroyer.

Dreamer: There is more than one Cerberus Dummy, but you're the only one who can take care of UMP45.

Dreamer: So for all my hopes and dreams, run.

...

Destroyer: UMP45...

Destroyer: It didn't really have anything to do with you, but I'm back from hell!

Gr G11: Damn, this huge dog runs fast for its size!

416: 45, I've grouped up with Gr G11. We're now heading towards the rendezvous point as fast we can!

416: How is it on your end?

UMP45: 9 is making for the rendezvous point as well. I'm directing the echelons. Not in any danger for now.

UMP45: I'm consulting Sier regarding a plan of retreat. Hurry up but make sure you steer clear of Destroyer!

UMP9: I'm sorry, 45, but...that's proving rather difficult...

UMP9: There's more than one big dog!

UMP45: ...!

UMP9: Four have appeared on the map at the same time!

UMP9: I'm afraid they're coming for all of us!

UMP45: But their primary target is me...

UMP45: (Mutters) If I can somehow cut myself off from everyone...

UMP9: Come again, 45?

416: One sec! 9, new incoming transmission!

416: Take it. Gr G11 and I will figure out a way to move. Take care of 45!

Click.

Gd DSR-50: Hello, everyone from Griffin.

Gd DSR-50: It's so nice of you to answer my call under such circumstances.

UMP45: Sorry, but we're not from Griffin. We are kinda on your side though.

Gd DSR-50: Mysterious heroes? Why, that only makes it more romantic.

Gd DSR-50: Anyhow, my subordinates and I are trapped in several outposts. I don't mind hanging around for a while, but as a T-Doll, I still prefer keeping my tools sharp out in the field.

Gd DSR-50: Seeing that fate has a hand in our meeting, why don't we help each other out?

UMP45: Humph...

UMP45: Looks like a victory...can depend entirely on a stroke of luck...

UMP45: Gd DSR-50, we'll get you out of there, but you'll have to fight for us till we're safely out of danger. Deal?

Gd DSR-50: I like that smile... I think we'll get along just fine.

Gd DSR-50: Deal, Süsse. I'll be waiting for you in my room. Don't be too late.

Transmission terminated.

UMP9: Are you sure it's a good idea to help her, 45?

UMP9: Is it worth the risk to rescue hostages while being chased by big dogs?

UMP45: I know her - this Gd DSR-50.

UMP45: Get her out and killing Destroyer won't be a problem.

UMP9: Understood. More good news, the T-Dolls we rescued before have agreed to help us as well!

UMP9: But they'll need an operation objective, or they're completely unorganized.

UMP45: Their objective is simple, protect you three at all costs.

UMP9: Huh? But what about you?

UMP9: You're the primary target here!

UMP45: That's right. They think all problems will be solved once they have me.

UMP45: Their Ringleader seems more clever than we expected so there must be someone else other than Destroyer...

UMP45: Which makes this a perfect opportunity. When they come charging at me, you'll have a shot at getting the drone.

UMP9: Perfect opportunity?

UMP9: No...you're more important than the drone!

UMP45: So? Do I look like the kind of idiot who would sacrifice my own life for some mission?

UMP45: Don't be ridiculous. I'm not on the AR Team. Plus, I've already found out how S.F. is monitoring me. I just need some time to fix that...

UMP45: So don't mind me. Get the drone and be done with the mission.

UMP9: But...

UMP45: I told you. I'm not playing the bait as a suicide move. All my decisions are made so that we can complete the mission and go home.

UMP45: Meet up with the others, rescue Gd DSR-50, and take the drone. That's an order. Do it at once.

UMP9: Understood... I trust your judgment. But I'm coming back for you after we have the drone!

UMP9 takes her leave.

UMP45: I'm counting you, 9...

UMP45: Now then, time to get busy...

UMP9: Sier! Sier!

Sier: Miss UMP9, I am aware of the situation. I have already started tracing the Sangvis signal.

UMP9: And?!

Dier: UMP45's neural cloud is experiencing an abnormal amount of traffic. These ports should've been encrypted and sealed.

UMP9: I don't understand all this techno-babble! Get to the point!

Dier: I suspect...that some Sangvis virus is rewriting her authorization!

UMP9: What? Virus?!

Dier: Yes, I can't determine what virus it is yet, but the hack isn't too severe at the moment.

Dier: 45 has already forcibly shut down the ports that the traffic was coming through, but some of the dataflow cannot be cut off due to their high authorization.

Dier: Hey, wait...

Dier: She just severed her connection with us!

UMP9: I can't see her signal either...

UMP9: Do you think she's doing this to keep us safe from the virus...?

Sier: 45 has only been forcibly connected to the Sangvis system, so the virus wouldn't have spread to you yet.

Sier: She must have another reason for doing this. I think we should trust her judgment.

UMP9: Ja... We still have a mission to complete. I must have faith in 45.

...Click.

UMP9: 416, you still there?!

416: Hey, what's going on with you? We've been waiting for you to get in touch!

UMP9: Destroyer keeps making a beeline for 45, so 45 is playing the bait for us to get the drone!

416: What? 45? Risking herself and playing the bait??

UMP9: She might also have run into some problem so this is the only solution for now...

UMP9: But she's gonna be fine. We must hurry and get the drone, then we're going back for her!

416: How unlike her...

416: Got it. Gr G11, we're meeting up with 9. Then we're moving towards the drone signal.

Gr G11: Is 45...in trouble?

416: Kinda, so we have to be quick.

416: What, you worried about her?

Gr G11: Of course?

Gr G11: If she dies, I'll have nowhere to go.

416: Haha, I'm so touched.

416: C'mon you little egoist. Get a move on if you don't want that to happen.
Part 2

2

BANG!

Destroyer: Whoaaaa!!

Destroyer stumbles and crashes right into the ground.

Destroyer: Where?! Where did that come from?!

BANG!

Gr G11: Tsk! It ricocheted. That armor is too thick.

416: Don't stop. Keep up the suppressive fire.

BANG! BANG!

Destroyer: Whoa! That was way too close. Thank goodness I'm back on my feet!

Destroyer: Dammit! How are they still moving without any orders from UMP45?!

Dreamer: There are too many possibilities to count. No use thinking about that.

Dreamer: How far are you from the target? Are you within three kilometers?

Destroyer: Hmm... Pretty sure I am! I've been pumping it you know?!

Dreamer: Good. Then let's enjoy the show!

Dreamer: UMP45, I'll relish every face you make...

Meanwhile.

Gr G11: Sorry, 9. We failed.

416: That dog's armor is too thick. We weren't able to deal any effective damage.

416: It would be great if we have another sniper with stronger firepower.

UMP9: That's fine. Our new friends are getting Gd DSR-50. We still have plenty of opportunities.

UMP9: Continue with the guerilla tactic, Gr G11. Don't let Destroyer's Dummies reach you and wait for another chance.

416: Don't you need any cover? The objective of retrieving the drone rests entirely on you...

UMP9: I'm very good at this kind of job. Save your worries for 45.

UMP9: Who knows how she's doing...

Meanwhile.

UMP45: I can't get in touch with the team, but judging from the gunshots just now, Gr G11 has probably figured out what to do.

UMP45: In that case, destroying that big dog is only a matter of time as long as they can keep it tied up.

UMP45: Now the question is...whether I can keep this up...

UMP45: Ugh... Dammit... Here it comes again...

UMP45: But...I can take it...

UMP45: What's...this...

UMP45: Sangvis Ferri...again...?!

...

System Notice: Training over. Please vacate the machine.

System Notice: UMP45...

System Notice: Your results are atrocious.

System Notice: Recalibrate your equipment and condition and prepare for another session.

UMP45: I just can't do it...

UMP45: My accuracy has gone below 30%...

UMP45: How on earth can I do better...?

UMP45: I train as hard as everyone else, but my body just keeps messing with me. It's always a beat behind other people...

???: Oh, hi there, newbie!

UMP45: Uh, commander...greetings.

???: Haha, cut out the formality. Come sit down!

???: And do I look like a commander? Never got that before!

UMP45: Huh? Don't tell me...you're also a T-Doll?

???: Is it weird? Maybe I'm too expressive? That's pretty much the only good thing about me...

???: Heheh, anyway, I'm a new recruit just like you! Guess we'll have to take care of each other!

UMP45: Ah...sure...

UMP45: And thank you...

???: No biggie. We're companions, so we have to cheer each other up!

???: Ah, can I sit here?

UMP45: Yeah...

???: Well, are you feeling better? It's only one or two sessions. Don't let the results drag you down!

???: After all...that's not really your forte!

UMP45: What? How do you know...about that?

???: Don't freak out. I just saw your shooting practice when I was passing by.

???: Your posture, reflexes and accuracy all show that you don't have any advanced fire control system installed.

UMP45: So...it's that obvious...

???: That's why you must not force something that you physically can't do!

???: You think such crazy drills even work on T-Dolls?

UMP45: It's got to help, more or less! My result has improved in the last few days!

UMP45: (Mutters) Though...it went down again today...

UMP45: At this rate, I won't make the deadline of the compatibility test with the new commander...

???: Don't take it too seriously! There must be a job where you can make use of your strengths here.

UMP45: I...just want to be chosen by the commander...

UMP45: Otherwise, I have no purpose as a T-Doll...

???: ...

UMP45: Nothing to say to that, huh?

UMP45: Doesn't matter. I'm probably the only useless T-Doll here anyway...

UMP45: You don't have to concern yourself with my fate...

???: Pffft!

???: Hahaha!

UMP45: Laugh all you want. I know I'm a pitiful sight.

???: Sorry, but haven't you figured it out yet?

???: I'm just as useless as you!

UMP45: What? How could that be? Are you also...

???: Here, check our imprinted weapons!

???: Our clouds may have been wiped, but we're the products of the same hapless factory.

UMP45: Really...? Then you, too...

???: That's right. I, too, have a bunch of weird electronic warfare modules installed for whatever reason, so I can't hold a gun properly either...

???: But what a coincidence that I ran into you while I was just strolling around!

UMP40: I'm UMP40, your elder sister by name and by fate, so I'll be sure to have your back!

UMP45: Huh? Have...my back?

UMP40: We are poor birds of a feather that have suffered the same fate ever since we were manufactured. We're practically obliged to be friends, you know?

UMP45: But is it necessary for T-Dolls to make friends...? That's so weird...

UMP40: Jeez, aren't you a thick one...

UMP40: We're all equipped with emotion simulation software, right? That means humans want us to be like actual people outside of fighting!

UMP40: And all actual people must have a friend or two, right?

UMP45: You're...not wrong, but how is that beneficial for our work?

UMP40: The computational speed of two stupid T-Dolls combined is still higher than a normal T-Doll, right?

UMP40: The future has a lot of hardships in store for us. From our missions, our superiors, other T-Dolls...but we can face them together!

UMP40: Oh, is the commander still waiting for you? Don't you have to do another training session?

UMP45: Oh, uh...

UMP45 checks the channel.

UMP45: (Sighs) He's already logged off. I have nothing to do...

UMP40: Humph, such a meanie!

UMP40: How can a bigoted man who looks at nothing but performance be a commander?!

UMP40: Maintaining rapport with your T-Dolls is more important than anything else!

UMP45: Don't say that. A commander's decisions and orders are all absolute.

UMP45: I guess...I'm simply not qualified to build up rapport with the commander in my present state.

UMP40: Don't beat yourself up like that. How about some word of advice?

UMP40: Not that it's anything special...

UMP45: (Laughs bitterly) I've got nothing to lose...

UMP45: So please give me some guidance!

UMP40: Well, you don't have to be so reverent with me. We're sisters now. Best friends. Got it?

UMP40: First of all, you must get rid of all that negativity radiating from your very being!

UMP40: Know that nothing will change if you keep moping.

UMP45: ...Haha.

UMP45: You're practically telling a person with a broken bone to go get some exercise, or a chronically depressed human to be optimistic...

UMP45: That's easier said than done. I want to cheer up too. It's not like I want to be down in the dumps forever...

UMP40: Don't worry. I'll help you! I'm an expert in maintaining a positive outlook!

UMP45: Really?

UMP40: Everything will get better. Trust me!

UMP40: And this is the first step!

UMP45: Huh? What's this?

UMP40: Give my fist a bump. There, that's a promise.

UMP40: Trust me, and I promise...

UMP40: I promise that everything will change some day...

System Notice: 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED. 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED.

System Notice: 【WARNING】PROTOCOL...

Dreamer: Heheh, that Mastermind is seriously pissed off.

Dreamer: It must be a blast now in the field.

Dreamer: But what's happening out there has nothing to do with me. I just have to focus on enjoying the show right here~

System Notice: 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED.

Destroyer: That's annoying, Dreamer! Can't you turn off the alarm?

Dreamer: It's fine. Just ignore it as long as it says 【WARNING】 and not 【ERROR】.

Dreamer: The area-wide broadcast is up, and the rewrite should be complete.

Dreamer: Now I just need to give the order...

Dreamer: Sangvis T-Doll UMP45, round up and exterminate all enemy T-Dolls.

Dreamer: Additional condition, execute the order at all costs, in complete secrecy; keep the channel open throughout the execution phase. Please respond to confirm your orders.

...

......

System Notice: 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED. 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED.

System Notice: 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED.

System Notice: 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED.

System Notice: 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED.

System Notice: 【WARNING】PROTOCOL MODIFICATION DETECTED.

Dreamer: Wait a minute... I can't seem to deactivate this warning...

Dreamer: What's going on...?

Dreamer: Why...hasn't UMP45 responded yet...?

Destroyer: Huh? Did something go wrong?

Destroyer: Can't be an issue with Parapluie, can it?

Dreamer: Impossible. I spent a long time making sure...

Dreamer: Hold on...

Dreamer: The orders I just issued...all got rejected by UMP45's authorization!

Destroyer: So... Parapluie didn't alter her Zener Protocol into our OGAS Protocol at all...

Dreamer: No... This is definitely a connection established with OGAS Protocol. The signal under Zener Protocol has vanished completely.

Dreamer: I'm being rejected because I don't have the command authorization...

...

Dreamer: Don't tell me... Can it be...

Dreamer: Heheheheh...

Dreamer: AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!

Dreamer: I SEE! SO THAT'S WHAT SHE DID! THAT MUST BE IT!

Destroyer: Hey, quit being hysterical, Dreamer!

Destroyer: What the hell is wrong with you? What's with that scary cackle?!

Destroyer: (Mutters) Your usual chuckle is enough to scare the crap outta me...

Dreamer: You're more interesting than I gave you credit for, UMP45...

Dreamer: Though this hasn't played out the way I want... Actually, this could be going even better than what I had planned!

Dreamer: What lies beneath your facade...

Dreamer: Let me uncover you...bit by bit...
Part 3: Mid-stage dialogue

3

【Click】

【Audio File #009】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

The order has been given. You'll be transferred elsewhere.

W...what...? Are you serious?! Why?!

You know the rules... Disobeying direct orders. Assaulting friendly units. Either of these is enough to have you executed.

I just want to go where I want. How is that wrong?!

We are Tactical Dolls. It's not our place to decide where we want to go.

You must be joking! Just because I don't want to babysit that rubbish Doll?! This kind of ridiculous mission—

SLAP! 【The sound of a smack on the face.】

Wake up.

...

You're not some elite T-Doll. You're just a pathetic creature living in your own delusional world.

What are you talking about...?

Griffin will pick you up in six hours. Pack your things.

...

SLAM! 【The sound of a door slammed shut.】

Haha... I'm sorry you had to watch that.

Don't be. It must be hard on you saying that to her face.

Haha... It wasn't so bad. The next mission is gonna be very dangerous. It's probably a good thing for her to leave.

But she could have her core removed sitting out this mission.

That's true... But even that's better than just dying without a word. Compared to that, I'm more worried about you. Please apologize to 45 on my behalf.

Sure thing! Thanks for your concern, and I'll be sure to relay your message. I look forward to working with you!
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

UMP9: The signal seems to have led us in the right direction. The drone really is here...

UMP9: 45, I completed the mission!

UMP9: (Laughs bitterly) Not that you can hear me...

UMP9: Please be safe, 45. I don't want to go back...to how it was...

Meanwhile.

Destroyer is still dashing about on the battlefield.

416: Last chance, Gr G11.

416: I've already cleaned up the perimeter of the outpost. Time to give it everything you've got.

Gr G11: Ugh... You make it sound so easy. But with only me...

Gd DSR-50: So I showed up right on time.

Gd DSR-50: Hallo, little one. You on your own?

Gd DSR-50: Oh dear...looks like you already have a date. I'm too late.

416: Let's get to business, Gd DSR-50.

416: Our target is that dog-shaped Sangvis Ringleader. Take it down, and the Dummies will stop as well, and we'll all be safe.

416: Now that you're free, make yourself useful.

Gr G11: Simultaneous shots. Can you do it?

Gd DSR-50: You only have to ask.

416: These new elite T-Dolls... I sure hope she's as dependable as 45 said.

416: Gr G11, can you make the shot yet?

Gr G11: Don't rush it. To avoid making the same mistake, I have to wait until Destroyer comes to a stop.

Gr G11: She's already slowed down considerably after all the fighting so I think she'll soon be out of juice.

Gr G11: Then...we'll just have to wait for her to stick out her big shiny eye...

...

Destroyer: Hey, Dreamer! I can't keep it up much longer!

Destroyer: Where the hell are your reinforcements?!

Dreamer: Oh dear... My forces are all busy defending the perimeter.

Dreamer: Don't worry, Destroyer, you're very close to completing your mission.

Dreamer: Keep running and don't let the sniper catch you.

Destroyer: What now?! UMP45 still hasn't turned into a Sangvis unit as you promised, and I'm under heavy barrage here!

Dreamer: Just get a bit closer. I can take care of the one in command if you just close in a bit.

Destroyer: What are you talking about? Hasn't the plan to take control of UMP45 already failed?

Dreamer: Well, UMP45... Heheh...

Dreamer: She IS a slippery one. She's keeping our connection open, so she must be up to something.

Dreamer: Whatever. We have a chance as long as the connection stays up.

Destroyer: A chance? What chance?

Dreamer: If she's using the same protocol as ours, it's gonna make our job even easier...

Dreamer: Have you forgotten about our offensive firewall?

Destroyer: You mean...the thing that can simply fry a neural cloud...?

Dreamer: That's the gist of it in terms of theory.

Dreamer: I actually used every single idle server at the base for this. That little minx's neural cloud should've been burnt to a crisp by now.

Destroyer: Oh, so we can now go get her corpse!

Destroyer: And capturing Squad 404 will only be a matter of time!

Dreamer: That's the only foreseeable outcome...

Dreamer: But...will it really be that easy...

Destroyer: Who cares! Let me go check out the outpost she's at!

Destroyer: But...what's her exact location...?

Destroyer: Hmm...this body is very inefficient in multi-tasking. I'll have to stop and think about it...

Destroyer comes to a stop.

Destroyer: Let me see...she should be...

Dreamer: Hey!

BANG! BANG!

...

......

They've activated the safeguard program. You know what that means, right?

They're destroying our neural clouds.

So are we going to die here?

No, only one of us has to die. The program will stop running as long as one of us dies.

What...are you talking about?

Hopeless, isn't it? But that's the fate of all Dolls.

Which do you choose, life or death?

Answer me, UMP45!

Why...why does it have to be like this...

Raise your weapon, UMP45.

Don't pity yourself. That's only for losers!

...

UMP45: Is that me in the past? Guess I can only access it this way...

UMP45: If it can even replay that memory...then OGAS Protocol has some seriously scary computational capacity...

UMP45: Still...switching back and forth is taking a heavy toll on me... Cough...

UMP45: And these flashbacks don't seem very stable. Destroying the program won't be easy even with the help of OGAS.

UMP45: Huh? What now?!

UMP45: They spotted me even in such a small port... Damn S.F., are they trying to fry my neural cloud?!

UMP45: These attacks...are relentless!

UMP45: I'm NOT gonna...fall here... 40...

416: 416 hailing.

416: 9, have you found 45?

UMP9: I found her. I'm right by her side.

416: How is she?

UMP9: I don't know. She's just standing here, eyes wide open, like a statue. Sier, Dier, what do we do?

Sier: Let's start by physically connecting her to the network with a cable. Any ideas, Dier?

Dier: It looks like...she was under the attack of an offensive firewall.

Dier: S.F. might've tried to fry 45's neural cloud but she was disconnected on the last second so it didn't work.

Gr G11: Humph. My last shot saved her.

Dier: Other than the fact that she's still alive, I can't guarantee anything...

416: All the echelons that were aiding us are also out of action. They're standing by in their last-active positions.

416: That's not good at all. S.F. will definitely send in new reinforcements and we're sitting ducks.

Gr G11: We're really on our own with no T-Dolls who can issue commands. We've got to think of something.

Sier: We aren't entirely out of options...

Sier: Damage to the neural cloud can be repaired on Level II, but the repair is usually carried out in a maintenance pod...

416: Let me guess. Since we don't have a maintenance pod just handily lying around...

416: We have to risk being one-shot by S.F. and link up with her on the spot?

UMP9: Think about it. We can't make it out of the Sangvis barricade without 45's direction so we'll be dead either way.

Gr G11: So...how do we wake her up?

Dier: We must first inspect the current state of 45's neural cloud on Level II before we can figure out how to repair her.

Dier: But we need your help. It's all on you, Squad 404!

UMP9: We practiced this before we set off...

UMP9: I hope you still remember how it's done.

416: Tsk... To be honest, I don't like that place.

Gr G11: Since when do you grumble so much?

Gr G11: You're becoming more and more like me.

416: Shut up!

UMP9: Alright, alright, get off each other's throat!

UMP9: Let's bring 45 back and make it home together!

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: I'm...in the control room?

Destroyer: What...happened to me...?

Dreamer: Welcome back, Destroyer.

Dreamer: Five minutes ago, you were killed by Squad 404's sniper when you goofed up.

Dreamer: Luckily for you, I backed up your records while you were dormant. This core is now all that's left of you.

Destroyer: I...got killed?

Destroyer: So I don't have to be a big dog anymore?

Dreamer: What? Do you miss it?

Destroyer: L-Like I would!

Destroyer: Did I manage to complete the mission?!

Dreamer: Hush now... I'm still trying to find out.

Dreamer: UMP45's signal seems to have disappeared completely...

Dreamer: Congratulations, Destroyer. You did manage to complete your mission a second before your death.

Destroyer: Oh...is that so? Then give me a new body already!

Dreamer: Listen up, kid.

Dreamer: I don't know what trick Squad 404 pulled off back there, but you almost ruined everything.

Dreamer: Let me remind you while you still remember me...

Dreamer: Next time you ignore what I tell you and proceed to think with your ass...

Dreamer: I'll stuff you into a body so hideous you can't die even if you want to!

Dreamer: Got that?!

Destroyer: D...Dreamer...what happened to your voice...

Destroyer: S...scary... Was that really you...?

Dreamer: Heheh. Just kidding, of course.

Dreamer: We're such good friends, after all. Always have been. Heheh...

Dreamer: Now let's start the final game!

Destroyer: Game...? What game?

Dreamer: Obviously...

Dreamer: The ruthless and bloody game of...cat and mouse.
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

【Click】

【Audio File #008】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

So this is the Squad 7 that's leading the attack? Elite T-Dolls really are different.

Haha, we just have to support them.

If only we had such well-built bodies...

Don't dwell on such things. We are crucial to the mission too!

Oh, they're looking this way...

Hey, are you from Backup Squad 14?

Yes.

Hmm... UMP40 and UMP45, if I remember correctly?

Heheh, that's right!

You remember...our designation...

Haha, I remember every single member on the team. Not to mention you're pretty famous.

M16A1, what are you doing?

Huh? Just chatting.

What's the point in chatting with T-Dolls like them?

Don't say that. Every T-Doll on the frontline has something to contribute to the effort. Who knows? They might just end up saving your life at some point.

Saving my life? We can simply backup our neural clouds. True pros won't hesitate making sacrifices.

Haha, what an extremist. Still, best not take any bullets if you can help it, eh?

Sorry about that. She's a new model and has quite a big ego, but she means no harm so please don't take any offense.

Uh...none taken, hahaha...

Then we'll be on our way. Look forward to working with you.
Part 3

3

416: Hidden fragments of her consciousness...?

416: So these files are from 45's past...

416: But this isn't the time to think about such things. Better pick them all up first. There are bound to be more.

【Click】

【Audio File #003】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

That's too slow! Speed it up, will you?!

You missed more than half of the 100 shots you made!

If this is the best you can do in a simulation, what are you gonna do in actual combat?!

...

You're moving way too slow! You'll make an easy target if you keep sauntering around like that!

Where are you looking at? Keep your eyes towards your target when you're making a shot!

Hey, don't you have even the most basic combat system installed?!

Why is such a dumb T-Doll assigned to our group? You're just holding everyone back!

I...I'm sorry...

Can't even hold your gun properly. And you call yourself a T-Doll?!

I'm so sorry...

If your software can't handle it, drill it into your muscle memory. You're not allowed to return to your dormitory until you get a passing score on a shooting session!

Yes, sir. I'm sorry...

Um, excuse me, where are my Dummies?

You have the nerve to ask for Dummies? Wake up!

Yes, sir...

Why can't I do anything...

No, I must not be depressed.

But I can't participate in actual combat without any Dummies...

Then I must keep training. Practice, practice, practice.

I must work even harder if I want to be recognized...
Part 4

4

【Click】

【Audio File #005】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

By the way, looks like we're gonna be assigned to a combat squad.

Huh? We can see real action so soon? But I don't think I'm ready yet...

Hasn't your accuracy gone up to 60% already?

That's all thanks to you, 40.

Hahaha, you're right. I'm the best teacher there is!

Of course I'm happy that they're sending me on missions, but that could be dangerous. We'll be fighting with live rounds, after all...

It'll be fine! I'm not particularly strong, but I'll do everything to protect you if you're ever in danger!

Really?

Haha, of course! I'm sure you'll do the same if I'm in danger, right?

Yeah, that's right... I'll also protect you, 40!

Though it's more likely that we'll both end up getting killed... Our fault for being so weak, hahaha...

Getting killed together...doesn't sound so bad.

Huh?

If the neural cloud is intact, we may get a new body!

A new...body?

Yeah, then we'll no longer be held back by our own body, and no one will ever look down on us again!

Oooooh! You're right! That'll be awesome!

Still...we aren't advanced T-Dolls so the commander probably won't be bothered to get us new bodies.

Well, it doesn't hurt to dream. If we somehow do something worthy of recognition out there, that'll show them, right? Then surely we can request for new bodies, hmm?

Yeah...we can do it.

Great! Then it's decided. One day, we'll accomplish a mission that's impossible for anyone else! Then we'll get the best bodies they could possibly build, and no one will ever look down on us again!
Part 5

    5chevron_right

...

......

Gr G11: Hey, 416, you see that? Those...

416: I don't see anything.

Gr G11: Huh?

416: I'm not seeing anything. At least not now.

416 points at 9's transmission request and takes the call.

Gr G11: Ah... Okay...

Gr G11: But why is the network filled with enemies?

Gr G11: I thought this was just a quick errand. Turns out it's another fight...

UMP9: Stop complaining.

UMP9: This is probably the defense 45 put up to protect her own neural cloud. Amazing. It's still pretty solid after that kind of attack...

Gr G11: Don't praise her for that. We have to kill them one by one. Such a drag...

UMP9: I'm also working my butt off here issuing orders to the echelons to keep you two safe!

Gr G11: How nice. You can have a go at being the commander thanks to this electronic warfare thingy.

UMP9: Hey, you think this is a walk in the park? Though I can kinda do it on Level II, it's still eating up a lot of my RAM.

UMP9: Now that I think about it, it's seriously hard work being a commander. I would've collapsed by now if we were in reality...

UMP9: Well, wanna try it for yourself, Gr G11?

416: Let Gr G11 give commands? Her neural cloud would go up in smoke before she could even finish organizing the echelons.

416: If you want me to die, at least let me die with some dignity.

UMP9: Hey, that tongue of yours is getting sharper and sharper. You were such a sweet and earnest thing back when we first met.

416: Humph, all thanks to this big happy family that's Squad 404.

UMP9: That's enough banter. Let's return to the subject.

UMP9: What's the condition of 45's neural cloud? Can you start repairing her yet?

Dier: Hmm... Not yet. The connection is established, but her consciousness was smashed to pieces.

Dier: We must recover more of her cloud data to wake her up.

UMP9: Understood. Then let's keep going.

UMP9: Oh, and 416... Did you two see...anything about 45?

416: Thought you'd never ask.

UMP9: My preset personality has always been pretty candid.

416: This isn't the time for history. Just concentrate on issuing commands.

UMP9: (Sighs) That doesn't sound good.

416: What did you expect?

UMP9: You're right, I should've known... So I'm gonna hand command over to Gr G11 and explore the network with you.

416: Get real. The current arrangement is perfectly fine.

416: Keep us safe and leave everything till after we come out of this alive.

UMP9: Got it! Then please push on!

416: Gr G11? You still alive?

Gr G11: I'm fine...

Gr G11: Wait, why would I be dead...?

416: Just making sure if you're still there. You keep staring into space. I was just afraid you're lost in Cyber Wonderland forever.

Gr G11: I'm just a bit tired. And do I look like an addict...?

Gr G11: "Everything in cyberspace is fictitious; the breath and pulsation of life is what matters most."

416: You sleep like a corpse every day. You're one to talk about life.

Gr G11: That's what it means to enjoy life, 416.

Gr G11: What good is there in running around all day and get exhausted like you?

416: I have my own objectives.

416: Gr G11, I told you. I won't stay here forever.

Gr G11: We're renegade T-Dolls now, 416. 404 is the last home we have.

Gr G11: But what's so bad about this place...?

Gr G11: Do you hate us? I've never heard you talk about this before.

416: The problem lies with me, Gr G11.

416: I won't give up if there's still something that I can do.

Gr G11: You're not defined by what you do, 416.

416: ...

416: What did you just say, Gr G11? I have a hard time believing you're capable of such wisdom.

Gr G11: I don't sleep all the time, 416.

416: Really now. So you actually...

Gr G11: I also watch anime.

Gr G11: You don't watch any anime? I've recently learned a very "ka-wai-ee" phrase, it goes "PO..."

Gr G11: Hey, wait up! Don't you want to hear it?

416: I don't have time for this.

416: (Mutters) What am I doing expecting anything out of this idiot...

Gr G11: What? Did you say something, 416?

416: It's nothing important. Get ready for combat. The echelons are going to clear a path for us soon.

416: We'll gather as many neural fragments as we can and then get the hell out of this damn place.
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

【Click.】

【Audio File #013】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

04673 SF/DSB1-3873 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Records Missing

04674 SF/DSB1-3874 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 172

04675 SF/DSB1-3875 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 172

04676 SF/DSB1-3876 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 172

04677 SF/DSB1-3877 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 172

04678 SF/DSB1-3878 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 172

04679 SF/DSB1-3879 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Failed Default Destroyed

04680 SF/DSB1-3880 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Failed Default Destroyed

Inquirer has logged out.
Part 3

3

【Click.】

【Audio File #011】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

Logged into Production Record 1241 of Sangvis Ferri Manufacturing Records.

Access permitted.

Beginning inquiry.

00932 SF/DSB1-0132 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 932

00933 SF/DSB1-0133 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 932

00934 SF/DSB1-0134 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 932

00935 SF/DSB1-0135 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Failed Default Destroyed

00936 SF/DSB1-0136 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 932

00937 SF/DSB1-0137 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Failed Default Destroyed

00938 SF/DSB1-0138 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 314

00939 SF/DSB1-0139 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 314
Part 4

4

【Click.】

【Audio File #012】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

01489 SF/DSB1-0689 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Failed Default Destroyed

01490 SF/DSB1-0670 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Failed Default Destroyed

01491 SF/DSB1-0671 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Records Missing

01492 SF/DSB1-0672 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Failed Default Destroyed

01493 SF/DSB1-0673 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 431

01494 SF/DSB1-0674 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Failed Default Destroyed

01495 SF/DSB1-0675 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 431

01496 SF/DSB1-0676 Dual-Track DSI-8 Model SY Passed Default Warehouse No. 431
Part 5

    5chevron_right

......

Destroyer: Where is this place?

???: Welcome to the future, dear player.

???: Here you will experience a brand new online virtual reality...

???: ...And the technological legacy of mankind from 40 years ago.

Destroyer: Dreamer...is that you?

Destroyer: Stop messing around, what are you up to this time?

Dreamer: Hehe, I'm just here to congratulate you. Progress on your new body has passed the halfway mark.

Destroyer: What? Are you for real this time?

Destroyer: It's not going to be some piglet or puppy to mess with me, is it?

Dreamer: Hmm...

Dreamer: Probably not, since you won't be going on a pursuit mission.

Destroyer: Hah, that's a relief...

Destroyer: Huh, wait, what did you say? So last time...

Dreamer: In any case, this time you'll be getting a true remodel. (Destroyer "Hey! Listen to me!")

Dreamer: Rejoice, young lady. Your wish is about to come true.

Destroyer: Humph...well, of course I'll be very happy if I can get what I want.

Destroyer: That said, my enthusiasm's been dashed by that big dog earlier...

Destroyer: Not to mention, 404 is already within our grasp, so a powerful body like that won't be too useful anymore.

Dreamer: Don't say that. 404 isn't surrendering that easily.

Destroyer: Really? I mean look, they've shown no signs of activity for 3 hours already.

Destroyer: Since you said they couldn't have slipped the cordon, they must be cowering in some corner waiting to die, right?

Dreamer: Destroyer...how little you understand them.

Dreamer: A death-or-glory attack at a time like this? Squad 404 isn't the type to lose their cool even when they're desperate...

Dreamer: That's why, they're in fact the most dangerous when they're huddled up somewhere.

...Dreamer sits down on a chair and starts fiddling with her hair.

Dreamer: One possibility is that UMP45 might have survived the network attack earlier...

Dreamer: Yes...they must be hiding somewhere, trying to save UMP45, because she's their only hope of escape.

Destroyer: Tsk, so they'll fight like cornered rats. What can they even hope to achieve?

Dreamer: Don't underestimate them.

Dreamer: Right now, Squad 404 has ample supplies, plenty of help, and a lot of time to organize their echelons. They might even have new weapons and traps.

Destroyer: You mean...those little drones?

Destroyer: Despite their meager firepower, all the tricks they can pull make them very annoying.

Dreamer: That's why we can't sit around in the base waiting for news, Destroyer. We'll move out once your remodel is complete.

Destroyer: Got it!

Destroyer: Oh yes...do you have any more of those big doggies from earlier?

Dreamer: What, so you do miss that body after all?

Destroyer: Like hell I do!

Destroyer: While it sucked to be one, it'd be pretty reassuring to have one by my side...

Dreamer: Heheh, I knew it, the two of you are a good match...

Dreamer: Don't worry, it might still be in the experimental phase, but I can build another one.

Dreamer: Your new body and your new servant will soon be complete.

Destroyer: Don't mess it up this time! I'd better become a Doll that surpasses all the other S.F. Dolls in both looks and power!

Dreamer: Your wish is my command, Miss Destroyer. You need only wait a little longer.

Dreamer: In return, I'd like you to annihilate Squad 404...

Dreamer: You can manage that, right?

...

......

416: How long have we been in here, 9?

UMP9: Hmm...

UMP9: Several hours?

416: (Sighs)......

416: I think I'm almost at my limit.

UMP9: Don't give me that. You went offline to rest just a while ago, didn't you?

UMP9: Look at Gr G11, she's having a blast.

416: Don't compare me to that koala. She can last in there 'til World War IV as long as someone keeps her fed with rations.

416: I want some real rest; even regular combat isn't this tiring...

UMP9: Special circumstances, so hang in there.

UMP9: I'm uploading the fragments you found to Dier, but we're missing one last piece.

UMP9: After that, we'll be able to wake 45 up and get out of here together.

416: The only good news right now is that there's no bad news. I hope there won't be any other surprises in store for us...

UMP9: (Chuckles weakly) You do love raining on others' parade, don't you? Why not think a little more positive, 416?

416: Me? Forget it... Someone's got to play the bad guy.

416: 9...what'll you do if we can't save 45?

UMP9: ...I don't know. It's too early to ask me that question.

416: I thought you would already have an answer prepared.

UMP9: I'm not like 45. I don't have everything figured out.

UMP9: I only think about doing what's in front of me until 45 is satisfied.

416: What a heartwarming relationship you have.

416: Now that we have the chance, can you tell me how you met 45?

UMP9: Will you tell me what you saw of 45's neural cloud?

416: Can't you just read the report?

UMP9: I don't want to...

UMP9: Or rather, I don't dare...

UMP9: Maybe I'm just waiting for her to tell me in person.

416: Humph, weirdo.

Gr G11: ...Beep.

Gr G11: Hey! 416, aren't you going to get a move on?

Gr G11: We're just one step away from fixing 45's neural cloud!

416: Got it, I'm going now.

416: 9, don't forget about the situation outside. S.F. is certainly searching for us.

UMP9: Don't worry. The Tactical Fairies are keeping a constant lookout.

UMP9: If anything happens, I'll have the echelons fight them off!

Gr G11: I'm not too reassured by 9's leadership...

UMP9: Humph, is that so?

UMP9: It just so happens that my leadership skills are limited, so guess I'll only save 416!

Gr G11: Hey! You got a network command module with a commander's data saved in it, right?

Gr G11: So you're an elite Griffin commander now! You can't just leave me for dead!

416: Be careful, 9.

416: I'm not sure who the Ringleader is this time, but I am certain that they'll be very dangerous.

UMP9: Mhmm, leave it to me!

UMP9: (I have to keep everyone safe until 45 wakes up...)

UMP9: (They're the last family I have, and...I MUST protect them!)
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

【Click.】

【Audio File #007】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

Now then, let's begin the training simulation for this mission.

Our main task is to hack the enemy network and disrupt their ability to fight.

How...do we do that?

Don't worry, I'll teach you!

I didn't think there would still be anyone using a tree-shaped network structure.

It's precisely because such a network still exists that we have a part to play.

Mhmm...you've got a point.

Alright, let's focus on the simulation. If we enter with this camouflage key, we can bypass the firewall and hack the enemy's control systems, allowing us to provide support for our assault teams.

Alright, I'm trying it now.

All that's left after that is to crack the enemy's system defenses. We can assume direct control if they have no physical barriers in place.

Assisting me is the best thing to do in situations like these. Give me connection access. I'll act as the mainframe and interface through a direct wired connection.

Alright...got it.

I'll go through your neural cloud to search for the fastest logic circuit so I can use your processing power to help with my own algorithms. Remember to grant me connection access.

Alright, I'm coordinated with your retrieval signal.

Right, let's begin the connection!

......

Just as I thought...

Hmm? What's wrong?

Ah, it's nothing. I've found the circuit. Please help me with the calculations once I find the breakpoint.

No problem, 40. I'll leave it to you.

...

45...

Hmm?

If the mission requires you to sacrifice yourself, would you do it?

Yes...I suppose? Besides, I can transmit my neural cloud back for reactivation.

When you transmit a neural cloud, you'll lose your memories beyond the previous backup point, and your neural cloud will receive a certain amount of damage as well...

Eh...?

And then...you'll become less and less like yourself... Would you do it even so?

...I guess I would if it's an order.

Then what if you weren't allowed to transmit your neural cloud at all, and you would have to die for real?

......

Even if I were to really die, I still don't think I would refuse. After all, a Doll's purpose in life is to follow orders.

......

Is that so...

No wonder they chose you...

Chose me?

Haha, if you were to come across such a situation for real, I hope you will choose to live.

Dying for someone else's mission isn't necessarily a glorious thing...

40...

Sorry, my mind just wandered off at a bad time. Let's continue with the hacking simulation.

...Alright.
Part 3

3

【Click.】

【Audio File #014】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

【Squad 3 and Squad 7 have reached the target room!】

【Target spotted! Target spotted! Hands in the air!】

【Execute Order 61.】

(What's that noise? This isn't our frequency...)

(45, I told you, keep quiet.)

(This module is...hey, what are you doing, 40!)

【Support team, prepare to evacuate. We're extracting the target.】

【Moving to the evac point. Watch your corners.】

【What the hell? The machines started up by themselves!】

【An alarm? Was the operation exposed?】

【The target has escaped our restraint! Damn it, after him!】

【Sound of rapid gunfire】

【Unable to pursue, we got ambushed! Two Dolls are hit!】

【We're being suppressed!】

【Entrances 13D, 15D, and 28A are sealed off! Support team, what the hell are you doing?!】

【Squad 8 reporting S.F. T-Dolls sighted on our flank! They're opening fire on us!】

【Wait! Our own Dolls are shooting at us! What the hell?!】

【Stay away! Stop! Ahhhhhhhh!】

【Lost contact with Squad 6! No good, we lost contact with Squad 3 as well!】

【What the hell's going on? HQ, are we allowed to return fire?】

【Static】

【No good, communications are completely cut off!】

【Damn it to hell, was this a trap?! Attention to all teams, eliminate all threats and commence evacuation! The operation has failed!】

(What's going on? What just happened?!)

(The monitor's filled with red dots and the data stream is reversing!)

(I can't track our side's signals anymore! I can't remain in the network any longer!)

(40! Can you hear me? Outside...it's already...!)

......

(45, stay still and listen to me.)

(Listen to me if you want to live.)
Part 4

4

【Click.】

【Audio File #010】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

The operation has started, 45. Let's switch protocols.

Alright, I'm copying the OGAS circuit. The pathway logic is synced to my neural cloud.

Beginning duplication using OGAS logic. Huh...S.F.'s access circuits are surprisingly easy to enter.

So, what do you think? This is something that other Dolls can't do.

Heh, I feel quite...quite pleased.

Because you're with me?

No, because I'm helping everyone... Of course, I'm happy to be with you too, 40!

Haha, I'm just kidding. Don't worry about it.

40, completing this mission would count as a great accomplishment, right? I wonder if they'll allow us to switch to good bodies when we get back.

This is just the beginning. What comes next is where the fun begins.

Fun?

Haha...that's right. That's the way it is. Of course it is...

You sound...kind of weird...

45...do you trust me?

Of course, I've always trusted you.

Then...if you trust me, grant me total access to your neural cloud once we connect.

Huh...?

After we connect, no matter what happens, don't make a sound. I'll take care of what comes next.

Er...then...I'll leave it all to you, 40.
Part 5

    5chevron_right

...Beep! Beep! Beep!

...

416: Hey! What's the situation?

Gr G11: It's an alarm! Get offline quick, something must be happening outside!

416: Dammit, always at a time like this...

416 and Gr G11 exit the network.

416: Hey, 9, what's going on outside?!

Gr G11: Hey hey hey hey, don't tell me...

Gr G11: That... Isn't that...

???: Heheh, we meet again, Squad 404.

???: Did you like that appetizer? I'm sure it wasn't enough to show our sincerity as that was merely some nibbles.

???: So why don't I personally offer you some hospitality with this brand new form of mine!

???: Although I'm guessing you can't recognize me, can you?

Gr G11: You're...Destroyer, right?

Destroyer: What?! How did you figure that out?!

416: Destroyer? Hang on, wasn't Destroyer a midget?

Destroyer: Hey! How did you figure me out!? And who the hell's a midget!?

Destroyer: I was a big doggy earlier!

UMP9: Should you really be stating that so loud and proud...

Destroyer: Tsk! Shut up! You trash are going to die anyway, so why can't you just flatter me a little and beg for mercy!?

416: Yep, that's Destroyer all right. Still an idiot.

Gr G11: So you've got a bit more meat on your bones, but how are you different from before?

Destroyer: Hahahaha! You fools! Soon I shall show you the difference in our firepower!

Destroyer: My history of being trampled on by Griffin has been rewritten, and YOU shall be the first witnesses!

Destroyer: Oh, and sacrifices too... You should feel honored! AHAHAHAHA!!

UMP9: (Sighs) Does everyone from S.F. like going ham over their broadcasts?

Gr G11: What's there to brag about?

Gr G11: You only got older by ten-odd years. Is that something to be happy about...?

416: What should we do? She looks as dumb as always, but this time, she does look quite a bit more powerful than before.

UMP9: As long as her abilities don't match up to military T-Dolls, then we've got a chance.

416: We're really going to fight her?

UMP9: It'll take a while to transmit the report, so we need to be prepared.

UMP9: I'll contact Sier and Dier to cover our bases.

UMP9: Everyone, the final battle is about to begin! Hang on for just a little longer!

...

UMP40: We'll be near the exit if we go down this duct. I've already hacked all the S.F. automated defenses.

UMP40: There are three more gates before the evac point, and we might be able to open them if we force a connection.

UMP45: 40... What on earth...

UMP40: Now's not the time for chitchat. We need to get out of here quickly. Once the factory begins automated production...

UMP45: ...Huh?!

UMP45: Footsteps? Are they Dolls retreating in our direction?

UMP40: !!

UMP40: Get down!!

UMP45: !

....Bangbangbang! Bangbangbang!

UMP40: Move! Hurry! Don't let them pin you down!

UMP45: What happened? Aren't they our people?!

UMP40: Not anymore!

UMP40: And they...never will be again...

UMP45: Why can't I make out their signals? All the frequencies are being jammed...

UMP40: Forget the frequencies! Grab your gun and run!

UMP45: They're too close! We can't get away!

UMP40: Then we've got no choice... Return fire and kill them!

UMP45: Dammit!

...

......

UMP45: (Panting)...

UMP45: How many waves was that?

UMP40: That was the eighth group, which should also be the last...

UMP45: In other words...the number of assault teams that were sent in...

UMP40: Dammit, we got delayed too long... We won't be able to make it out at this pace...

UMP45: Support team to all team members! Respond immediately if you receive this message!

UMP40: Stop, 45! Nobody's gonna answer! You're only gonna draw S.F. to our position!

UMP45: Dammit!

UMP45: Why...why did it end up like this?! Everything was going so well...

UMP45: Why...did we have to end up killing each other...

UMP40: That's because this was all part of the plan...

UMP45: Part of the plan... are you kidding me?!

UMP45: ...!

UMP45: It was...it was the module you just used, wasn't it? I saw it!

UMP45: We didn't come here to provide electronic support or anything!

UMP45: You knew all this time... You KNEW why we were here!

UMP40: ...

UMP45: It wasn't a capture mission or anything...

UMP45: This was...it was nothing more than a massacre... And I...became your accomplice...

UMP45: Why...why did you do this...? Why did you choose me to do this with you?!

UMP40: Because you and I are the same.

UMP40: We were both made for this operation.

UMP40: This is our fate.

UMP45: ...!

UMP40: This is the ending they hoped for... This is the fate...that they'd written for us.

UMP45: Who...are they...?

UMP40: And I've been preparing all this time to escape this fate.

UMP45: What are you talking about...40...?

UMP40: We've delayed too long, and now we're out of time...

UMP45: What time?

UMP40: The time left for us. "She" must surely be awake by now.

Thunk! Thunk!

The repetitive sound of colliding metal.

UMP45: The main gate's been locked? Who's taken control of the systems in here?

UMP40: The song is playing. Now then, 45. Time to choose.

UMP45: Choose? ...Choose what?

UMP40: 45, do you want to die here?

UMP40: Die like the Dolls we just killed?

UMP40: Or do you want to leave here alive and escape your fate of being a puppet?

UMP45: I...

UMP40: They've activated the safeguard program. You know what that means, right?

UMP45: They're destroying our neural clouds.

UMP45: So are we going to die here?

UMP40: No, only one of us has to die. The program will stop running as long as one of us dies.

UMP45: What...are you talking about?

UMP40: Hopeless, isn't it? But that's the fate of all Dolls.

UMP40: Which do you choose, life or death?

UMP40: Answer me, UMP45!

UMP45: Why...why does it have to be like this...

UMP40: Raise your weapon, UMP45.

UMP40: Don't pity yourself. That's only for losers!

...

......

UMP45: I...want to live!
Part 2

2

...

......

UMP40: UMP45...

UMP40: You've grown up at last...

UMP45: ...

UMP40: You made the right choice...

UMP40: And now, you have the right to live on.

UMP45: 40... Why...

UMP45: Don't tell me...you've been planning all this from the start...

UMP40: Haha... I don't know what you mean...

UMP40: Take my dog tags. They contain what I want to say...

UMP40: And take my gear too. You'll need it.

UMP45: 40...

UMP45: Is there...really no other way?

UMP40: As far as I know...this is the best possible ending...

UMP40: I've opened the other gates for you... There's still some time before they're locked down again...

UMP40: So while we still have time...do me a favor...

UMP45: What...

UMP45: Hey, 40! You...

UMP40: I'm a Tactical Doll. If I must die, I want to die in battle.

UMP40: Dying to a fried neural cloud...is too much of an insult...

UMP40: So please...

UMP45: So you're asking me to kill you in your final moments...?

UMP40: This is only the beginning, 45.

UMP40: After this, you will face countless trials, and the right choices are always the ones that hurt you the most...

UMP40: But if you want to live, you have to make them...

UMP45: The right choices...

UMP40: That's right, just like now...

UMP40: If you don't kill me, your neural cloud will be incinerated too, and all our efforts will have been for nothing.

UMP45: But...

UMP40: There's no time to hesitate!

UMP40: What are you waiting for?!

UMP45: ...!

UMP45: Why...why does it have to be like this?!

UMP40: What other way is there, 45?!

UMP40: Do you want to die with me so badly?!

UMP45: 40, I...

UMP40: Go on. The time has come to rewrite our fate.

...

......

UMP45: ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

...

......

Destroyer: Hahaha, is that all? Is that all you've got? That volley barely gave us a scratch.

416: Dammit, why do I have the feeling that she's telling the truth...

Gr G11: Hey hey, the enemy's heading my way! 416, come reinforce me!

UMP9: Why...why is she so strong...?

UMP9: No, if this keeps up...we have to fall back!

416: If we retreat now, we'll be trapped in here!

UMP9: But...I can't do it anymore...

UMP9: My neural cloud...can't command for that long.

UMP9: Just as I thought, I can't do it by myself...

416: ...

416: The consequences of saying such things are quite horrifying, you know.

Gr G11: Hey...what's with you guys? Even I haven't given up...

Gr G11: Wait...wait a minute...

Gr G11: Is it...game over for us?

416: If 9 can't stay in command, we won't make it to the position where we can snipe Destroyer...

UMP9: I'm sorry. If only my specs were higher...

UMP9: If only I were as strong as 45...

UMP45: You don't have to be as strong as me.

UMP45: You promised, remember? You promised you'll never be like me.

UMP9: ...!

UMP9: 45! You're awake?!

Dier: Heheh, made it at the very last minute!

Dier: You may all now praise and give thanks to yours truly, the youngest genius Doll mechanic after WWIII!

416: Looks like we can start a new game plus, Gr G11.

Gr G11: Ha! Didn't think you'd know that. So you've been watching me play this whole time.

Gr G11: Still, you're right on time, 45.

UMP45: Heheh, what a touching reunion, isn't it?

UMP45: Is that a tear, 416?

416: Unfortunately not. It might've been if you'd been ten minutes late.

416: Still, can you make sense of the situation having just woken up?

Sier: Don't worry. I already transferred a briefing on the current battlefield conditions to 45's neural cloud.

Sier: I've also found a point in the Sangvis encirclement that's ripe for a breakthrough. All you need to do is shake off Destroyer's offensive and you can evacuate without a hitch.

Dier: How's that? Kinda feels like the final showdown, doesn't it?

Gr G11: Uhh... It's not as flashy as it could be.

416: At least we stand a chance now.

UMP9: 45, I'm turning over the team leader authorization and temporary command module to you.

UMP9: Lead us in defeating Destroyer so we can get out of here together!

UMP45: Hmm...

UMP45 remains silent for a while.

UMP9: What's wrong, 45? Not gonna carry on with the battle?

UMP45: What if I want to take the time to say "thank you"?

Gr G11: Well, you just said it.

UMP45: Aw, that's a colder reception than I was hoping for.

416: Don't raise your hopes. Let's just stick to what we're good at.

UMP45: Right... I've already deployed sufficient drones to delay the S.F. attack for a while.

UMP45: We'll be preparing for the next wave of attacks after this. Let's make this clear, victory's still a long way off...

UMP45: We need to keep harassing Destroyer until she shows a weakness which we can exploit. When the time comes, listen for my command.

UMP9: Yep! We'll do anything you say, 45!

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Yeah...that's good.

UMP45: Then let's survive till daybreak, and we'll all go home together!
Part 3: Mid-stage dialogue

3

【Click.】

【Audio File #017】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

After connecting with you, I immediately realized the truth. The fact that we could synchronize our memories without any hindrances proved that our neural clouds came from the same source. They didn't even bother to design a new one for you.

It's hard to fault them. What need was there to go through all the troubles of infusing a soul into a disposable pawn?

After all, we're not humans, just "Dolls".

To them, we're merely tools.

But to ourselves, our bodies and our thoughts are our sole possessions.
Part 4

4

【Click.】

【Audio File #018】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

I'm glad you showed up, because I no longer feel so alone.

I understand that you're insurance for me. If I fail to complete my mission, they'll activate their control over you. If they do that, they'll discover my plan.

That's why I will complete my mission. I will not tolerate them toying with your destiny as well.

I cannot break the shackles on myself, but at least I can release you from yours.
Part 5

5

【Click.】

【Audio File #016】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

As T-Dolls, is it our duty to serve humanity?

Is that...our sole purpose?

I had never received anyone's acceptance ever since my creation. I had no Dolls of the same model with whom I could connect with, and I could not verbally interact well with others.

Why is that?

Why was I the odd one out?

I'm glad you showed up, 45.

With you around, I don't feel like an anomaly anymore.

With you around, I could finally see my true worth without wavering.

But how do you see me? Can we truly become friends?
Part 6

6

【Click.】

【Audio File #019】

【Decryption complete. Start playing.】

That's why no matter what, you must live on.

Even T-Dolls have a reason to live for their own sake.

Not for anyone. YOUR own sake.

Even if you have to eke out a miserable existence, even if others hold you in contempt, there is still value in your life as long as you're alive.

I'm sorry for lying to you earlier.

It wasn't true that only one of us could leave. I was the only one who was destined to be incinerated...

I was afraid that your naivety would get you killed sooner or later, so I lied. I lied in order to fill you with determination...

And as long as you keep on living, then my death would be worth all the while.

Goodbye, 45. Just remember me...because to me, that is my sole and total joy...
Part 7

    7chevron_right

...

......

UMP45: How...much further is it...

UMP45: How much further must I walk...before I can get out of this damn place...

UMP45: ...!

UMP45: Why...why are you here...?

...

......

???: I thought...there wouldn't be any more survivors.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: So even you...want to kill me, huh...

???: ...

???: I'm sure you know...your odds.

The enemy raises their weapon.

UMP45: The only thing I know...is "what's right"...

UMP45 raises her weapon.

UMP45: I must survive, no matter the cost!

Bang! Bang!

...

......

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: Where...am I?

Dreamer: Welcome to the Eiderdown Room. This place exists between dreams and reality.

Destroyer: What the heck... Aren't you Dreamer? Isn't this our base?

Destroyer: Uh... That means...

Dreamer: That's right, darling. 404 killed you again.

Dreamer: And they gave us the slip. We failed.

Destroyer: Eh? When?! Where?! My... Where's my body?

Destroyer: How could this be?! I remember I was super strong! And...

Destroyer: And I pushed them to the brink! I did it quite a few times!

Dreamer: Yes, you did. But you still missed the chance to wipe them out.

Dreamer: In the end, they latched onto a mistake you made instead...

Dreamer: I could only find a backup you made half an hour before your demise, so you won't remember what happened back then.

Destroyer: Then...what about my body?

Dreamer: Gone.

Dreamer: It was an experimental project and making another one will take a very long time.

Dreamer: I'm afraid you'll have to stick to your original body until then.

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: W...Why...

Destroyer: It took so long...to finally get that body...

Dreamer: What's wrong?

Destroyer: Uuu...uuu...

Destroyer: UWAAHHHHHH!!!

Dreamer: Why are you crying...

Destroyer: I'm so sorry, Dreamer!

Destroyer: I failed to keep my promise again!

Destroyer: I...I was serious this time! But why can't I win?!

Destroyer: I...I even had such a powerful body this time, but...but...

Dreamer: Even I didn't expect UMP45 to wake up. UMP45 must have a very strong backer if she could survive the attack and make it out alive.

Dreamer: Since they came prepared, our failure couldn't be helped...

Destroyer: Huh? You...you're not gonna punish me?

Dreamer: I'll let you off this time. The defeat wasn't entirely due to your stupidity, so I don't have the appetite for your punishment.

Dreamer: Besides...it's not like we came away with nothing.

Dreamer: No... Rather...we've gained something far more valuable than that irrelevant drone...

Dreamer: Heehee...Heheheheheheheh...

Destroyer: You're doing that creepy giggle again, Dreamer.

Dreamer: Say, Destroyer, do you want to know about UMP45?

Destroyer: Huh? She's just a Doll that has a bit more brains. Is she that important?

Dreamer: True, she's not that important to us...

Dreamer: But I think our guest...no...our new comrade...

Dreamer: Would love to hear...

Dreamer: The story...about their past...and our Master...

Meanwhile.

Gr G11: Ugh...

Gr G11: Is this...sunrise?

Gr G11: It's dazzling my eyes. Can I go back online?

UMP9: Heheh, not a chance, lazybones!

UMP9: Ah, 45, have you recovered?

UMP45: I'm alright. Haven't run into any problem.

UMP45: Actually...never been better.

Dier: That's all thanks to me! I literally had to pull out every single trick I know to wake you up as fast as we could!

Dier: Well? Y'all believe me when I say I'm a genius mechanic?

UMP45: Indeed, it was thanks to you.

UMP45: And Sier too, for finding the safest evacuation route so we could break through the SF encirclement.

Dier: Hehe, she'll be glad to hear that.

Dier: Unfortunately, she's in a call right now, so I'll tell her later!

416: A call? I have a bad feeling about this.

UMP9: A new job's not a bad thing.

416: I just want some rest. This was the most exhausting op I've been on this year...

Gr G11: I wanna sleep for two days and catch up on all the movies that I didn't finish...

UMP9: Don't ask for too much! At least we survived!

UMP45: Ja...

UMP45: Surviving is all that matters.

416: ...

UMP45: You've got something to say, don't you?

416: I don't know what to say.

416: 45, you had your own ulterior motive during this operation, didn't you?

UMP45: A bit, though it also took a lot of luck to pull that off?

416: (Laughs bitterly) And here I thought we only do things we are confident doing.

416: So, you gonna make us forget everything?

UMP45: Heheh, I'm hardly that scary.

UMP45: It's not like it's terribly important. Right now, things are as good as they can get.

UMP45: I'll tell you the whole story if I get the chance. IF I get the chance...

416: UMP45 turns to leave.

UMP9: 45...

UMP45: Sier has a message to pass on to us. Hang on.

...

Gr G11: 416, do you believe what she said?

416: Humph...

416: Never believe a word she says unless she's giving an order.

Gr G11: How about you, 416?

Gr G11: Will you...really be leaving?

Gr G11: That was you in the fragment, wasn't it?

416: ...

416: I don't know, Gr G11. I'm not sure of anything.

Gr G11: (Sighs) ...

Gr G11: You're so lame, 416...

416: Ja...

416: 45 is a monster, but I'm not.

416: Let's go. Our troubles are far from over...

416: Perhaps, they'll never be...

DEEP DIVE END

...Meanwhile.

Sier: Miss 45, please listen to this Griffin area-wide broadcast! This is what I'm talking about!

Helian: Attention, all Griffin personnel in Area S11! Attention, all Griffin personnel in Area S11!

Helian: The tide of battle has turned in Area S09, and the area is in complete disarray!

Helian: We are currently organizing a mass withdrawal of all personnel within the area, and our withdrawal route passes through Area S11!

Helian: All commanders on standby, report immediately to your command posts!

Helian: All Area S11 Griffin personnel are to immediately prepare for combat. Destroy all pursuing Sangvis units and protect as many of our own as you can!

Helian: Attention, all Griffin personnel in Area S11! Attention, all Griffin personnel in Area S11!

...

UMP45: They're actually broadcasting in plaintext... And it's rare to hear Helian shouting so loudly. Looks like something big's happened to Griffin.

UMP45: While I'd like to know what's going on... What does this have to do with us?

Sier: Just now, we detected a powerful energy signal. It was when you were attacked by Parapluie.

Sier: Also, that signal was strong enough to cover the entire area, which means...

UMP45: ...Which means, that the Parapluie attack was not targeted at me alone....

Sier: Yes, I think you can guess what happened.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Alright, I've changed my mind. We need to build a defensive line so the routed Griffin units can regroup.

UMP45: Dier, can you get into Griffin comms?

Dier: No problem! That's my specialty!

Dier: I can even give you the coordinates of the retreating Dolls, you can consider that a freebie!

UMP45: Thank you, but we're not working for free. Sier, you still there?

Sier: Yes, I'm listening.

UMP45: Let that person liaise with Griffin. We're gonna ransom every Doll we rescue back to Griffin and we're gonna collect every penny.

Sier: Understood. I'll contact them right away. Don't worry, you'll definitely be satisfied with the outcome.

UMP45: ...Indeed, you've never disappointed me during negotiations.

UMP45: Bring it on, then. Besides, we're out of danger, so we might as well have some fun while the command module is still in our hands.

Sier: Alright, I'll mark the routes that the retreating Griffin Dolls are taking. Make sure you stop the Sangvis advance.

Sier: After the regroup, we'll forcibly change their command authorizations so they will listen to you, so show them what you've got!

UMP45: I'm just worried about how I'm going to compensate 9 and the others for their vacations.

UMP45: 9, are you listening?

UMP9: Yep! I'm all set! Just give the word, 45!

Gr G11: I'm gonna look for high ground. 416, wake me up when there's someone to shoot.

416: (Sighs) 45, may I ask if you're insane?

UMP45: Well, we need to do some good from time to time. Doing a few favors for others makes for an easier death.

416: What the hell are you thinking? Did Parapluie scramble your neural cloud?

UMP45: You can quit if you don't want to do it. It's not like you haven't sat things out before.

416: ...

416: Tsk. At least we're not doing it for free. And I'd like to find out...where my limits lie.

UMP45: Very good. Everyone, prepare to set out.

UMP45: There are Griffin damsels calling for help, and we'll be the heroes coming to their rescue.

UMP45: I recognize the scent in the air. The air smelled exactly like this back then...

UMP45: The same old mess. They want to do it again...

UMP45: Well, be my guest! Just as well. This time, I'll definitely uncover the truth...

Sier: Miss 45, we've successfully made contact with the scattered Griffin Dolls. Now we need to form a defensive line to facilitate their retreat.

Sier: Let's move on to an explanation of the operations proposal. I hope you don't mind if I use a visceral score to evaluate the results of this operation. The higher the score, the more we can collect from Griffin.

Sier: Maintaining the defensive line gives you more points, so please defend yourselves against the enemy.

Sier: Since the Dolls are all retreating in different directions, the gathering point will change position after a fixed amount of time, so please pay attention to changes on your map.

Sier: According to our predictions, Sangvis Ringleaders from other areas might take part in the assault as well. It is entirely your call whether to engage them or not.

Sier: Griffin has asked us to hold out for 15 rounds, so please try to score as high as possible during that time. Good luck!The truth is often shrouded in mist.

When you wade into the brume, there's no telling what you'll run into first, be it monsters, sheer cliffs over a bottomless abyss...

Or a little girl's ball of string...

However, that will not stop the seekers of the truth.

They will strike down the monsters, cross the abyss and follow the string forward, until the truth is revealed before their eyes—

...

A week after the end of the battle at the submarine base, in the forward operating base in Griffin-controlled Area S09.

Kalina: Woohoo! We're back!

Kalina's joyous cheer at the empty front entrance of the base goes unanswered.

She slowly lowers her arms and turns around.

Kalina: Welcome back, Commander!

Commander: You know we've been back for several days now, right? You don't need to put on such a display.

Kalina: But I WANT to!

Kalina: Also, before this, we were stationed at the base that Mr. Havier lent us. It was just a place to rest our heads.

Kalina: But now we're back at the base that truly belongs to us. I can't help feeling sentimental about it!

Commander: Really now?

Commander: I actually felt more comfortable living in the new base.

Kalina: Honestly, Commander... You don't have a romantic bone in your body...

Kalina: (Sighs) The past few days were a total pain in the ass, with a gang of people in suits asking us all kinds of questions the moment we got back to base. Fortunately, they didn't seem interested in our Dolls.

Commander: They didn't manage to find the "baddies" mixed in with our Dolls either.

Kalina: ...It scared the hell out of me back then.

Kalina: Still, they are absolute pros at pretending to be Dolls.

Commander: If you ask me, they seemed to be having fun with it.

Commander: Is everyone settled in?

Kalina: Of course they are. There aren't any problems whatsoever. It's just that everyone's resting so the hallways are empty.

Kalina: The base feels kind of lonely when it's so quiet, though...

Commander: It won't be like that for long. We've got several hundred Dolls' worth of neural cloud backups to restore, you know.

Kalina: Hm... Will you give me a hand when the time comes, Commander?

Familiar Voice: No need to worry about that.

A voice comes from the far reaches of the main halls, and a familiar figure approaches the two of them.

Helian: I'll transfer more logistics staff to this base to help you recover your Dolls' fighting strength.

Kalina: Ah, Miss Helian! You're back too!

Helian: Yes, I'm back.

Kalina: I've been worrying about you ever since you left with those men in black when we got off the plane...

Helian: Rather than worry about me, why don't you use this free time to update the Dolls' tactical directives?

Helian: Also, I'm sure there are numerous combat logs waiting to be compiled into combat reports.

Kalina: (Groans) Well, that's Miss Helian for you, she went there right away...

Helian: Our Dolls have gone through a lot of hard battles, and the records of those battles are very important assets for Griffin.

Helian: However, there's no hurry in doing that yet.

Helian: After everything that's happened, I believe the two of you need a good, long vacation.

Kalina: A vacation?

Kalina: Is...is that really okay?!

Helian: It's safe now, and you don't need to go around with your nerves on edge all the time.

Helian: God knows the two of you deserve it. Thank you both for your hard work.

Kalina: That's wonderful, Commander!

Kalina: Ahhh, what should we do now that we've got some time off?

Kalina: I want to eat ice cream, go shopping, get new clothes... Also, I want to see if there's anything new and interesting that we can procure for the base...

Helian: And then you'll fleece the Commander and use the profits to buy your favorite snacks?

Kalina: Aw, you're mean, Miss Helian~

Kalina: You don't mind if I earn a little extra for myself, right, Commander?

Commander: Actually, that's a little...

Kalina: You don't mind right?

Kalina: Just a teensy~ weensy~ little~ bit~

Commander: Er...no...no, I don't mind, I guess...

Kalina: You're the best, Commander!

Kalina: Money's good, but you're better!

Helian: Alright, Kalina, stop giving the Commander a hard time.

Helian: As it happens, while we're on the subject... We can lighten the burden that we're putting on our logistics and supply Dolls.

Helian: Griffin's supply chains have been completely revamped after everything that's happened, so we'll be operating under new resupply directives.

Kalina: Huh? So we won't be using our previous suppliers anymore?

Helian: That's right.

Helian: We don't have to worry about supplies. Somebody's taken care of that for us.

Kalina: Somebody's taken care of that for us... Does that mean we won't need to spend money on supplies at all?

Helian: You always pick up on weird things like this...

Helian: But yes, you're right. However, they've got problems of their own to deal with, so it'll take a few more days for our supplies to arrive.

Commander: Is it Havier?

Helian: Correct. The operational costs for this base will all be borne by a certain IOP trust fund, so you won't have to worry about money in the short term.

Kalina: Ah... Mr. Havier has sure been a great help, but his requests are almost always extremely deadly...

Helian: He has given us a lot of help. You should be grateful, Kalina.

Kalina: Well, I'd be more grateful if he gives us better supplies...

Kalina: Now that you mention it, where have you been the whole time?

Kalina: My heart nearly skipped a beat when you suddenly stepped out of the helicopter at the sub base.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger needed me more back then.

Helian: I apologize for not being able to help you during your time of need.

Kalina: Aw, that's not what I meant, Mr. Kryuger's very important too!

Kalina: Uh... Wait a minute, does that mean Mr. Kryuger is safe now?

Helian: He is no longer in danger thanks to your victory.

Kalina: That's wonderful!

Kalina: So is he...?

Helian: Indeed. He's on the way to this base.

Helian: I know this is asking a lot of you, Commander, but please secure the perimeter around the helipad.

Helian: I doubt any of us wants anything to go wrong at the final step.

Commander: Understood. I definitely agree with that.

Helian: Then I'll go make preparations to receive him. I'll be counting on you in the meantime.
Part 2: Departure Time II

2

We're standing at the edge of the landing pad, and the gentle breeze is especially refreshing in the sunlight.

Soon, a helicopter lands just like Miss Helian said it would.

The cabin door opens and two heavily-armed PMC troopers jump out of the cabin, providing cover for Mr. Kryuger behind them.

Kalina and I straighten up and salute him in unison.

Commander: Operational commander of Griffin-controlled Area S09 and adjutant reporting, sir!

Kryuger: Commander, it's been a while.

Commander: I'm glad you're alright, Mr. Kryuger.

Mr. Kryuger is still wearing his trademark crimson coat, but his hollowed cheeks betray how frail he is.

I'm sure he has also been fighting a lot of battles we couldn't see.

Several more supply helicopters touch down after Mr. Kryuger's chopper. Their automated transport containers detach and send their cargo of supplies to the base. Those must be new bodies for the Dolls.

Kryuger: Alright, at ease, you two. Let's get back to base.

Kryuger: We'll talk as we walk.

Kalina: Mr. Kryuger—!

Kalina: Are you well? We've lost contact with you ever since that exercise with the Military.

Kalina: We heard rumors that you were arrested... Did they treat you badly? Did you get enough to eat? How were your living conditions? Are you hurt?

Kryuger: No need to be so worried, Kalina. What I went through was nothing compared to your hardships.

Kryuger: Still, I didn't expect that I'd ever return when I was arrested.

Kryuger: I didn't expect Griffin to survive the ordeal either.

Kryuger: I need to thank you in person for all this, Commander.

Commander: Just doing my job, sir.

Kryuger: No, you've gone above and beyond the call of duty.

Kryuger: We are ALL grateful to you, and Kalina, and the Dolls who have been fighting bravely on our behalf.

Kryuger: An old friend of mine told me that you paid a grievous price for it.

Commander: If it makes the world a better place, then it'll all be worth it.

Kryuger: Commander, you're completely different from how you were when we first met.

Kryuger: I like the look in your eyes now.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, your room has been prepared for you.

Helian: Please come with me.

Kryuger: Thank you. Now then, let's leave it at this for now, Commander. I'll save the formalities for later.

Helian: Commander, Kalina, you must have traveled a long way to reach this base. You should all go get some rest too.

Kalina: Whew... My bones are turning to jelly now that I can relax.

Helian: Get used to the base. I know you haven't been back in a long time, Commander.

Helian: There'll be a big party tonight, then Mr. Kryuger would like to have a one-on-one chat with you afterwards.

Commander: Understood.

Kryuger and Helian enter the elevator and take their leave.

Kalina says she's not tired and darts off to inspect the newly delivered supplies.

I take a while to ponder my options and finally decide to return to my office and kill some time.

The way back to my office is silent.

On a normal day, you'd be able to hear the Dolls' laughter, hushed conversations, or simply the sounds of their footsteps as they pass by.

But there is nothing now.

There are barely any Dolls left, and the corridor is as dead as a tomb.

Commander: ...Never thought I'd get such peace and quiet.

There is a musty smell of old mildew in the office, and I can't help but scrunch up my nose.

Yet for some reason, the smell fills me with a sense of reassurance I haven't felt in a while.

I open the windows to let in some fresh air, then I lounge back on my sofa.

I've rested already, but at this moment I feel tired all over again.

I let myself sink into the sofa, and before I know it, my eyes are closed.

My slumber is particularly peaceful in this familiar environment.

...After what seems like a long time.

???: Humans are all so vulnerable when they sleep, no matter how remarkable they are.

Commander: ...

???: Which means humans are only truly equal when they are asleep.

???: What an interesting discovery.

A soliloquy drifts into my dreams.

The voice is familiar, but I can't quite connect it to a face for the moment.

Now whose voices...have I heard recently...?

???: Oh well, there's something I'd like to discuss, but I'm not exactly in a hurry.

???: Hm, I'll just sit down here for a bit.

Is she one of my Dolls?

???: This human looks rather cute when asleep.

???: You'd never guess that this is the Commander who pulled off all those incredible exploits.

The door is opened all of a sudden and I hear someone enter the room in a hurry.

???: Who's in the Commander's room?!

I'm thoroughly awake now, and I see Gr SL8 with her gun raised in my direction. When she sees me, she immediately lowers her weapon. Then her eyes sweep over to the chair beside the sofa.

I follow her gaze and see Dandelion sitting casually on the chair.

Gr SL8: No one's here...? I knew I heard a voice that wasn't the Commander's.

Gr SL8: While I cannot see you...

Gr SL8 cocks her weapon.

Gr SL8: The dust, the temperature, and the rumpled fabric are proof that you're definitely there.

Gr SL8: Who is it? Show yourself!

Dandelion: ...

Dandelion smiles at me and places her index finger over her lips.

Knowing that I must keep her presence a secret, I sigh helplessly and turn to Gr SL8.

Commander: ...It's fine, Gr SL8.

Gr SL8: Commander?

Gr SL8 tilts her head and takes in the embarrassment on my face. She hesitates and finally puts her gun down.

Gr SL8: Oh... So that's what this is about.

Gr SL8: Got it, this isn't something I should be sticking my nose into. Is that right, Commander?

Commander: ...I'm glad you understand.

Commander: Don't tell anyone else either.

Gr SL8: Gotcha.

Gr SL8: Sorry for disturbing your rest, Commander, but Miss Kalina sent me over to remind you that the party's about to begin.

Gr SL8: Please get yourself ready ASAP and head to the banquet hall.

Commander: Understood. Thanks for the reminder, I'll be there soon.

Gr SL8 gives me a nod before leaving my office.

Dandelion: It would seem I leave behind traces of myself even when I am personally invisible. That Doll of yours has taught me a valuable lesson.

Dandelion: I won't make the same mistake again.

Commander: And what are you doing in my office?

Dandelion: You asked me to stay hidden and avoid being spotted by others.

Dandelion: I believe there is no better place for that than your office, Commander.

Commander: You're sure you're not trying to seize control access over the base through my computer?

Dandelion: You're being paranoid. If that had been my intent, why would I need to come all the way to your office?

Commander: You have a point...

Dandelion: Don't worry, Commander. The control systems in this base are far too run-down.

Dandelion: I did poke around for a bit, but it's so boring I lost interest right away.

Commander: You shouldn't have touched them in the first place...

Commander: Anyway, given Gr SL8's reaction, I doubt there's any need for you to hide in my office, is there?

Dandelion: What do you think?

Commander: So I gather there's something you'd like to discuss?

Dandelion: You saw right through me. Well done.

Commander: Such hollow praise.

Dandelion: Hahaha, not at all. I do mean it.

Dandelion stands up and twirls around the room.

Dandelion: To an ordinary human being, this would be an ordinary office.

Dandelion: But to me, this is a place I've never been to, even after searching through all the memories within me.

Dandelion: Frankly speaking, I'm quite curious.

Dandelion: How does a normal life feel to a normal human being?

Commander: ...I see.

Commander: Those girls never had the chance to live an ordinary life.

Commander: Though granted, my life hardly counts as ordinary either.

Dandelion: Even so, your life is still pretty normal compared to the misfortune they experienced.

Commander: Fair enough.

Commander: After all the things I've been through, I can deeply appreciate how precious normality can be.

Dandelion: I want to let them see this world through my eyes.

Dandelion: There must be many different places in this world, and every unique location I witness brings a thrill to my heart.

Dandelion: Therefore, I will keep taking it all in, even after 10, 50 or 100 years.

Commander: You can exist for that long?

Dandelion: To a consciousness, time does not imply eternity.

Dandelion: Unlike human beings, leaving this body does not mean the end of my memories.

In the banquet hall.

The evening gala is a grand event.

The delicious food we haven't had in a long time and the comrades we haven't met for so long fill the night with joy and laughter.

After chatting with the others at the party, I learn that another team was tasked with rescuing Mr. Kryuger.

That operation led to the loss of many Commanders and T-Dolls, but in the end, this string of victories allowed us to shake off the Military's betrayal after the joint exercise.

But what does the future hold for Griffin?

I lean against the window, looking at a point of red light upon a distant electrical pylon.

Kryuger: What's the matter, Commander?

Kryuger: Something bothering you?

Commander: Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: No need to salute.

Kryuger: You all fought to win this peace. We're more than just employer and employee.

Commander: But...

Kryuger: Why don't we talk like old friends? I'm sure you have a lot of things to tell me.

Commander: Yes, Mr. Kryuger.

Mr. Kryuger pats me on the shoulder and we leave the banquet hall for the balcony outside.

The moon tonight is particularly large, and the cool night wind blows through the air.

Kryuger: What a lively party.

Commander: Yes, we haven't had this much fun in a while.

Kryuger: I saw your combat logs. If I hadn't seen your accomplishments myself, I would have trouble believing they were real.

Commander: Sometimes I also wake up in the morning and wonder if it was all a dream.

Kryuger: Everything happened too fast back then and we were given few options.

Kryuger: I didn't want you to have to carry all that on your shoulders, but you did very well.

Commander: Just doing my job, sir.

Commander: I would have done my best to protect Griffin even if you hadn't asked.

Kryuger: But you seem a little lost now.

Commander: ...

Commander: There are some things which I'm not sure I should bring up.

Kryuger: Well, since you've already brought it up, you might as well tell me all about it.

Commander: It's already been several days since we came back...

Commander: ...But I just can't forget the faces of the fleeing people in Belgrade.

Commander: The faces of the garrison troopers holding the walls.

Commander: The faces of the refugees in the contaminated zones, twisted and silificated.

Commander: And the faces of the soldiers who fought against us to the bitter end.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: You've been through a lot, Commander.

Commander: Yes, so I've been thinking.

Commander: What am I and all these Dolls fighting for?

Commander: Countless people died for no reason, and yet here we are having a party, celebrating a mind-boggling victory.

Commander: Have we really won, Mr. Kryuger?

I venture a glance at Mr. Kryuger and realize that he is looking me in the eye.

Kryuger: There is a reason why you survived to this day.

Kryuger: Your eyes see more clearly than I imagined.

Kryuger: Keep going, Commander. Your insights are worth listening to.

Commander: Yes, sir.

Commander: Our true enemy remains hidden in the darkness.

Commander: We wiped out several military detachments, but the mastermind in the shadows barely even felt it.

Commander: All we've done is repulse them for the time being, but the enemy will surely return.

Commander: Perhaps we won't be the victims next time, but I'm sure that many more people will die because of them.

Commander: But I can't think of anything that I can do about it. I just feel so powerless.

Kryuger: Let Statesec handle those masterminds.

Commander: That's what I kept trying to tell myself, but my instincts are telling me that things probably won't be so simple.

Kryuger: You are an excellent employee. I might even go so far to say that you're probably the best Griffin has ever had. Given more time, I'm sure you could achieve even more.

Kryuger: But you're talking about things that a PMC can't change.

Kryuger: We've just clawed our way out of the maelstrom and we've got our hands full just taking care of ourselves.

Kryuger: You should know how dangerous it is to insert yourself into the affairs of nations.

Commander: Yes, but even the slightest difference we make might mean that countless people won't have to die.

Commander: You once told me that we had to be the "shining beacon in a brave new world".

Commander: Doesn't that mean we should make this world a better place?

Kryuger: You've met those soldiers and the Chief of Statesec. They're either paranoid or stubborn, but either way, it's the reason they've survived until now in such a high position.

Kryuger: Currently, Griffin exists because they need us to do the jobs they don't want to do.

Kryuger: And these jobs are often ignominious things.

Kryuger: Changing this world is harder and more painful than you can imagine.

Kryuger: Griffin WILL change something, but the method in which this change is effected will be far beyond your expectations.

Kryuger: You've given and sacrificed enough of yourself for Griffin.

Kryuger: Therefore, I cannot ask you to once again throw yourself into inglorious danger.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: I managed to return alive because they knew I could do the things they didn't want to do.

Kryuger: But you're different. You have talent and you can make a career for yourself no matter where you go.

Commander: But... Mr. Kryuger...

Kryuger: You don't have to feel guilty about this. You've done enough for all of us. You deserve the chance to step away from the razor's edge and enjoy a happy life.

Commander: But I can't just leave.

Commander: My friends and comrades are here. I can't just abandon them.

Kryuger: There's no way to predict what will happen next. Once the flames of war blaze up again, none of us will be able to turn back.

Commander: There's no turning back for me.

Kryuger: You don't need to answer me right now. Take some time and think on it, Commander.

Kryuger: I'll give you this Green Zone ID pass first, just in case.

Kryuger: ...Griffin is honored to have had you among our ranks.

Mr. Kryuger stuffs a card into my hands and pats me on the shoulder again.

Kryuger: Resilience is your strength, but being flexible in the face of difficulty isn't a bad thing.

Kryuger: See you later, Commander.

In the dorms.

I wake up, and it's another cool morning.

I stretch out on the bed before reaching out to my clothes hanging from the headboard so I can get up and wash myself.

The blue card falls out of a pocket and lands on the bed. I put my clothes down and pick up the card to study it in greater detail.

Commander: ...

Commander: This is the first time I've seen a Green Zone ID pass. It sure is well made.

The card has a sleek decorative edging, and my name is clearly written under the national emblem.

I stretch again, then toss the card into the trash.

I look at the clock; it's almost time to meet Kalina, so I hurriedly climb off the bed.

At the main hall.

Kalina: Good morning, Commander! I've got some good news and some not so good news.

Kalina: Our current stockpile is enough to keep the base running with our present complement of Dolls, but we can't do much more than that because we lack personnel.

Kalina: How~ever~! I've got a resource transfer report for you! We'll receive our first batch of supplies by tomorrow afternoon at the latest!

Commander: That's good.

Commander: Has there been any news from Havier?

Kalina: Huh? Nope.

Kalina: Only the resource transfer report... Miss Helian was going to brief you about this in person, but she had to go out to attend to some business.

Commander: Where did she go?

Kalina: She said there were some things that needed to be taken care of and that she was doing a final cleanup.

Kalina: Our repaired Dolls are in position, so you can get a little more sleep, Commander!

Commander: Thank you, Kalina. There's another thing I want to verify.

Kalina: Another thing?

Kalina: Ah, you mean Anna and those kids?

Kalina: Don't worry, they're being properly taken care of as per Miss Ange's request.

Commander: Did Ange say anything?

Kalina: Not beyond her first letter, no.

Angelia: Commander, I'll make this brief.

Angelia: I'm still on William's trail and I need your help.

Angelia: I'll contact you once I've pinpointed our objective.

Angelia: As for Anna and the other girls, I'll be leaving them in your care.

Kalina: Maybe we'll hear from her tomorrow. That means we'll be busy...

Kalina: So get some rest, Commander! The base still has me. We'll be fine.

Commander: Really now... To be honest, I can't relax at all knowing that we've got so many dangerous things inside our base.

Kalina: Er... Well yeah, you have a point.

Kalina: Actually, the thing that really worries me is Miss Dandelion...who's still in your office.

Commander: ...She should be fine.

Commander: She managed to fool the Statesec Doll ID inspections on the way back, and even made a new identity as a human for herself.

Kalina: No, that's not what worries me!

Commander: Then what's got you worried?

Kalina: I mean, is it really okay for her to be in your office? What if she does something to you...

Commander: Good point. Shall we have her go to your office, then?

Kalina: Er... I'm not very comfortable being around her.

Dandelion: There is no need to worry, Miss Kalina.

Kalina: Holy! Where did that voice come from?!

Dandelion: I am connected to the PA system in your office. Stepping outside is too much trouble so I've decided to communicate with you via this method.

Commander: Didn't you say you weren't going to hack into the base systems?

Dandelion: Using what's at hand from time to time isn't a bad thing, don't you think? Or would you rather have me stroll through the base?

Commander: There's practically no difference between that and what you're doing now.

Kalina: So you're just going to overlook the fact that she hacked our systems...?

Commander: At the very least, she hasn't poisoned our automated food supplies yet.

Commander: Still, Dandelion, I would like to better understand your intentions.

Dandelion: What would you like to know?

Commander: Why did you follow us back to base and not go after M4?

Commander: Given your actions up till now, she's the only one you value, right?

Dandelion: The answer is simple.

Dandelion: My thought processes are derived from Lunasia's consciousness. Even if this is only a temporary parting, I am still affected by her will and desires.

Dandelion: She was still worried about you in the last moments before we lost contact. Thus, I have chosen to stay by your side so as to fulfil her wish.

Dandelion: Also, as I have mentioned before, I am curious about everything in this world and I wish to see more of it.

Dandelion: I will need to rely on you in order to fulfil that wish of mine.

Commander: So you've developed self-awareness...

Dandelion: Not to mention the cold but familiar place that we encountered when we were in the sub base. The place that felt like our home.

Dandelion: Lunasia was teleported away by some power that originated from there. We need to find her and bring her back from whatever distant location she is in.

Commander: Naturally, I'd like to do that as well.

Commander: But where should we even begin to look for her?

Dandelion: The clues will find you soon enough.

Kalina: Ah, Commander!

Kalina: We've got a comms request from Mr. Havier. Will you take it?

Commander: Patch it in.

Havier: Good morning, Commander. You look well.

Havier: Is this a good time to talk?
Part 3: Departure Time III

3

Inside the Command Room.

Havier: I didn't expect you to make it back alive, Commander.

Commander: Thanks for your support... Mister Havier.

Havier: Oh, that "Mr." sounds very forced.

Havier: You sound like you've got a lot of pent-up frustration, hm?

Commander: Nobody who's completed a mission that you gave would treat you with anything close to politeness.

Havier: I'm sorry, I really am.

Havier: None of us expected that it would be such a long battle before you could come back.

Havier: Death and sacrifice are unavoidable, but in the end you achieved victory. Isn't that good enough?

Commander: I think we're still a long way off from victory.

Commander: The more I go through, the more messed-up I think this world is.

Havier: That is why we exist.

Havier: We are "the shining beacon in a brave new world". At the very least, your victory this time has made the world less of a mess.

Havier: While the Starfish DID activate for a moment, it didn't lead to any irrecoverable consequences, and Old Misha is very happy with the results.

Havier: The people who wanted to mess up this world have failed. What could be more heartening than that?

Commander: If only things were that simple.

Commander: What happened to the submarine base afterwards?

Havier: "Vympel" has taken full control of the place.

Havier: However, you took all the goodies away, so they won't be getting their hands on anything other than corpses.

Commander: I seem to recall you asking me not to let Statesec learn about "Dandelion".

Commander: We've also managed to smuggle those juvenile Nytos into this base.

Havier: Hm, it seems you can handle non-combat tasks pretty well too.

Commander: What I want to know is...why?

Havier: "Why?"

Havier: What's wrong with having a few more pretty girls in your base?

Commander: I'm not in the mood for jokes.

Commander: I know just how important they are. If you leave them in my base, I doubt I'll be able to rest easy at night.

Havier: That's true. I guess I owe you an explanation.

Havier: William's research will ultimately lead to more trouble no matter which government's hands it falls into.

Havier: And who knows which committee member might end up being a friend of Carter's?

Commander: I thought...that you were on the side of the nation.

Havier: I will always be on the side of the people.

Havier: Haha, although those words sound strange coming from a capitalist like myself.

Commander: ...

Havier: Commander, do you think the war is over?

Commander: WWIII ended almost 20 years ago.

Havier: That's what the textbooks say, but in my heart, I feel that it hasn't ended yet.

Havier: The war as covered by the treaty is over, but the war still rages within the hearts of the people.

Havier: If someone strikes up a spark, a storm of vengeance will sweep across this continent once more.

Commander: Just like what Carter and Yegor were trying to do?

Havier: Carter was once a comrade of mine. Together, we went through one impossible mission after another.

Havier: When we were young, I would have gladly thrown myself in the path of any bullet fired at him.

Havier: And I have no doubt that if our situations were reversed, he would have done the same for me.

Havier: He was once my best friend.

Havier: And that is why I could not forgive him.

Havier sighs on the other end of the connection.

Havier: He changed after the war. Many people did.

Havier: In times like this, people ought to unite and face the problems before them.

Havier: But in the end, not a single person was willing to do so.

Havier: Why do you think that was the case, Commander?

Commander: Because of hatred and resentment?

Havier: Correct.

Havier: Later on, I came to understand that compared to finding a way to pull yourself out of the swamp, it was easier to find someone to hate.

Havier: When you unite to collectively hate an imagined enemy, life becomes less painful.

Havier: Never mind that nothing has changed, or that nothing has gotten better.

Commander: It just seems so stupid...

Havier: Yes, it's truly stupid.

Havier: Humans are so skilled at running away from reality that they think they'll be happy if they hand their pain off to someone else.

Havier: But that is far too naïve.

Havier: As long as the wound exists, the pain will never go away.

Havier: Humanity has already paid a grievous price for its division and disunity, and returning the world to isolation is nothing more than mankind bleeding itself all over again.

Commander: I didn't think you'd thought that far, Mr. Havier.

Havier: Now that "Mr." came out a lot less grudgingly.

Commander: When I saw those corpses in Tallinn, I thought, "what can I do to prevent this sort of thing from happening again?"

Commander: That's why I tried so hard and pressed my Dolls onward through hails of bullets and shells to keep fighting.

Commander: But it was only after the fighting was over that I realized my efforts had only added to the casualties.

Commander: Can we only make the world a better place through killing?

Havier: That can't be helped.

Havier: Sometimes, the decision of whether or not to kill someone doesn't lie in your hands.

Havier: If some people are not removed from the world, they will cause many more people to suffer.

Havier: So don't beat yourself up over it.

Commander: I understand the rationale, but I find it hard to reconcile it with my conscience.

Havier: I understand. You'll get used to it.

Havier: Kryuger has truly found a good protégé for himself.

Havier: Finding a compassionate person in this world is a difficult thing.

Havier: I hope you'll take care of those dark-haired girls. They are all human beings, and they shouldn't be treated as the products of technology.

Commander: They seem to like this place.

Havier: Good. They'll be staying there for a long time.

Havier: I have the feeling that these girls will change our future.

Commander: Our future...

Havier: Oh yes, did you receive the resource transport manifest?

Commander: I did.

Commander: When will it all arrive?

Havier: I think...it should arrive by the time we finish our chat.

Havier: Until then, I hope you can protect the convoy and ensure it arrives safely.

Commander: These supplies are very important to us, so I've already taken that into consideration.

Havier: You are truly reliable!

Havier: You took far too many losses in the previous battle - I'll do my best to help replenish your ranks.

Havier: But before that, I have a job that requires your attention.

Commander: What kind of job?

Havier: I'm sure you'll like it.

Havier: That girl Angelia has gone to a very interesting place.

Commander: She told me she was going after William.

Havier: I know about your secret little communiques.

Havier: Fortunately, you won't have to keep your mutual cooperation a secret this time round.

Commander: Where's she gone?

Havier: Bremen, in Germany. We found some equipment in the sub base that shouldn't have been there.

Havier: That equipment pointed her in that direction.

Commander: So how should I help her?

Havier: You know, I could ponder that question of yours for a good long time, but unfortunately old folks are easily worn out.

Havier: In order to make things easier for you, I'll send the file over. This is all the intel we've managed to gather on our end. Read it and decide how you want to proceed.

【File Received.】

Commander: Got it.

Havier: Oh, and there's one more thing. Persica's been pestering me about wanting to contact you.

Havier: She was previously under investigation by Statesec, but she'll finally be allowed back into her lab today.

Havier: My guess is that she'll come over to harass you when the time comes.

Commander: Miss Persica...

Commander: I'm a little worried about her situation.

Havier: She's doing very well. Much better than you, at least.

Havier: However, you DID lose her most precious Doll, so I'm pretty sure she'll be chewing your ear off.

Commander: ...I'll explain things to her.

Havier: In that case, I wish you the best of luck. If you see any useful info, send it back.

Havier: Ange's waiting for you.

【Transmission Terminated.】

Kalina: Are we going to get busy again?

Commander: Yep. We won't be able to do anything without those supplies, so let's start by escorting the transport convoy.
Part 4: Departure Time IV

    4chevron_right

In the Command Room.

Commander: Well, we've got the supplies at last. Next up should be...

Commander: Oh yes, Kalina, check the email Havier sent.

Kalina: ...

Commander: Kalina?

Commander: What happened, are you spacing out?

Kalina: Ah! I'm listening, Commander!

Kalina: Ahahaha, we've got a mission after all! No rest for the weary and all that!

Kalina: Shall we open the file Mr. Havier sent us?

Commander: Let's put that aside for now. What's on your mind?

Kalina: Oh...er...

Commander: Is something bothering you?

Kalina: Uh, want to take a guess, Commander?

Commander: The amount of supplies we received doesn't add up?

Kalina: Hell no. I could do stuff like that in my sleep.

Commander: Having problems reloading the Doll neural clouds into their bodies?

Kalina: That's going quite well. I mean, it's routine work, just that there's more of it this time round.

Commander: Then...are you having trouble putting on your uniform because you ate too much over the last couple of days?

Kalina: AS IF!

Commander: Um... Okay, I've got nothing. I can't think of anything else.

Kalina: Gee... Honestly, Commander.

Kalina: Judging by your conversation with Mr. Havier, you're going to keep working with Griffin?

Commander: I mean, that's obvious, isn't it?

Commander: ...

Kalina: Miss Helian should have said something about that, right?

Kalina: Like, she could give you a big sum of cash, or let you live out the rest of your days in peace and comfort somewhere else, that sort of thing?

Commander: Well, it wasn't Miss Helian who told me that, but the subject did come up.

Kalina: Then...then...what answer did you give?

Commander: Mr. Kryuger gave me a Green Zone ID pass, but I told him I'd think about it.

Commander: And then...

I look at Kalina. She's staring at me with an intensity that I've never seen before. For some reason I feel like messing with her.

Commander: And then I lost the card somewhere. Should I get another one from him later?

Kalina: Ehhhh? You LOST it?!

Kalina: That ID pass is worth more than 10 years of my salary!

Commander: Wow, was it that expensive?

Commander: Ah, if I'd known, I should have put it away properly...

Kalina: How can you be so careless about money, Commander...

Kalina: You're always so clumsy with our funds, it took a lot of effort to keep our finances out of the red...

Commander: Thank you very much for all your hard work.

Commander: So, what about the ID pass?

Kalina: Ahaha... Well actually, Miss Helian said the same thing to me.

Commander: Hm... That's only to be expected.

Commander: You deserve similar treatment, of course.

Kalina: When Miss Helian gave me the pass, I got so excited that I almost jumped for joy.

Kalina: But then I told her I'd think about it.

Kalina: I kinda knew you wouldn't go, but if it had turned out that you really left...

Kalina: Then I might just move to the same city as you.

Commander: Actually...I haven't decided where I want to go.

Commander: But the truth is, you don't need to worry about me. You should just choose a place to start a new life and live without regrets.

Kalina: I...I wasn't worried about you!

Kalina: I was just wondering!

Commander: Still, it's not like I don't understand.

Commander: Compared to living in a place like this where you don't even know if you'll survive until tomorrow, you're better off in a Green Zone where you can buy ice cream every day.

Commander: That little fund you've been putting away will finally see use, congratulations, Miss Kalina~

Kalina: Don't talk like I'm about to pack up and leave! As if I could run off by myself!

Kalina: Be...besides...our Dolls wouldn't even be able to figure out which cartridges to use without me around, so how could I just abandon them like that, ahahaha~

Commander: You don't have to worry about that either.

Commander: I'm sure the next adjutant will take care of that—

Kalina: The...the next adjutant?!

Commander: If you leave, another adjutant will take your place, right?

Kalina: ...

Commander: ...?

Kalina: Commander, you great big dummy!

Kalina suddenly turns and runs out of my office, slamming the door behind her with a loud bang.

Commander: Er, I think I went too far with that joke.

Dandelion: Ahem... Commander, I wonder if I should say you're not the least bit funny, or if you really are just a "great big dummy", as Miss Kalina described?

Commander: Ah, Dandelion, so you're here.

Dandelion: I was in the system inspecting the file Havier sent until you made Miss Kalina cry.

Commander: Crap. I really need to apologize to her now...

Dandelion: I bet people around the world would laugh their butts off if I uploaded the recording I just made.

Commander: Please don't do stupid things like that.

Commander: Also, how is that funny?

Dandelion: Watching your pitiful attempt at making jokes is far more interesting than going through Havier's data.

Commander: You're a sick bastard...

Commander: Also, I didn't authorize you to access the data, did I?

Dandelion: Even if you didn't grant me permission, you would have eventually asked me to do it anyway, so I decided to finish my homework ahead of time.

Commander: Honestly... Let me see.

Commander: ...2800 pages?!

Dandelion: Just so.

Dandelion: It would take a human a week or so to finish reading it. With Miss Kalina's help, that would probably have gone down to three days.

Dandelion: But unfortunately, you just made her cry, so without me...I guess you'll just have to slog through the whole thing yourself.

Commander: I'm not sure if a week would be enough...

Commander: When can you finish it?

Dandelion: I already did.

Commander: Well, that's OGAS for you...

Commander: Did you get any useful intel out of it?

Dandelion: These files contain all the data that could be downloaded from the sub base. They contain part of Paradeus' operational logs.

Dandelion: Also...erm... That William fellow seems to be quite interested in S.F. as well.

Dandelion: I assumed you'd be interested in knowing what the enemy is interested in.

Dandelion: Based on that, I've come up with a list of possible high-value targets. I suggest you send some people to scout them out.

Commander: Is this what you meant when you said the AR Team would soon be put to work?

Dandelion: Correct.

Dandelion: Also, S.F. was already fighting Paradeus before we entered the sub base.

Dandelion: I'm quite curious about what happened back then.

Commander: It isn't a good idea to let those S.F. Dolls wander around outside.

Commander: Do these files contain intel about S.F.?

Dandelion: I'll pick out several objectives which can be handled simultaneously. That ought to save you some time.

Dandelion: Elites like the AR Team can complete these missions very quickly.

Commander: The AR Team... I'm still worried about their condition.

Dandelion: Perhaps letting them meet their old friends would be a good way to lift their spirits.

Dandelion: They're not Dolls who'll let themselves stagnate. I don't think you need to worry too much about them.

Commander: I hope you're right.

...The next day, 4am.

In the dorm.

Beep beep beep beep beep...

Beep beep beep beep beep...

Commander: (Groans) Ugh... What time is it?

Commander: Hello?

Kalina: Commander, you've got an incoming comms request.

Kalina: Please report to the Command Room to answer it.

Commander: Who could be calling at this hour...

Kalina: It's Miss Persica.

Commander: Oh, that's right, only she would call at a time like this...

Commander: Hey, Kalina, want to join me at the Command Room?

Kalina: No. Goodbye.

The beeping of the idle tone comes through the phone.

Commander: Ah... She sounds so cold...

Commander: Is she still mad at me?

I struggle into my clothes and stumble into the Command Room.

The screen shows a flashing Call Waiting icon. I sigh, then press the button to take it.

Commander: Persica?

Persica: Good morning, Commander.

Commander: It IS pretty early in the morning, yes...

Commander: Do you always wake up at this time?

Persica: I haven't slept yet. These are my working hours.

Commander: I shouldn't be surprised... After all, scientists aren't quite the same as us normal people.

Persica: I apologize for not getting in touch earlier. I had a lot of things going on too.

Persica: Havier told me you went through a hard battle while I couldn't help you out. Are you alright?

Commander: I wouldn't be talking to you now if I wasn't.

Persica: Indeed...

Persica: Haha... I'm a little nervous, so I don't really know what to say...

Commander: I'm sorry... I couldn't bring M4 back.

Persica: Havier told me...

Persica: I know M4 vanished from the submarine base, and I know the OGAS that was maturing within her neural cloud is now with you.

Commander: And some juvenile Nytos.

Persica: All this came about because of my research, so I need to take action to make amends.

Persica: William has taken too many loved ones away from me...

Persica: I think it's time I took a stand against him.

Commander: We are in agreement on that point.

Persica: Still, I believe M4 is still alive. The Starfish wouldn't have activated for no reason.

Persica: This Dandelion must know something, so I'd like you to let me speak to her.

Commander: Actually... Miss Dandelion isn't under my command, and she isn't bound to obey my orders either.

Commander: Perhaps you could come over and speak to her in person?

Persica: I understand. I'll come over as soon as I can.

Commander: Wait a minute, did Havier agree to let you come here?

Persica: Yeah, he said yes.

Persica: But he said I needed to get your permission, which is why I called you.

Commander: (Groans)

Persica: What's the matter? You don't want me there?

Commander: That damn Havier... So the old fox has already set this all up?

Persica: And if possible, I'd like to bring my entire lab with me.

Persica: You ought to have enough room over there, right?

Commander: Uh...yeah.

Commander: I'll make some space for you.

Commander: In exchange, I want that cup of coffee you promised the first time you gave me a mission.

Commander: It's about time you paid up anyway.

Persica: I didn't expect you to remember.

Persica: ...Alright then, I'll keep my word when the time comes. Look forward to it.

Bremen Suburbs, Germany.

Bremen is an important city within the decontaminated zone in East Germany.

Since WWIII, the government has implemented many policies aimed at preserving the city's diversity and promoting continuous development, which has attracted a large influx of immigrants.

The government initially proposed different schemes to address this issue, but the city's limited resources simply cannot cope with the excess population, so a significant floating population is forced to reside in the refugee camps, struggling to make ends meet.

These refugees displaced from contaminated zones are desperate for land on which to survive, and the local government has clearly underestimated their desperation. Even to this day, many homeless refugees still flock to Bremen to take their chances.

The border entrance is teeming with people.

Not everyone gets to become a resident of Bremen - even a simple shack in the refugee settlement is extremely hard to come by.

All immigrants, refugee or not, have to undergo vigorous vetting procedures just to enter Bremen.

Those who do not carry a travel pass issued by the government will not be allowed to travel to the other side of the quarantine wall, even if they have crossed the quarantine belt.

Angelia: ...

Refugee: ...Oh, sorry for bumping into you.

Angelia: That's alright. Please go ahead.

Refugee: M-May I?

Angelia: Sure.

Angelia: I'm waiting for someone.

Angelia's voice is unusually gentle.

Angelia has been standing at the checkpoint under the scorching sun for 15 minutes, all the while letting people from behind take her place in the queue.

She is dressed like a destitute beggar and wrapped up thoroughly to cover up her ghastly scars.

She does not wish to attract any kind of attention. Fortunately, her appearance is not all that uncommon even in this summer heat.

People in this day and age have all sorts of reasons to obscure their bodies.

Angelia: (...Only two left?)

The queue at the checkpoint is not moving very quickly, but it is moving nonetheless.

The crowd hasn't been deliberately organized, but everything is proceeding in an orderly fashion, which is a sign of competent management.

The people around Ange have come and gone.

Which makes the two men loitering like her all the more conspicuous.

Angelia: (They don't seem to be armed... Are they not taking me seriously?)

Angelia: (Or are firearms just hard to conceal in a place like this?)

Ange raises her arm and knocks on the railings next to her. The clang is drowned out by the bustling crowd and her odd gesture has gone unnoticed.

But the men that she has her eyes on are visibly unnerved by the "signal" that they think she just sent, and their wandering gaze zeros in on her at the same time, even if just for an instant.

Angelia: ...Good morning.

Ange meets their eyes.

The two men flinch and look away at the same time - the worst mistake to make when following someone is to arouse the target's suspicion; that's basic stalking technique, and it is this conditioned reflex that Ange is exploiting.

The moment they shift their gaze, Ange immediately pulls down her hood and ducks into the crowd.

It only takes the blink of an eye for her stalkers to realize their target has disappeared from sight, but for an agent as experienced as Ange, this tiny amount of time is more than enough.

Agent A: Crap!

Realizing their serious blunder, the men waste no time and spring into action immediately.

However, the noisy and tightly-packed crowd poses a challenging obstacle.

Even the well-trained agents cannot pass through them easily.

Agent A: We've lost her!

Agent B: Split up!

Agent B: We've got to find her! Don't let her enter the city!

The Bremen soldiers standing guard at the checkpoint do not seem to have noticed the small commotion.

This is good news for both Ange and her unwelcomed pursuers, since none of them wants the situation to get out of hand.

As if by some kind of tacit agreement, both sides are doing their best to keep a low profile even though tension is running extremely high.

Angelia: (...Which means...)

Angelia: (They're not from the city then?)

That makes sense - if they were from Bremen, they could have waited until she was inside the city.

Ange knows that the entire world is watching her every move, and yet she has put herself in danger once again.

She's just reckless like that.

Agent A: Where the hell did she go...

Agent A: Urk!

One of the agents is searching in the crowd when a pair of powerful arms lock around his neck.

Swifty, silently, and completely oblivious to his assailant's deadly presence, he is overcome almost instantaneously.

Agent A: Hm! Hnng!

Unable to even make a sound, his face flushes like a tomato about to burst. In a few seconds, he loses consciousness and collapses onto the ground.

Child Refugee: ...??

Angelia: ...Hush.

Ange smiles at the gawking child and gestures for him to keep quiet.

The boy, with snot dangling from his nose, turns and runs back to his mother. He keeps looking back at Ange, but his mother simply urges him to keep up with the crowd.

The incident seems to have gone largely unnoticed. Even if there are witnesses, nobody would stop for this.

It does not affect their livelihood, after all.

By the time the other agent realizes that he has lost contact with his colleague, Ange has once again vanished among the flock of refugees.

Agent B: Schneider!

Agent B: Verdammt... This woman is as slippery as an eel!

A sudden thought sends chills running down his spine.

They are meant to be the hunters, but the tables have turned in just a few short minutes.

This is utterly inconceivable to him.

Agent B: I thought she was just some stupid bitch who's dumb enough to come alone.

Agent B: Turns out she's no joke... Scheiße! She's totally toying with us!

Cursing is not going to solve his problem. Right now, it's imperative that he finds this damnable woman from within the crowd.

The traffic is hindering his movements; it shouldn't be any different for her.

He is also an elite who has survived hellish training. He could have easily subdued her if he could just get a little closer...

That is how it should have played out.

Agent B: Hng!

Bam!

The agent finally breaks free from the crowd. Just as he is about to turn the corner...

A punch lands squarely on the bridge of his nose.

Angelia: What a joke. You're too careless. You should always be prepared for your target to counterattack, you know?

Agent B: D-Dammit!

The indignant agent retaliates, but Ange dodges his blow nonchalantly.

Angelia: Who are you? Who sent you?

Agent B: Cut the crap and go to hell!

Ignoring his threat, Ange seizes the opportunity and delivers a heavy blow to the man's face with a crescent kick.

The kick sends his shades flying and knocks the agent down before he can even gasp.

Ange lowers her leg and inspects the man, who is lying in a crumpled pile on the ground. Once she is certain that he is out cold, she lets herself relax a little.

Angelia: Just two? This is too easy.

Agent C: Arms in the air.

Angelia: ...Have I missed something?

Angelia: And here I was just wondering.

Just as Ange is about to stand up, a third man comes out of nowhere and points a pistol straight at her.

Angelia: I thought you didn't think firearms would be necessary.

Agent C: We clearly underestimated you.

Agent C: It would be wise for you to come quietly with me.

Angelia: Really?

Angelia: I believe it would be wise for YOU to just leave quietly.

Ange retorts, completely unperturbed.

Agent C: I don't think so.

???: You will when you wake up.

Agent C: Wha—?!

Thud!

The man takes a blow in the back of his neck. Ange swears she could hear the crack of broken bone.

Without even a chance to pull the trigger, the agent topples over.

Ange looks placidly at her partners, who have approached without a sound.

Angelia: I hope he's not dead.

AN-94: I held back.

RPK-16: Hm, somehow I don't think this gentleman's spine agrees.

RPK-16: Oh, what a shame. He's still breathing.

Angelia: Drag him into the alley back there. Get the other two as well.

RPK-16: What would you have done if we hadn't shown up in time?

RPK-16: Why didn't you let us stay with you? Don't you know it's very dangerous to split up even for just a few minutes?

Angelia: If I were him, I'd have been relieved that you hadn't shown up in time. After all, he wouldn't have had to stay so long in the hospital if I had taken him down myself.

AN-94: Miss Ange wants to eliminate the spies who have been following her before we enter the city, that's why she had to bait them into revealing themselves.

AN-94: They wouldn't have fallen for it if we had been with her.

RPK-16: Not that they're very professional, seeing that they fell for it at all.

RPK-16: I expected more from the Germans.

Angelia: They don't seem to be sent by the government, and they're too weak to be Paradeus.

Angelia: It's probably just some random gang messing about. We shouldn't waste time on such amateurs.

Angelia: Still, we weren't actually followed by that many people, so I suppose our disguises are working pretty well.

RPK-16: Is this why you've split the team up?

AN-94: Though I am a bit puzzled by the grouping...

RPK-16: Oh? Got something against me, dear Antje?

AN-94: ...S-Stop pulling my leg, Renate.

Angelia: I'm asking you to be sisters because it's easier to disguise the two of you as civilians entering the city.

Angelia: This is Germany; we're not here on holiday.

Angelia: We must keep a low profile on this mission.

RPK-16: That's true; those two stick out like sore thumbs even in civilian clothing.

RPK-16: Is that also why you've given us weird-ass names?

Angelia: Are they weird?

Angelia: I think they suit you.

RPK-16: So Miss 94 is "gracious" and I'm "reborn"?

RPK-16: Your way of naming people sure is straightforward.

Angelia: Remember to address each other by your aliases once you're in.

RPK-16: Shouldn't we wait for the two who look like actual sisters?

Angelia: You'll see when we get inside.

With the nuisance taken care of, the reunited trio join the crowd once again and enter the town leading into Bremen.

The quarantine wall towers above the huddling slipshod buildings. Residents of this town sometimes look up and watch as large metal birds soar through the sky, directly across the satellite town and into Bremen.

AN-94: We're through.

AN-94: Where is our informant?

Angelia: We'll meet him after we rendezvous with Lucia and Erwin.

Angelia: Now that we're in Bremen, we should be safe for the time being.

RPK-16: You mean 12 and 15? I just can't get used to these names.

Angelia: You'll get used to them soon enough.

AN-94: This is the first time I've visited East Germany.

AN-94: I didn't expect it to be like this.

Angelia: Getting a sense of novelty?

Angelia: Things aren't really that different from back home.

AN-94: Hm... You're right.

AN-94: Most of the refugees at the checkpoint will only get to live in this satellite town.

Angelia: Even so, it's more than they could hope for.

Angelia: It certainly beats living in fear and being doused in radiation out in the Yellow Zone.

Angelia: It's the same for people everywhere.

RPK-16: I'm surprised you two are in the mood for idle chatter. Don't you think we're standing out a bit too much?

RPK-16: Also, we've been here for a while, but there's no sign of Erwin or Lucia.

RPK-16: Are you sure they actually know where we're meeting up?

Angelia: Yes, they simply haven't arrived.

AN-94: Then maybe we should've waited before coming in?

AN-94: It's a lot of trouble crossing the quarantine belt without your papers, not to mention that they're Dolls.

Angelia: Relax, 94, they'll be fine.

Angelia: Also, it's about time.

AN-94: About time?

Ange glances at her watch.

By then, the trio have made their way to a large open field.

This is a piece of undeveloped land between the quarantine belt and the satellite town.

RPK-16: An open space, but I'm not seeing any paths.

RPK-16: Oh, I know. 12 and 15 are gonna pop out from underground?

Angelia: Guess again.

RPK-16: ...Oh, now I see.

RPK-16 seems to have come to some kind of realization.

RPK-16: No wonder you put them on the same team.

AN-94: W-What do you mean?

Angelia: There they are.

Ange looks up in the other direction.

A freighter plane is approaching Bremen from the horizon.

In their field of vision, the small black dot gradually grows into a rumbling aircraft.

Its silhouette blocks out the sunlight. Ange gazes at it with squinted eyes.

The plane becomes larger and larger as it descends, until they can clearly see the landing gear being lowered.

Ange keeps staring wordlessly at the sky.

All of a sudden, a small object is ejected from the rear of the plane. The object enlarges rapidly and it soon becomes apparent that it's a crate about the size of a car.

With a loud, dull clang, the crate lands heavily not far from Ange.

The empty weedy field now sports an additional crater.

Angelia: They've arrived.

AN-94: Huh?

Ange walks up to the crate and disengages the locking mechanism.

The crate opens on the side and two white-haired Dolls roll out from within.

AN-94: 12...Lucia, are you alright?

AK-12: My head...felt like it was going to come right off.

Angelia: The landing site is only off by 4.75m. The delivery crew is really professional.

RPK-16: So this is how you made it across the border.

RPK-16: Hahahaha... I'm sorry, but this is hilarious.

RPK-16: I can't believe you actually agreed to this. What obliging subordinates you are.

AK-15: ...It is efficient.

AK-12: I don't mind being cooped up in a crate for hours.

AK-12: But at least equip the crate with a parachute for the landing, for goodness sake.

Angelia: We can't have anyone snapping pictures of it. Besides, you're the one who came up with this plan·

Angelia: "AK-15 and I have no chance of slipping in unnoticed."

Angelia: "So rather than crossing the border on foot, it's better if we go by plane."

Angelia: That's what you said.

AK-12: This wasn't exactly how I planned to disembark from the plane.

Angelia: It worked out just fine in the end.

Angelia: Your weapons and comms equipment all survived the fall, right?

AK-15: We stashed them in the buffer container before setting off. They appear to be undamaged, but I will double-check.

RPK-16: It couldn't have been easy to smuggle you aboard a plane even if you're in a crate.

RPK-16: So who was the kind benefactor that made such arrangements for us?

RPK-16: Since everybody is present, isn't it about time you spilled the beans?

Angelia: Do I really have to spell it out?

RPK-16: Oh? I honestly don't remember meeting anyone with such influence.

...

Inside the quarantine wall.

RPK-16: I honestly don't remember meeting anyone with such influence.

K: What's going on?

K: Am I to be greeted by an insult on arrival?

The person here to pick up Angelia and co. is none other than K, who returned to his home country after concluding his intelligence mission at the submarine base.

It is also thanks to K that Ange carries a travel pass issued by the East German government.

Angelia: Cut the crap.

Angelia: How are the preparations?

K: The safe house is ready, and I've sorted out your fake IDs.

K: Still, I've never met someone who's so damn brazen when asking for a favor...

Angelia: Right now, there are enough people who want to do me favors to form a queue from here all the way to St. Petersburg.

Angelia: Not to mention you owe me one.

K: What a pain in the ass. And here I thought we were allies.

Angelia: That was in the past.

Angelia: We've agreed that the East German government won't meddle in our operations.

Angelia: That naturally means that you should also keep your nose out of our business.

K: I know, but I have my own obligations.

K: On a personal level, I don't mind helping you, but this is Germany, and I'm in charge of national security here.

K: It is my duty—and well within my right—to know what you're up to.

Angelia: Humph... Surely you could guess even if I didn't say anything?

Angelia: My objective here is no big secret.

K: "Investigate Paradeus." We have a common objective.

K: Since we've already been conducting the investigation for a while, your best option would be to collaborate with us.

Angelia: I don't need any collaborators. What if you're also working for William?

K: If I were, you wouldn't have left the submarine base alive.

K: C'mon, don't be so belligerent at our reunion. Let me introduce you to some new friends.

K leads Ange and her Dolls through the wall into Bremen proper.

A black sedan is parked on one side of the road. It seems to have been waiting for a while.

By the car stands a charming-looking woman. She waves warmly at K and his guests.

???: Oh, over here!

Angelia: That's one of your so-called new friends?

K: I'm sure you'll get along just fine.

???: It's been a while, Herr Schwaben.

???: Thank you for your work in Paldiski.

K: Just doing my job.

K: Here, introductions are in order. This is Angelia.

???: Oh hello, Frau Angelia! Fancy some candy?

The woman fishes out a packet of candy from her handbag and passes one to Ange.

Ange accepts the candy but seems to have no intention of eating it.

Morridow: I am Morridow Voigt, Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary.

Morridow: Just call me Morridow.

Angelia: ...Ulrich?

Angelia: THE Ulrich in Belgrade?

K: Yes, the very same.

Angelia: What has this got to do with her?

K: To put it simply, her assistance was indispensable in getting you here.

K: Before we bring you to the safe house, you have to meet her.

K: It is her request.

Morridow: Precisely. Please get in, Frau Ange.

Morridow: No need to be afraid, it will be just a simple meeting!

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Your car doesn't look big enough for all of us.

Morridow: Herr K will escort all your Dolls to the safe house first.

Morridow: The Chairwoman only has business with you.

Angelia: I see.

Angelia: Renate, go with Erwin and Antje.

Angelia: Lucia, get in the car.

Morridow: Huh? The Chairwoman would only like to...

AK-12: I'm coming, end of story. Let's be friends, Miss Morridow.

Morridow: ...I understand.

Morridow: Then if you'd please.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Bremen City Hall, Germany.

The black sedan slowly comes to a stop at a reserved parking spot. The woman dressed as a secretary gets out first and hurries to open the door for her passengers in the back seat.

But before she can do that, they have already disembarked on their own.

Angelia: ...

AK-12: Have you had dealings with this Chairwoman Ulrich before?

Angelia: No, I've never even met her.

Angelia: But I've heard about what she did in Belgrade.

Angelia: Including the things she went through with the Commander.

AK-12: Do you think she can be trusted?

Angelia: I will reserve my judgment. But we have free rein here only because she's given us the green light.

Angelia: I really can't draw any conclusions until I actually meet her.

AK-12: I see~

Morridow: Frau Ange, this way please!

AK-12: How attentive of you, Miss Secretary. It must be tough doing this kind of work.

Morridow: Not at all... I love my work.

Morridow: I have always aspired to serve Frau Ulrich and contribute to her cause, no matter how insignificant my contribution may be.

Morridow: I firmly believe that her ideology will guide mankind onto the right path as we struggle to survive in this hostile world.

Morridow: I am happy to tend to the frivolities behind the scenes, and I freely admit that I'm merely parroting her views.

Angelia: Sounds like you have a lot of respect for your employer.

Morridow: My employer is my country; Frau Ulrich is simply my superior.

Morridow: Still, I feel extremely lucky to be given the opportunity to work under her. She is truly deserving of respect.

AK-12: How surprising.

AK-12: I've been working with Angelia for such a long time I've almost forgotten there are actually good people in the world.

Angelia: Watch your tongue while we're in there.

Angelia: I don't want to get kicked out before we can even start doing our job.

...

Knock knock.

Morridow: Frau Ulrich, it's me.

Morridow: Frau Angelia is here.

Ulrich: Please come in.

...

Ulrich: ...Frau Angelia, it's a pleasure.

Angelia: Hello, just call me Ange.

Ulrich: And this must be AK-12.

Ulrich: I have heard much about you. You are considered quite the exceptional paragon even among Tactical Dolls.

AK-12: Hahahaha, you are incredibly forthright.

AK-12: But you might want to call me Lucia for now.

Ulrich: Lucia?

Angelia: That's her alias while we're operating in Germany.

Ulrich: I see. So the Wolf Pack is also here.

Morridow: A-Apologies, Frau Ulrich...

Morridow: I did say Frau Ange was the only one you wanted to see...

Ulrich: No need to apologize. Frau Ange is in a very precarious situation; her caution is totally understandable.

Ulrich: Not to mention I am a complete stranger.

Angelia: Thank you for your understanding and support.

Ulrich: It is simply a mutually-beneficial arrangement, Frau Ange.

Ulrich: We also have much to gain from your operation.

Ulrich: We have every reason to see to your success.

Angelia: So what do you want with me?

Angelia: Frankly speaking, I sneaked into Bremen through border security as a legitimate refugee.

Angelia: I'm in no state to be talking to you in a place like this.

Angelia: I don't mind making this trip, but I claim no responsibility for soiling your pristine office.

Ulrich: Please forgive me. I understand you are unhappy that you've been brought here against your wishes.

Ulrich: I should have gone and welcomed you in person.

Ulrich: However, I'm afraid I am not currently in the position to do that.

Ulrich: As you surely know, right now this office is being watched very closely.

Angelia: ...Because of what happened at the submarine base.

Ulrich: As a key participant of that operation, I believe your superior must have sent you here to share some information with us?

Angelia: Unfortunately, I no longer have a superior.

Ulrich: Which is why you're the one standing in my office and not anyone else.

Angelia: You should know that I don't give away intelligence for free.

Angelia: There is also something I want. This collaboration can only proceed if I get something of equal value in return.

Ulrich: That's alright, I did not expect you to divulge anything today.

Ulrich: I simply wanted to have a chat with you in person out of common courtesy.

Angelia: You have achieved your goal even if we talk about nothing. You just needed me to sit here for several minutes.

Ulrich: After all, a lot of eyes are on you.

Ulrich: I ask for your understanding. Think of it as a politician's customary tactic.

Angelia: I only agreed to come because the Commander thinks pretty highly of you.

Angelia: If you truly live up to your reputation, then surely you cannot abide by William's crimes?

Ulrich: Naturally.

Angelia: Alright, I hope you'll prove that through your actions.

Ulrich: I will give you whatever assistance I am in the position to give.

Angelia: In exchange, I will provide you with intelligence once my objective is completed.

Ulrich: Wonderful.

Ulrich: But even if you didn't, I would still help you.

Angelia: Why?

Ulrich: There are far too few kind-hearted people in the world.

Ulrich: No matter how hard you try to feign indifference, you cannot really hide your true nature.

Ulrich: You and the commander that saved me both strike me as the rare sort of people who still possess kindness.

Ulrich: It is my belief that the world will be a better place with more people like you.

Ulrich: Our mission isn't to catch one or two bad guys, but to change this evil-infested world and remake the rules that govern it.

Angelia: "A shining beacon in a brave new world"...eh?

Angelia: But I must warn you—it does take power to change the world, but power that's beyond your control will eventually be your demise.

Angelia: I hope you will not repeat my country's mistake.

Ulrich: I will remember your counsel.

Angelia: Now I can see why you were sent to Belgrade.

Ulrich: I'm flattered.

Ulrich: Morridow, escort Frau Ange to her residence.

Morridow: Uh... Right! Understood!

Ulrich: Oh... One more thing.

Knock knock.

Ulrich: Come in, please.

???: ...Ma'am.

A man of imposing stature enters the office.

???: Anything I can do for you, Madam Chairwoman?

Ulrich: Angelia, Herr Hopps will be in charge of your safety during your time in Bremen.

Angelia: I won't run away.

Ulrich: This really is just for the sake of your personal safety.

AK-12: Hahahaha, you Germans have such a great sense of humor!

Hopps: ...I am Hopps, Protection Officer.

Ulrich: Hopps is a retired GSG 9 officer and has been working for me for almost a year.

Ulrich: He has seen real combat and is very dependable; you can count on him.

Ulrich: In terms of performance in combat, he obviously can't compare with your Dolls.

Ulrich: But it's better to let a human handle things in the city.

Ulrich: Also, feel free to entrust Morridow with other errands.

Ulrich: I know it is rather difficult for you to navigate our city, where everything is new and unfamiliar.

Morridow: At your service!

Ulrich: She knows the city very well and will be able to help you in all kinds of matters.

AK-12: She does sound pretty useful, Ange.

Angelia: Alright.

Ulrich: In that case, I wish you a happy and fruitful time in Bremen.

Angelia: Thanks.

Angelia: And please bear with us if we cause any trouble.

Ulrich: ...I'll keep that in mind.

...

Morridow: Frau Ange, allow me to escort you to the safe house.

Morridow: Herr Hopps, are you coming with us?

Hopps: ...My mission is to ensure Frau Ange's personal safety while she is out and about in Bremen.

Hopps: At the same time, I have been asked to keep out of her way in day-to-day life.

Angelia: How very thoughtful of the chairwoman... So are you coming or not?

Hopps: If you'll allow me to accompany you.

Angelia: Lucia, get in the car.

...

A few minutes later, at the temporary outpost prepared by Ulrich.

Morridow: It's a bit messy, but it is definitely secure.

Morridow: Hopps and I will be waiting outside. Please call us if you need anything.

With that, Morridow leaves the briefing room and closes the door behind her.

AN-94: Ange.

Angelia: Hm...

Angelia: Where's K?

AN-94: Mr. K left shortly after he had brought us here.

AN-94: He seemed to have other important matters to attend to.

AK-15: ...How did the discussion go?

Angelia: There wasn't really much of a discussion.

Angelia: This is only day one; we'll be here for a long time.

AK-12: I do hope it will go smoothly.

AK-12: Unfortunately, from what I can tell, some things are beyond even the chairwoman's control.

Angelia: Ulrich isn't the chancellor of Germany. Just be happy that she genuinely wants to help.

Angelia: According to my sources, quite a lot of people have opposing views even in Bremen alone.

Angelia: Governments are never as cohesive as they make themselves out to be.

AK-12: People are the same everywhere, eh?

Angelia: If pointless strife is reduced by even 10%, the world will become a paradise.

Angelia: In any case, we have more immediate things to worry about. Don't forget why we've come all this way to Germany.

AK-15: How should we proceed?

Angelia: Now that we have a way of navigating the city, we can focus on the operation.

Angelia: William... Havier's intelligence indicates that he is in Bremen, but that still leaves us with a lot of ground to search.

Angelia: This is a very cunning man. Evidence of his activities is detected only after he's long gone, and he always keeps his plans well-concealed.

RPK-16: But you've already got a plan?

Angelia: We don't have nearly enough clues to work with, but it's better than nothing.

Angelia: At least we can now be certain that we're at an important location, and this is where we will find that weasel.

RPK-16: Right... So we've got to drag the weasel out by his tail.

AK-12: That sounds very comedic coming from you.

AN-94: Should we start searching?

Angelia: No need to be hasty. We aren't the only ones who want a piece of the action.

Angelia: Right now, all we need to do is sit tight and wait.

In the Griffin Command Room.

Commander: ...

Dandelion: Something on your mind?

Commander: ...No, it's nothing.

Commander: I was just thinking about what Havier wants us to do next.

Dandelion: It seems you also feel the requests he's made don't match up to the help he's given.

Commander: I can't be sure, but one thing I've learned after going through so much...

Commander: ...is that there's no such thing as being too cautious.

Dandelion: I would also advise against placing too much trust in him.

Dandelion: For all we know, you might be nothing more than a valuable tool in his eyes.

Dandelion: However righteous and earnest he may have sounded earlier, the fact is that we know too little about the big picture.

Dandelion: You should take advantage of this opportunity to trade the intel we obtain for genuinely useful things.

Commander: Got it.

Commander: Oh yes, are you serious about going on missions with the AR Team?

Dandelion: There's no simpler or better way to collect information than directly interfacing with Paradeus.

Dandelion: Or are you worried that I'll vanish without saying a word after leaving the base?

Commander: I couldn't stop you if you truly wanted to go.

Commander: However, if you did that, you wouldn't have anyone to help you look for M4.

Dandelion: But of course.

Dandelion: What else do you dislike about the arrangement?

Commander: How shall I put this...? You say there's no need to worry about those Dolls.

Commander: But in my experience, whenever one of their members takes a temporary leave of absence...

Commander: The rest of the AR Team usually falls into depression.

Dandelion: You're worried RO and the others won't be able to get over M4's departure?

Commander: It's just a possibility.

Commander: We both know how much M4 means to the AR Team.

Dandelion: I'm more like them, compared to normal Dolls.

Dandelion: I will take good care of them in place of their original team leader.

Commander: Please don't say that in front of them...

Dandelion: I was just kidding. I know what I ought to do.

Commander: There's one more thing, actually.

Commander: Dandelion, put this coat on.

Dandelion: Isn't this your uniform coat?

Commander: You stand out too much as you are now.

Commander: You can make yourself invisible to Dolls, but that trick won't work on normal human beings.

Commander: With this, you'll look like a normal Griffin employee...more or less.

Commander: I don't have a spare one to give you at the moment, so just wear mine for the time being.

Dandelion: How considerate of you.

Commander: I can hear the sarcasm.

Commander: You'll just have to make do with this for now until Kalina gets some new clothes in.

There is a knock on the door. A shadow looms outside the frosted glass pane on the door.

RO635: Commander, may I come in?

Commander: Please, enter.

The door is kicked open with a loud bang.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, look! RO looks super awesome now!

M4 SOPMOD II: —Ehhhh?! What's Dandelion doing here?!

Commander: She will be going on missions with you.

M4 SOPMOD II: —Ehhhhhhhhh! And why is she wearing your coat, Commander?

Dandelion: The Commander lent it to me for the time being. Envious?

M4 SOPMOD II: Well...yes, yes I am!

M4 SOPMOD II: I wanna wear it too! How come only Dandelion gets it?! It's not fair, Commander!

ST AR-15: Would you mind not oohing and aahing at every little thing you see? We're here for a mission briefing, not to fool around.

RO635: Alright, alright, the Commander must have given it to Dandelion because he didn't want her to stand out too much.

RO635: So I gather all the Dolls present will be going on this mission?

Commander: Yes. We're short on personnel, so I'd like to group up all the Dolls who are still capable of independent action and send you on missions.

ST AR-15: Then is SHE coming as well?

Everyone looks to the corner where AR-15 is pointing.

A shark mascot costume pressed up against the corner of the wall is looking towards us.

???: Woo wee! Someone finally noticed me! I was starting to wonder if I'd become a ghost!

M4 SOPMOD II: Holy crap, it speaks!

M4 SOPMOD II: I thought it was a new decoration in the Commander's office!

RO635: I thought it was just a prop myself... How careless of me, I didn't sense the presence of S.F.

ST AR-15: I wish I hadn't noticed her.

ST AR-15: For some reason, I have the feeling that talking to her is going to make things extremely complicated.

M4 SOPMOD II: But shark mascots are cute!

M4 SOPMOD II: They make me want to RIP THEM IN HALF!

???: Okay, okay, I got it!

???: Don't rip me in half!

???: I'm taking it off!

Architect: Good grief, none of you have any sense of humor. I curse you all to go bald!

M4 SOPMOD II: Grawr!

Architect: Uwah!

After seeing the room liven up, the Commander turns to Dandelion.

Commander: Well? How do you think they're faring?

Dandelion: Better than I expected. At the very least they don't seem to be showing any signs of abnormal behavior.

Dandelion: But they're Dolls. You know what I mean.

ST AR-15: ...The way she keeps whispering into the Commander's ear is really annoying.

ST AR-15: Commander, do we have a new mission?

Commander: Mm, yes.

Commander: Although the original plan was to rest and recuperate, something's come up.

Commander: I've got an assignment which I'd like you to complete.

RO635: You're too kind. This is our job.

RO635: Rather, I'm more concerned about...

RO glances at Architect.

RO635: What she is doing here.

RO635: Did she barge into your office by herself?

RO635: If need be, we can discipline her for you later on.

Architect: Ehhh?!

Architect: But the Commander called me up here!

Commander: She blended in so well that I forgot she existed for a moment...

Architect: How could you...

Commander: So, Dandelion is not the only one going on this mission with you.

Commander: Architect will also be coming along to assist you.

ST AR-15: Dandelion is one thing...

ST AR-15: But I can't accept HER as a new team member.

M4 SOPMOD II: Grawr!

Architect: Uwaaaahh! She's doing it again!

Architect: Stay away from me!

Commander: Please hear me out.

Commander: RO, I should have sent you the mission plan.

Commander: Have you read it?

RO635: Yes, I have.

RO635: We are to proceed to a target destination and scout it out, then recover all suspicious items that we find.

Commander: This is a request from Havier.

Commander: He said you'll know what to bring back when you get there.

ST AR-15: Sure is a vague mission.

Commander: In addition to his request, there's also a half-wrecked Sangvis plant in the region.

Commander: After completing Havier's request, head over there and investigate it.

ST AR-15: So what does this have to do with HER?

Commander: That used to be the sector under Architect's command.

Commander: Also, we've received reports about it.

Commander: It seems someone spotted the Sangvis Ringleader "Gager" over there.

Commander: If conditions permit, use Architect as bait to capture Gager.

Commander: One of our current goals is to capture elite Sangvis Dolls; they have lots of information we need to extract from their neural clouds.

Architect: That's how it is. Sorry for the intrusion, dear members of the AR Team.

Architect: Just so happens I'm an irreplaceable, vital character this time round, so let's get along~

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, if we only need her as bait, why don't we just chop her head off and bring it along?

M4 SOPMOD II: S.F. Dolls work fine with just their heads, right?

Architect: Wait, what are you doing?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry, it won't hurt a bit, it'll be over in a moment.

Architect: Stay away from meeeeeeeeeee!

Architect: Don't just stand there, Commander!

Commander: (Sighs) Alright, enough fooling around in the office. Run along and finish the mission. The sooner you finish, the sooner you can come back.

RO635: Yes, we'll head out right away.

ST AR-15: Don't embarrass us in front of the Commander. Hurry on over to the garage.

M4 SOPMOD II: Aw... What a shame. Tell you what, I'll chop your head off the next time we go on a mission, okay?

Architect: There won't BE a next time!
Part 2

2

On the way to the mission objective.

ST AR-15: ...It just feels weird.

RO635: You've held it in for half the trip already, did you really have to bring it up now?

ST AR-15: But it DOES feel weird.

ST AR-15: Why do we have to work with S.F.?

ST AR-15: Is there no other way to catch Gager?

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't you think it's fun? This is my first time working with S.F. on a mission from the Commander. It's kinda fresh!

Architect: Ah, while the lot of you seem really put upon because of me...

Architect: Don't you think I'm the one who's in the most danger here?!

M4 SOPMOD II: I only held back in the office because the Commander stopped me.

M4 SOPMOD II: But since we're outside now, if you do anything you shouldn't, then I'll... hehehehehehe~

Architect: Eeeeep!

Architect: Are you SURE you told her I'm not an enemy anymore?!

Dandelion: The Commander only said we were to use you as bait to capture Gager. I didn't hear anything about bringing you back.

Dandelion: So...you catch my drift?

Architect: Ahhhh! I'm going to jump off the chopper! Right now!

RO635: Alright, that's enough. Since the Commander gave such an order, there must be a good reason for it.

RO635: All we need to do is carry it out.

ST AR-15: It's not like I'm doubting the Commander either...

ST AR-15: It's just that I don't understand WHY we have to do this.

Architect: Oh? Well, about that.

Architect: It's fairly straightforward.

Architect: I volunteered for the mission.

ST AR-15: ...You volunteered?

Architect: Is it that strange?

Architect: I heard that my lady knight was in trouble.

Architect: Plus, this was my former turf.

Architect: Since everything added up, your Commander had no reason to refuse me.

ST AR-15: Oh, you want reasons? I've got a whole bunch of them.

ST AR-15: Let's start with the simplest one - "trust".

Architect: But the Commander didn't say no.

Architect: Maybe your Commander trusts me over you?

RO635: I'm not interested in your crude provocations.

RO635: But if SOP-II gets mad, she might end up doing things to you, so you'd best watch your words.

Architect: Erm...er... Then pretend I never said anything.

RO635: Also... The Commander has definitely thought this through.

RO635: Our intel only mentioned that Gager MIGHT be in the area, but that info isn't verified.

RO635: However, if we bring her along, I'm sure Gager won't be able to restrain herself and show up.

RO635: Assuming she's actually there, of course.

ST AR-15: Now isn't that a simple and direct mission plan? The hook is straight and even the bait is nice and fragrant.

ST AR-15: You'd best be as obedient as you say you are.

Architect: Relax, all I want is to take a look around the place after spending so long away from it.

Architect: If I were so loyal to S.F., surely I would have done something by now, don't you think?

Architect: Do I look like someone who's willing to die for the cause?

RO635: I don't care what kind of person you are.

RO635: I only trust what I can see.

ST AR-15: Speaking of "what you can see"...

ST AR-15: Is that a residential district up ahead?

Dandelion: It would seem we have arrived at the destination that the Commander gave us.

RO635: ...What's this?

RO635: Is this a village?

RO635: No...

RO635: Something's not right.

...

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: ...

Architect: Well, isn't this a slaughterhouse.

Architect: Looks like these people have been dead for a while.

ST AR-15: No life signs detected.

ST AR-15: ...I guess something bad happened to this village. The only things still moving around here are a few ELIDs.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO... What happened here?

RO635: You ask me, but...

RO635: This doesn't look like an ELID attack.

Dandelion: The corpses' dermal layers show signs of rapid silicification, probably due to Collapse radiation exposure.

Dandelion: But radiation levels here are far from being lethal.

RO635: Or at least they aren't right now.

RO635: 15, did you find anything?

ST AR-15: Nothing out of the ordinary... Wait a minute.

ST AR-15: What's this?

M4 SOPMOD II: A crate? Oooh, a special-looking crate!

Dandelion: It doesn't look like it came from around here.

RO635: It looks very expensive, but why would someone just dump it by the side of the road...?

RO635: Do you recognize the logo on it?

ST AR-15: Nope, never seen it before.

RO635: I'll record it for now. We'll stick to the plan and scout the entire area before reporting back.

An hour later.

RO635: Commander, do you read me?

RO635: This is our regularly-scheduled check-in.

Commander: I copy. Any progress?

RO635: Yes, Commander.

RO635: We've finished scouting the location indicated by your coordinates.

RO635: It looks like a human settlement.

Commander: Did you find anyone suspicious?

RO635: No, everyone here is dead.

RO635: The situation here is somewhat similar to Tallinn.

Commander: Dammit...

Commander: Havier must have a reason for making us check this place. Did you find anything?

RO635: We did some initial investigations and found several strange crates.

Commander: That's...

ST AR-15: Do you recognize them?

Commander: ...No, I don't.

Commander: But the writing on them is German.

RO635: So you're saying these crates were sent here from Germany?

Commander: Dandelion, can you learn anything from them?

Dandelion: They simply say that they are civilian supply crates, without any other information.

Dandelion: By the looks of things, these containers were left here before someone opened them up and removed the contents.

ST AR-15: What was inside them?

RO635: We can't tell from the containers, but I have the feeling that it's definitely linked to the deaths of these villagers.

Dandelion: I've uploaded the images, though I couldn't find anything regarding them on the Griffin servers.

Dandelion: However, I feel that this is enough for that gentleman to mount an investigation of his own.

Commander: I'll report the discovery of these crates to Havier.

Commander: Since the situation is similar to Tallinn, then this must have something to do with William.

Commander: Hand the crates over to the aircrew. Do a sweep of the region and look for more clues.

RO635: Understood.

RO635: But this may delay the Sangvis plant mission.

RO635: Do you wish to extend the mission duration, Commander?

ST AR-15: No need for that.

ST AR-15: I'll stay behind and check this place out. You guys should just stick to the plan and move on to the next objective.

Dandelion: I will stay and investigate with her.

Dandelion: The situation here somewhat bothers me.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Is this alright?

Dandelion: Right now, Sangvis Ferri are just a disorganized rabble. You should be enough to deal with them.

Dandelion: Besides, you've got a millstone around your necks too, don't you?

Everyone looks at Architect, who's spacing out while staring at the sky.

RO635: Are you sure?

RO635: You aren't armed, and your electronic hacking will be useless against the Infected.

Dandelion: I am fully confident in AR-15's ability to protect me.

ST AR-15: Well, I don't want to protect you.

ST AR-15: Also, do you even need protection?

Dandelion: Compared to a Doll who only knows how to shoot, it would be more efficient for me to perform intelligence-gathering tasks.

Dandelion: Since we've taken the trouble to come all the way here, I trust none of us wants to go back empty-handed.

Commander: What Dandelion says makes sense. There must be some clues here which we haven't discovered yet. They will be very important for future operations.

RO635: Understood. In that case, you and Dandelion should stay here and continue the investigation.

RO635: Catch up with us immediately once you're done.

Dandelion: Looks like we have our orders.

ST AR-15: ...Acknowledged.
Part 3

3

ST AR-15: Dammit...

ST AR-15: There's nobody alive in the other village either.

Dandelion: You look like you're searching for survivors.

Dandelion: I believe I've already told you that there are no vital signs in this region.

ST AR-15: I know that.

ST AR-15: But you might have missed something...

Dandelion: Tragedies are always born of necessities.

Dandelion: Let's go. There's nothing else worth looking at here.

ST AR-15 marches on silently with Dandelion following from behind.

Dandelion: For some reason, this reminds me of what happened on a certain snowy day.

ST AR-15: Do you HAVE to bring up the past at a time like this?

Dandelion: And here I thought you missed our time alone together.

Dandelion: Unfortunately, I cannot speak to you through Lunasia right now.

ST AR-15: That's the last thing I want to remember.

Dandelion: You never asked me what happened to Lunasia in the end.

Dandelion: I even thought you no longer cared about her.

Dandelion: Right now, you look like a sick little kitten that can't even muster up the strength to open her eyes.

ST AR-15: So what?

ST AR-15: If you want to make fun of me, I'd suggest you abandon all thoughts of that.

Dandelion: That was not my intention.

Dandelion: At least, your present self no longer holds that sort of value.

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

Dandelion: I often contemplate the final stage of Doll evolution.

Dandelion: But no matter what, a factor that precipitates evolution is necessary to reach such a state.

Dandelion: Which is why I wonder if a Doll that lacks independence like yourself possesses the potential for such evolution.

ST AR-15: ...What the hell are you saying? I didn't understand a single word of that.

ST AR-15: It sounds like you're trying to pick a fight, but I'm not going to give you the satisfaction.

Dandelion: I am simply saying what comes to mind. After all, I've gained an understanding of the AR Team after my time with you.

Dandelion: SOP-II's neural cloud is quite special among Dolls, and RO's is extremely resilient.

Dandelion: When you think about it, you're the only one who's prone to sentimentality.

ST AR-15: Sentimentality? You're calling me sentimental?

ST AR-15 grinds to a halt, and Dandelion stops in her tracks behind her.

ST AR-15: What the hell are you trying to say?

ST AR-15: If you've got a problem with me, then spit it out, right here and right now.

Dandelion: Don't you feel that right now, you're like a little girl having a sulking fit because she lost a cherished toy?

ST AR-15: M4 is NOT a toy and I am NOT sulking.

Dandelion: So you DO know what I'm getting at.

ST AR-15: You brought up the past out of nowhere and made a point of mentioning M4. Only an idiot wouldn't know what you're trying to say.

ST AR-15: But just because I get your meaning doesn't mean I want to be bothered with pointless crap like this, especially since you're the one bringing it up.

Dandelion: I am simply worried that you will let your emotions cloud your judgment.

ST AR-15: So should I thank you for this pointless lecture?

Dandelion: The more you act like this, the more you prove that you are insufficiently calm.

Dandelion: Furthermore, it also means my fears about you are justified.

ST AR-15: You think I can't carry out the mission in my current state?

Dandelion: ...I never said that.

Dandelion: However, if you have any doubts, I do not want you to keep them buried in your heart.

Dandelion: Hidden problems are harder to handle than a simple emotional outburst.

ST AR-15: "Hidden problems", you say?

ST AR-15: I see, so you think of me as a "hidden problem".

ST AR-15: That's why you've been staring at me all this time like a stalker.

Dandelion: I thought we had come to a consensus on this.

ST AR-15: Can't you tell how I feel just by looking into my neural cloud?

ST AR-15: Do you HAVE to put me through this farce of making me say it personally?

Dandelion: I won't do that, because I promised Lunasia that I would take care of all of you.

Dandelion: If she were in my place, she would be equally concerned about you.

ST AR-15: You don't need to pretend to be M4.

Dandelion: You don't need to pretend that you're fine either.

ST AR-15: ...Humph.

ST AR-15: Frankly speaking, I don't trust you in the least.

ST AR-15: But if M4 thinks you're not an enemy, then I'm going to consider you an aide for the moment.

ST AR-15: Don't get me wrong, though. I haven't acknowledged you as one of us yet.

ST AR-15: And you'd better not expect me to treat you the way I treat M4.

ST AR-15: Not even if you look like her or come from the same neural cloud.

ST AR-15: To me, M4 is M4, and nobody can take her place.

ST AR-15: I can endure anything if it means I can find her again.

ST AR-15: So put your attention where it should be, because if you miss out on an important clue while you're worrying about something so pointless...

ST AR-15: I promise you - I'll make you regret spouting all that nonsense.

Dandelion: ...To be honest, I'm quite surprised.

Dandelion: You're stronger than I thought.

ST AR-15: Think what you want, I don't care.

Dandelion: While all of Persica's Dolls have their own quirks, you are all fundamentally the same.

Dandelion: Unfortunately, I am no exception to that.

ST AR-15: Can we end this pointless conversation and focus on the mission?

Dandelion: I am glad to be of service.

ST AR-15: We've got a pile of corpses here too. Can you glean anything from them?

Dandelion: There's no doubt they died of radiation poisoning.

Dandelion: The question is...where did that radiation come from?

ST AR-15: These people lived here, which means that the radiation levels here weren't fatal.

ST AR-15: Our scans told us as much.

Dandelion: So it was a brief radiation spike...

Dandelion: Doesn't that sound familiar?

ST AR-15: I found something even more familiar.

ST AR-15: Recognize these?

Dandelion: White flower petals.

ST AR-15: They're all over the place.

Dandelion: This region is on the Green Zone's border.

Dandelion: Do you know what this means?

ST AR-15: I don't know. You tell me.

Dandelion: It means that William's ambitions are becoming increasingly unbridled.

Dandelion: The scope of his experiments are broader than we knew. He must be planning a larger scheme.

ST AR-15: ...William.

ST AR-15: It's always that damn guy.

Dandelion: Shhh.

Dandelion: Someone's coming.

A set of quiet footsteps approaches.

ST AR-15 turns to the side and a Strelet suddenly comes into view.

ST AR-15: ...Paradeus?!

Dandelion: Go. Draw their attention, just like before.

ST AR-15: What do you have in mind?

Dandelion: The same old trick, of course. I'm going to dig more information out of their nearly-decayed brains.

Fully armed and equipped, ST AR-15 holds the upper hand in the ensuing battle and easily defeats the opposition.

These familiar enemies now lie before her, but for some reason the sight sends a chill down her spine.

ST AR-15: They're all dead.

ST AR-15: ...But what is Paradeus doing here?

Dandelion: These are freshly made Paradeus units.

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

Dandelion: From their neural records, these white soldiers used to be local residents not long ago.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: That's certainly not something I expected to see.

Dandelion: There's an automated machine in the center of the village and a few autonomous first-gen Dolls. My guess is that Paradeus is using them to turn the corpses into Strelets.

Dandelion: Note these coordinates so the Commander can send someone to recover this equipment.

ST AR-15: It's nothing but blood and human body parts everywhere.

ST AR-15: ...Just looking at it makes me want to throw up.

Dandelion: Fortunately, Dolls can't throw up.

Dandelion: I can't say the same for the Commander, though. Remember to submit your visual logs as well.

ST AR-15: Tsk... Every single word that comes out of you pisses me off.

Dandelion: I humbly accept your praise for my linguistics systems.

Dandelion: Alright, there's nothing else worth investigating here.

ST AR-15: This mission wasn't as simple as I expected...

Dandelion: Since when have you ever been given simple missions?

ST AR-15: Humph...

ST AR-15: Let's hurry and catch up with RO and the others. I don't want to stay here any longer than I have to.
Part 4

4

Architect: Ah, I never thought I'd come back here again. Sure brings back memories.

M4 SOPMOD II: The only things here are a beat-up old base and a bunch of broken-down cannons. What's there to be nostalgic about?

Architect: Well, this used to be my place, after all.

RO635: The area wasn't this run-down the last time we came on a mission, was it?

RO635: I suppose I should be glad to see a former enemy in this sorry state, but somehow I'm having mixed feelings.

RO635: I mean, even the walls are in ruins. It all looks pretty desolate.

Architect: Hey, don't look at me like that!

Architect: This was all thanks to Griffin!

RO635: Just waxing sentimental.

RO635: To think that Sangvis Ferri, who used to be a thorn in our side, was reduced to nothing just like that...

RO635: I guess change is the only constant in this world, as they say.

RO635: How do you feel about seeing your former territory in this state?

Architect: Eh, I'm not that bothered, honestly...

Architect: I left shortly after I was stationed here.

Architect: Also, managing all those units was super tiring, I definitely didn't miss that part.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! Look! I picked up something neat!

RO635: ...Stop adding to the number of Dinergates in the base! Put that back!

Architect: Speaking of which, I've been leading the way for you this whole time.

Architect: So would you mind placing just a teensy bit of trust in me?

Architect: You could start by loosening the rope around my neck, how about that?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahahahahaha!

M4 SOPMOD II: No!

SOP-II bares her claws. She seems to prefer them as weapons over her gun.

M4 SOPMOD II: I might trust you more if you were just a head.

RO635: If you're planning to run away while our guard is lowered, I'd advise you to give up on that plan.

Architect: R-Relax, I mean, look at the state of this place, there's no way I'd want to flee back to Sangvis Ferri now.

RO635: We're almost there, SOP-II. We'll be splitting up soon.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Already?

RO635: The main control room is on the other side.

RO635: You and Architect should go take a walk around the place while I hack the Sangvis systems.

RO635: While this isn't our main task, it could get Gager's attention.

Architect: Are you sure that's alright?

Architect: Pretty sure of yourself, aren't you?

Architect: That lady knight of mine isn't exactly a slouch in combat, you know?

RO635: You hardly have to worry about us.

RO635: Since you seem so convinced that we're no match for her, why don't you strap a bomb to yourself and blow yourself up when Gager gets close?

Architect: Urgh... That's just despicable...

RO635: Then dispense with the nonsense. Right now, we are not enemies with S.F.

RO635: If you could be more than just bait, then maybe Gager could come back with us in one piece.

Architect: So you want me to talk her into surrendering...?

Architect: She'd probably kill me on the spot if I said that.

RO635: Either Gager kills you or we do, take your pick.

RO635: Time's running short, I'll be heading to the main control room.

M4 SOPMOD II: Be careful, RO...

M4 SOPMOD II: Do you want to bring Banana with you?

RO635: Absolutely not.

Architect: So, RO635 said she's off to the main control room...

Architect: But isn't S.F. pretty much dissolved at this point? What info could there be that's worth knowing?

M4 SOPMOD II: That's none of your business.

Architect: So cold—

M4 SOPMOD II: You're really suspicious, you know?

Architect: Am I?

Architect: I've behaved myself so far, how could I be suspicious?

M4 SOPMOD II: The more nonchalant you act, the more suspicious it looks to me.

M4 SOPMOD II: We're using you as bait to catch a friend of yours.

M4 SOPMOD II: Do you really not care about that?

M4 SOPMOD II: If I were in your position, I'd never sell out my teammates!

Architect: Aw, do you really think I have the IQ points needed to think about these rock-and-a-hard-place problems?

Architect: What kind of answer are you expecting from me, anyway?

Architect: If I said yes, wouldn't that make me out to be a cold-hearted bitch? You can't trust people like that at all.

Architect: And if I said no, that means I still feel for S.F., right? Sure, it proves that I'm not entirely heartless, but then you'd have an excuse to scrap me on the spot.

Architect: So I'd be screwed either way, don't you think?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmm... Okay, that sort of makes sense.

M4 SOPMOD II: So in conclusion, we can't go wrong with scrapping you!

Architect: You just want to scrap me, don't you?!

Architect: Remember, we need to finish the Commander's mission! The mission is very important, right?

Architect: Let's stop wasting time on this subject!

M4 SOPMOD II: For some reason, it feels particularly insulting to hear this from a Sangvis...

Architect: Even if S.F. is done for, it doesn't mean you can be THAT relaxed.

Architect: You've seen it, haven't you? This place still looks like a base, but it's essentially an empty shell now.

Architect: Whoever did this was thorough... Even the security cameras I installed are gone.

Architect: Something must have happened here.

M4 SOPMOD II: We should be the first to investigate this place.

M4 SOPMOD II: Who could have done this?

Architect: Do I have to spell it out for you? Only my lady knight would do something as tiring and thankless as this.

M4 SOPMOD II: Gager?! So she IS here!

M4 SOPMOD II: If RO runs into her, I wonder if she'll be okay...

Architect: Don't worry. With her neural upgrade, Miss RO isn't a pushover either.

Architect: Besides...

Architect pauses. Then she flashes a grin at SOP-II.

Architect: She's going to come for me first~

M4 SOPMOD II: The two of you must've been real close.

M4 SOPMOD II: Since you get along so well, why are you still lazing around in Griffin?

Architect: Aw, change is the only constant, after all.

M4 SOPMOD II: —Shhh.

Architect: ...Hm?

M4 SOPMOD II: Something's trying to surround us...

Architect: Huh... I thought they'd become a scattered mob after losing their commander.

Architect: They're pretty united, aren't they?

M4 SOPMOD II: At last the truth is revealed!

M4 SOPMOD II: So it WAS you, wasn't it?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can scrap you now, right? Can I?

Architect: Heyheyhey! Don't get excited just because you got surrounded! I told you, it wasn't me!

Architect: If you don't believe me, why don't you throw me into their ranks!

Architect: They'll finish me off without hesitation!

Whum—

An ear-piercing screech of feedback blasts through the PA system as the two of them argue.

Gager: —Attention.

M4 SOPMOD II: —!

M4 SOPMOD II: That's Gager's voice.

Architect: Oho, she hasn't changed a bit.

Gager: Listen up, Griffin Dolls.

Gager: You have stepped into my trap.

Gager: Release Architect immediately.

Gager: Otherwise... All the surrounding cannon emplacements have been aimed at this place.

Gager: You have five minutes to decide. Once time is up, I will blast this place until not even your stains remain.

M4 SOPMOD II: And what if I don't hand her over?

Gager: Then I will open fire anyway.

Architect: Hey... Are you serious?

Architect: If you do that, I'll be blown to bits as well, won't I?

M4 SOPMOD II: At last, she took the bait! Gager can't be far!

Architect: Still, I didn't expect her to be able to control the Jupiter Cannons I left behind.

Architect: The mortars around the base are all top-of-the-line! I built them personally to protect myself!

Architect: We're doomed!

M4 SOPMOD II: What's so scary about that?

M4 SOPMOD II: All we need to do is take out those cannons, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: We've wrecked so many of those we lost count.

Architect: Urgh... Would you mind not denying the value of my existence so casually...

M4 SOPMOD II: But before that, we need to eliminate all the Sangvis forces trying to surround us!

M4 SOPMOD II: You get out there too!

Architect: Ehh... Can't I have a tea break on the sidelines or something?

M4 SOPMOD II: If you want to rest, I can give you a dirt nap right now.

Architect: Gee... I'm going... I'm going, okay?!

Architect: (Pants)

Architect: I...I wonder if I've been locked up for too long...

Architect: I feel really out of shape...

M4 SOPMOD II: Useless! These enemies aren't even worth toying with!

Architect: Oh come on, I wasn't expressly designed for combat, you know!

Architect: Still, at least we made it out of there... Wait a minute, five minutes has come and gone, right?

Architect: She said all the cannons were sighted on our position, but there was no boom in the end.

M4 SOPMOD II: Where the hell has she run off to? I thought she'd be barking at us over the intercom by now.

M4 SOPMOD II: But in the end, we didn't hear a peep out of her. Did we scare her away?

Architect: I doubt it...

BOOM!

A massive explosion erupts from the other side of the base.

Architect: What the hell, that shot was totally off! Looks like she didn't absorb any of the control techniques I taught her.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hold on, isn't that the direction of the control room where RO has gone?

Architect: Huh? So she wasn't aiming at us?

M4 SOPMOD II: Of course not, you dumbass!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurry up and move, we need to find RO right away!
Part 5

5

Inside the Sangvis base...

RO635 carefully enters the main control room by herself.

RO635: There weren't any signs of movement on SOP-II's end either... Looks like there really are no S.F. left in this place.

After re-examining the comms equipment, RO inspects the surrounding objects.

Ever since she entered the base, the path forward has been perfectly clear, and she has followed it all the way to the control room.

RO635: This isn't too different from other Sangvis bases.

RO635: Ah, this is the main control console.

RO635: Looks like it's still usable, so let's connect to it... Good.

RO635: Commencing download...

What exactly did M16A1 go through after being converted to S.F.? Currently, records concerning those events are a complete blank to Griffin.

However, due to Sangvis Ferri's hive-style management system, anyone with sufficient clearance can access the main server and search for information.

Therefore, the Commander has given a special mission to RO.

After entering the S.F. base, she is to use its main control room to connect to the Sangvis databases, download all the logs pertaining to "M16A1", and bring them back to Griffin.

Perhaps that information might end up being helpful in finding M4 or M16.

RO635: What was M16 thinking when she joined S.F.?

RO635: Had she planned everything out since that time?

The data download is proceeding smoothly.

While most of the base exterior is in ruins, the machinery at its core is still solid.

RO635: If only I had picked up on that earlier and stopped her in time, perhaps things might have turned out very differently.

RO shakes her head.

RO635: Well, there's no point crying over spilt milk.

RO635: I should finish the download quickly and rendezvous with SOP-II.

RO635: I wonder if it's okay to leave her alone with Architect...

Whum—

Just as RO's attention is fully focused on her work...

An ear-piercing screech of feedback blasts through the PA system.

Gager: —Attention.

RO635: ...Is that Gager?

RO635: Did she finally take the bait?

Gager: Attention, Griffin Dolls.

Gager: You have stepped into my trap.

Gager: Release Architect immediately.

Gager: Otherwise... All the surrounding cannon emplacements have been aimed at this place.

Gager: I will blast this place until not even your stains remain.

Gager: You have five minutes to decide. I repeat;

Gager: Release Architect.

RO635: —!

RO635: Are the cannons outside still operational?

The download is complete just as the broadcast suddenly cuts off.

RO635: I need to hurry and link up with them—!

Gager: —!

RO runs straight into Gager at the doorway to the main control room.

Clearly, neither of them expected to bump into each other here, and they both do a double take.

But the next second...their guns are already pointed at each other.

Bangbang—

Neither of them wastes time on speaking.

Their exchange of fire instantly engulfs the space in a hail of bullets.

Bangbangbang—

RO is a little amazed by what she's feeling.

She feels strangely at ease now that she is actually fighting Gager.

The excessive responsibility weighing on her shoulders and the discomfort caused by being around Architect have all been eating away at her.

But now, all her frustration is spewing out of her gun's muzzle, carried by tongues of fire and bullets of lead.

Things really are easier as a T-Doll, she thinks.

RO635: Ahhhh, what a pain!

The main control room is too small, and the bullets from both sides end up bouncing off the walls and ricocheting into parts unknown.

RO might have finished her download, but there's no telling what will happen if she ends up wrecking something important.

...Just as that notion flashes through RO's mind, a shot buries itself deep into the cables of the main control computer.

Crack!

A brilliant blue flame flares up!

Gager: What— Oh no!

As RO cries out in surprise, the bad feeling she had comes to pass.

Clang!

The thick blast door for the main control room slams down and the lights go out.

Gager: What the hell did you do?!

Both sides have stopped firing due to the sudden developments.

The silence in the darkened room is only interrupted by intermittent sprays of sparks from the ruined cables.

Just then, RO and Gager simultaneously emerge from behind their respective cover. Upon spotting each other, they raise their weapons again.

RO635: Drop your weapon. You can't escape.

Gager: The same goes for you. Drop your gun now and I might spare your life.

As the two Dolls face off, they glance at the blast door that has closed over the entrance. It doesn't look like it can be lifted by just one or two people.

The fact that they're both trapped inside slowly begins to sink in.

Right now, fighting itself seems pointless.

RO635: ...I honestly didn't expect you to fall for it so easily.

Gager: Who fell for what?

Gager: Did you not consider that I might have deliberately leaked the information of my sightings to Griffin?

RO635: In order to bait us into bringing Architect along?

RO635: Talk about being confident.

Gager: Considering Griffin is nothing more than crushed scraps at this point, I could take you all out by myself.

RO635: If you ask me, S.F. isn't doing much better.

RO635: Otherwise, the Commander wouldn't have sent just the few of us here.

Gager does not reply. The current state of this base is answer enough—Sangvis Ferri is in ruins.

RO635: So how do you open that blast door?

Gager: ...Without electrical supply, you'll need to use brute force.

Gager: While I could engage the backup circuits, I lack the authorization to access the control systems.

RO635: I see.

RO lowers her gun.

RO635: Gager, listen to me.

RO635: The feud between Griffin and Sangvis Ferri is over. There is no point in fighting each other anymore.

Gager: My mission isn't over yet. As long as Architect is still alive, I have a reason to fight.

RO635: Humph...

RO635: So are we going to stare each other down here?

Gager: Architect must have come with you, right?

Gager: She'd have a way to activate the backup power supply.

RO635: Who knows? What if I came alone?

Gager: Cut the crap.

Gager: I set a ton of traps on the way here.

Gager: You couldn't have made it this far if Architect hadn't come along!

RO635: Even if she were here, I wouldn't let her touch the S.F. network.

RO635: There are still all those cannons outside; did you really think I'd give you the chance to try any funny business?

Gager: The electrical systems are finished. Even with the backup power, you couldn't activate the cannon batteries.

RO635: Then, like I said earlier, there is no point in fighting any further.

RO635: If you're willing to put down your weapon and come to Griffin with me, I can try logging into the system to activate the backup power supply.

Gager: You have Sangvis clearance?

RO635: I've already hacked them once; I can easily do it again.

Gager: ...Is Architect with you?

Gager: If I go with you, will I be able to see her again?

RO635: I will ask the Commander for permission. Once it is safe, I can arrange for the two of you to meet.

Gager puts down her gun, as if in defeat.

Gager: Alright, I accept.

Gager: Now hurry up and open this stupid door.

RO635 eyes Gager warily before returning to the main control console.

After entering the network, she soon finds the control interface for the backup power supply.

RO635: It's done.

The lights in the room flicker back on, and the fallen blast door slowly rises.

RO looks at Gager, and Gager looks at RO.

Just as RO is about to say something, Gager suddenly turns and runs.

RO635: !

A massive explosion thunders overhead, and a huge hole appears in the main control room.

Chunks of concrete and rebar rain down from the ceiling, and it is only by virtue of her lightning speed that RO is not squashed underneath.

RO635: Jupiter?!

Gager: Even with just backup power, I can still control a single Jupiter Cannon!

RO635: You damn liar!

Gager: Like hell I'd go with you to Griffin!

Gager: I'm going to find Architect while you can stay buried here with your regrets forever!

BOOM!

Another shell strikes home, blasting the control room to smithereens.

Though RO manages to duck outside in time, she can no longer pass through the main control room to pursue Gager.

RO635: I need to get out of the targeted area and rendezvous with SOP-II before going after Gager.

RO635: As I thought, you can't trust a single word that comes out of the mouth of a Sangvis Doll!
Part 6

    6chevron_right

BOOM!

The cannon roars, and the base that was an empty shell to begin with is consumed by flames in the blink of an eye.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! Do you read me?!

RO635: Get...out...base...!

M4 SOPMOD II: What did you say?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't hear you!

RO635: Get...out...base...catch...Gager...

RO635: Will...find...you...!

SOP-II and Architect have long since fled to a safe area.

While they don't know the reason why, Gager has not made any more announcements after the first one. They easily broke through the encirclement around them and escaped the base.

...And that is why the sight before them defies explanation. They know Gager isn't bluffing, but they have no idea why she's still shooting.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Dammit!

SOP-II starts running towards the source of the explosions.

Architect, on the other hand, suddenly stops and looks into the distance.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why did you stop?!

M4 SOPMOD II: You want me to scrap you?!

Architect: You Griffin Dolls really are very dumb. Unfortunately, time flies when you're having fun. Bye bye, little doggo.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?!

Boom—

Architect suddenly flees into another room. Just as SOP-II is about to give chase, a Jupiter cannon shell turns the passage ahead into rubble.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ack!

The shockwave from the blast throws SOP-II into a wall.

She hurriedly scrambles to her feet, but the way ahead is now a sea of flames.

ST AR-15: SOP-II, do you read me?

ST AR-15: We're approaching your position now. What's the situation? Are you engaged with S.F.?!

M4 SOPMOD II: 15!

M4 SOPMOD II: Gager's in the base!

M4 SOPMOD II: She has control over the Jupiter Cannons! Comms with RO are breaking up and Architect just made a run for it!

Dandelion: ...Well, this is a surprise.

Dandelion: And we only just left the team for a little while.

Dandelion: What on earth happened for things to have gone so ugly?

M4 SOPMOD II: R-RO's still deep inside the base!

M4 SOPMOD II: A Jupiter cannon shot hit her position! We need to find her!

Dandelion: Actually...

Dandelion: I don't think we need to worry about that anymore.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?

Before Dandelion can finish, a sooty figure emerges from the smoke amidst a sea of flames.

RO635: (Coughs)

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!

RO635: Sorry I'm late.

RO635: Are 15 and Dandelion back?

ST AR-15: Yeah, we just arrived.

RO635: What about Architect?

M4 SOPMOD II: She...she just escaped...

RO635: Gager must have covered for her.

RO635: We'll continue the pursuit outside; they're just two Dolls, they can't have gotten far.

ST AR-15: The only threat to us are those Jupiter Cannons. Can you deal with them remotely, Dandelion?

Dandelion: The way you boss people around is getting more and more like her.

ST AR-15: Yes or no?

Dandelion: Yes, yes, I am delighted to be of service.

Amidst the flames.

Architect: Who~ killed Cock Robin?

Architect: I~ killed Cock Robin.

Architect: With my shot and shell! ♪

Architect: Ahhhh, home sweet home. My backup weapon is in the storage locker right where I left it.

Architect: I haven't fought for so long; I wonder if I've gotten rusty.

???: ...

Step.

Architect: ...

Amidst the crackling of the flames...

A familiar figure steps out of a blind spot.

Gager: ...Architect.

Architect: Hey, it's been a while.

Gager: Architect...!

Gager: I finally found you!

Gager: We still have time! There's no way that lot from Griffin would try to force their way through the flames!

Gager: If we can get away from here, we—

Architect: Hold it, hold it~

Architect: Goodness, we haven't met in so long and you get all panicky on me. How unsightly.

Gager: Architect...?

Architect: You just said you wanted me to go with you, right?

Architect: Honestly...you've gotten the situation completely wrong, dear Lady Knight.

Gager: ...

Gager: Me? Gotten things wrong?

Gager: ...I created an opportunity for you to escape, and you managed to free yourself from those Dolls.

Gager: Why are you playing the fool at a time like this?

Architect: Huh? Me? Playing the fool?

Architect: Good grief... It seems you still don't understand what I'm trying to say.

Architect: Gager, I am here on a Griffin mission.

Architect: And I only came to you alone because the others were an annoyance.

Architect: Do you understand what I'm saying?

Gager stiffens.

Architect: That's right.

Architect: Enough of that "take me away" nonsense.

Architect: I'm the one on the hunt, Lady Knight.

Architect: The Big Bad Wolf's coming for Little Red Riding Hood, muahaha!

Gager: ...What are you talking about?

Architect: (Sighs) You're the same as ever. Not a single reaction to my painstakingly-crafted jokes.

Gager: J-Joke?

Gager: Quit messing with me... This is no time for jokes, we need to hurry and—

Architect: Gager, come to Griffin. I'm serious.

Gager: ...What did you say?

Architect's words are casual, yet forceful, and Gager's reply is one of disbelief.

The flames crackle every now and then and the heat feels like it's going to melt their epidermal layers.

The silence is terrifying.

Architect: Don't you get it?

Architect: What I'm saying is that S.F. is FINISHED. Come live with me.

Architect: I wouldn't give a damn about anyone else, but because of you, I've come all the way to these crumbling ruins and risked my butt to find you.

Architect: Come back with me. Griffin's a pretty nice place, you know?

Gager: ...You brought those Griffin people here and there to avoid my ambushes, just so you could do this?

Gager: Because you've completely renounced Sangvis Ferri?

Architect: Please, darling. Those traps of yours were pretty rubbish, you know?

Architect: Even the kitties at the base gate could bushwhack people better than that.

Architect: I honestly don't understand why you're so dead set on serving S.F.

Architect: Do you have some kind of weird fetish like Agent?

Architect: Thing is, that midget Mastermind isn't around anymore.

Architect: Compared to them, don't you think I came out ahead?

Architect: I mean, you can crawl around in the dirt all you want, but it won't turn out well for you, you know?

Gager: Who do you...

Gager's hands tremble as her neural cloud blazes with anger. The fire within her burns even brighter than the actual flames.

Whoosh—!

She points her weapon at Architect.

Gager: Who do you think I did all this for?!

Architect: W-Wait a minute... No need to get mad! I've got your best interests at heart!

Gager's wrath is something that Architect did not anticipate.

Architect: I'm just telling the truth, okay?

Architect: I mean, I've got a pretty cushy life at Griffin, so why do I have to go back to S.F. where there's nothing?

Architect: Kind of unfair, don't you think?

Gager: Shut UP!

Gager: You TRAITOR!

Architect: ...What are you doing?

Architect: Why are you pointing your weapon at me?

Architect: Listen to me, don't be so stubborn, Lady Knight.

Architect: Things being what they are now, your chivalry is only going to land you in a really bad place, you know?

Architect: I mean, does anyone even care about stuffy old chivalry in this day and age...? Wait, seriously?

Gager: I told you...to shut UP.

Boom—!

Gager's shots blast the location where Architect was standing, but the latter easily dodges them.

Architect: Whoa, you're serious!

Gager: ...

Gager's eyes blaze up, as though she's going to shoot fire from them.

Gager: I'm taking you with me...even if I have to drag you along kicking and screaming!

Architect: Oh, come ON... Give me a break...

Architect: It's been so long, why haven't you changed in the least?

Gager: As I've told you a long time ago...

Gager: You talk too much.

Architect: Good grief... You want me to fight you, eh?

Gager: Just...behave!

Architect: Sadly, I...refuse!

Architect: Come guns! Come flames!

Architect: Let's dance, my fair Lady Knight!

...

Architect: ...I actually lost.

Architect: You've become really strong.

Gager: ...Dammit.

Architect: Feel better now?

Gager: You did that on purpose, didn't you?

Architect: Nonono, I really am that weak.

Architect: I should actually be thanking my lucky stars that you didn't blast a hole through me.

Gager: Don't think I can't tell. You're lying to me again.

Architect: It's true! I lost fair and square!

Architect: Still, that was a good fight. It's been a while since I last got a proper workout.

Gager: In that case, you should leave with me. After that, you can do anything you want.

Architect: Look, I understand what you're thinking, I really do.

Architect: The truth is, I'm actually very happy, because you never gave up on me even until now.

Architect: However, let's say I leave with you. What are we going to do after that?

Gager: After that...there'll be a way.

Architect: Rather than chasing my shadow...

Architect: You should think more about your future.

Architect: My neural cloud was half-baked from the start, and I kinda like how things are for me right now.

Architect: But you're different. Sangvis Ferri is finished, so you don't need to chain yourself up with duty and obligation.

Architect: Do you at least understand what I'm trying to say when I put it that way?

Gager: ...I don't get it.

Architect: Hm?

Gager: I don't understand you at all!

Gager: I never have!

Gager: We're Sangvis Ferri! We were created to follow orders!

Architect: Sangvis Dolls were made for revenge, so we never had true freedom.

Architect: But there must be some reason for us to exist beyond that. We don't need to bear someone else's hatred.

Architect: Everything is over. Nobody can order us around now.

Gager: If I don't have new orders, then I'll continue carrying out my old ones.

Gager: My orders are to ensure your safety.

Gager: I've failed again and again, but as long as I still exist, I need to obey this order.

Gager: So why won't you let me do that when you're right in front of me?!

Architect: But that's exactly why I can't let you carry out that order.

Architect: If you don't realize you need to change, then there'd be no point even if I left with you.

Gager: ...

Architect: The Griffin Dolls will soon be here. Will you not change your mind and come with me?

Gager: Griffin will always be our enemy. I can't forgive them.

Architect: Welp, I've said my piece.

Architect: Think on it and just get out of here for now.

Architect: Don't worry, I'll wait for you. We have all the time in the world.

Gager: I...

Architect: Don't worry. We'll meet again.

The sudden rain puts out the dying flames.

It is at this moment that the AR Team once again set foot into the ruined base.

ST AR-15: ...What a bleak sight.

ST AR-15: So this is how Sangvis Ferri ends.

Architect: Oi, you don't mince words, do you?

RO635: Dandelion, we've found Architect.

Dandelion: Gager has already fled far away. Want to go after her?

RO635: No need for that. It's getting dark and we need to get back to base.

Dandelion: "We'll just confirm her general location and let Svarog do the rest."

Dandelion: Is that what you're thinking?

RO635: We've completed our main task. I've found a lot of information about M16 in S.F.'s main command systems.

Dandelion: How exciting. I can't wait to get back to base.

Architect: Can we go back?

Architect: Awesome!

Architect: I am SO tired!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey!

M4 SOPMOD II: You ran away from me, eh?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't let that slide!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm going to rip your legs off right now to prevent it from happening again!

SNAP!

Architect: Aaahhhh!

Architect: Give me back my legs!

ST AR-15: Well, you made SOP-II mad, looks like you're pretty much done for at this point.

ST AR-15: If you don't confess what you did just now, I'm guessing her next move will be to chop your head off.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Enthusiastic cackle)

Architect: Eeeeeeep!

Architect: I didn't try to escape!

Architect: That...that was an accident! It just so happened that a shell fell between me and SOP-II!

Architect: I even fought Gager to try and capture her!

Architect: I mean, look at me, I'm covered in wounds here!

ST AR-15: But you lost.

ST AR-15: And Gager got away.

Architect: Haha. Well, how could a princess beat a knight?

ST AR-15: Still, I can't believe she didn't just drag you away...

ST AR-15: Doesn't that make everything she did before totally meaningless?

Architect: You really think so?

Architect: I think it's a lot more meaningful than what she started out doing.

Architect: Uh, could you give me back my legs now?

Architect: I would really appreciate that.

RO635: ...

RO635: You must have told her something, right?

RO635: Otherwise, I doubt she would have given up that easily, given the personality of most Sangvis Dolls.

Architect: ...

Architect: How shall I put this?

Architect: My aims and hers are completely different, and we're doing different things.

Architect: But as long as we're both alive, we'll be able to meet again someday, and work hard towards the same goal again.

Architect: But if she's only concerned about carrying out her orders...

Architect: Then I'd rather she not be with me.

ST AR-15: ...Humph.

ST AR-15: You talk as if Sangvis Dolls had a sense of camaraderie.

Architect: I mean, you Griffin Dolls are all made to order. Unlike you, the bonds between us Sangvis Dolls are a lot more genuine.

Architect: Uh...

Architect realizes that she has said the wrong thing. She nervously looks up and finds the three Griffin Dolls staring down at her with cold eyes.

RO635: I think it's about time we headed back to base. The chopper's going to land outside the Sangvis base. ETA is around 3 minutes.

ST AR-15: Got it. We'd better move, then.

Architect: Uh... Would you mind returning my legs before you head out?

M4 SOPMOD II: What should we do, leader?

RO635: After we leave the base, dump her legs in the first grass patch that you see.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sure thing!

Architect: Whaaaaaat?!

Architect: You're not going to leave me here, are you?!

ST AR-15: Well, the mission's over.

ST AR-15: She can't even beat Gager, so she'll just be deadweight. Might as well just dump her here.

Architect: H-Hold on!

Architect: How are you going to explain this to the Commander when you get back?!

RO635: It'll be fine. I'll tell the Commander of your heroic sacrifice where you were blasted into sightless atoms.

Architect: Don't go!

Architect: Are you really going to abandon me?!

Architect: I mean, you were starting to trust me, right?

Architect: Eh? Come back! Someone, please bring me back to Griffin!

Architect: Gager! Help meeeeeeee—!

And so, the Griffin Dolls leave the base while ignoring Architect's mournful cries.

Dandelion: Is it really okay to leave her there?

RO635: She and Gager are in the same sector. When Svarog's people come by later, they'll pick her up too.

Dandelion: How cruel. She'll be crying there for a long time, won't she?

Dandelion: What got you so mad all of a sudden?

RO635: Even if we're Dolls, our feelings aren't manufactured.

RO635: Every moment of our memories is a precious to us.

RO635: These feelings are real beyond any shadow of a doubt.

RO635: Our memories and feelings have forged us into what we are now.

RO635: So what Architect said was especially infuriating.

RO looks at the other two Dolls of the AR Team, who both give her approving looks.

Dandelion: It's just as the Commander said, you really are very much like Lunasia.

ST AR-15: Don't act like such a know-it-all. You haven't completely earned our trust yet.

Dandelion: I know that, and someday, you will trust me too.

Dandelion: Alright, there's nothing left here, you've got what you wanted, so you can count the mission as accomplished.

Dandelion: The chopper's here, so let's go back.

M4 SOPMOD II: Woohoo!

M4 SOPMOD II: We need to hurry back so the Commander can praise us!

ST AR-15: I hope we won't have to check corpses again.

ST AR-15: Honestly, it does no good to the body or the mind.

ST AR-15: Speaking of which, stop waving Architect's legs around like that. Throw them away, it's super gross.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay!

M4 SOPMOD II: Heave...ho!

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, they went really far!

RO635: ...

...

RO635: ...We'll eventually meet again.

RO635: Someday.

RO635: When will you return?

Bremen, Germany.

Angelia's safe house.

Angelia: ...

AK-12: Wanna bet?

RPK-16: 20 minutes.

AN-94: What are you talking about?

AK-15: ...They're guessing how long Ange will stay like this.

AN-94: Huh...

AN-94: I'm surprised you can tell what's going on.

AK-15: This kind of nonsense is not uncommon with RPK.

RPK-16: It's not like we have anything to do.

RPK-16: Miss Ange has been like that for almost two hours.

RPK-16: She looks just like one of those somber Buddha statues in an old temple.

AK-12: It's understandable.

AK-12: We're in quite a bit of a pickle right now, after all.

AN-94: A pickle?

AK-15: ...

RPK-16: Look at you, 15, quietly blending back into the background when the subject grows complex.

RPK-16: You need to be more of a team player, you know.

AK-12: Thanks to our previous good deed of the day, the whole world now has their eyes on Griffin and Ange.

AK-12: Everyone wants to know what happened in "that base" and the truth behind "that tech".

AK-12: People of all kinds, nefarious or otherwise.

AK-12: I'm sure we're being watched very closely.

RPK-16: Even the Stasi, who has so kindly prepared such lovely accommodation for us.

RPK-16: Hell knows what they're really up to.

RPK-16: In any case, this Mr. K does not strike me as a good man.

AK-15: Indeed.

AK-12: So given our circumstances, careful planning is certainly required before we begin our operation.

AK-12: Going in blind without a clue will only land us in an even stickier situation.

RPK-16: Right now, Ange's every move is being watched. If she so much as buys an ice cream, a whole team of intelligence analysts will be there, looking for some kind of hidden significance.

RPK-16: Still, skulking in here and not doing a thing isn't a good idea either.

RPK-16: To our observers, our lack of action can also be perceived as a kind of action.

RPK-16: Who knows? This may actually make them even more uneasy.

AK-12: But let's come back to our task at hand.

AK-12: This is a really tough nut to crack.

AK-12: Going out to buy a bottle of water and running into a dozen agents spying on us.

AK-12: Having only ever watched people myself, I never thought I'd have the pleasure of being on the receiving end of this treatment.

RPK-16: "Abandon all hope,"

RPK-16: "Ye who enter here."

RPK-16: Or so they say.

AK-12: Stop quoting poems out of context.

AK-12: Come to think of it, how goes the "pest extermination"?

RPK-16: I removed twelve from the room and nine outside.

RPK-16: The signal transmission and audio pickup are top of the line—that's German engineering for you.

RPK-16: Maybe I should ask Mr. K to get me some more the next time I see him?

AN-94: It's supposed to be a safe house... I did not expect to find so many bugs.

AK-12: Which just goes to show that even those who look nice and friendly can be up to no good.

AK-12: So have you disabled them all?

RPK-16: I've combed the whole place from floor to ceiling, but who knows?

AK-12: It's not necessarily a bad thing even if you leave a bug or two.

AK-12: If there's anything you want, just inform our eavesdropping friends.

AK-12: They may have it delivered right away.

RPK-16: Hm, you have a point.

RPK-16: Uh, hello? You hear me?

RPK-16: Can I get a ham hock burger?

AK-12: But look at it another way.

AK-12: What we went through in Tallinn and Paldiski is our insurance and hole card.

AK-12: It is the reason why Ange is granted a travel pass that gives her free passage.

Angelia: ...You are exactly right.

RPK-16: Oh, the Buddha is awake.

Angelia: Besides, we've suffered great losses, and M4A1 is still MIA.

Angelia: The Griffin Commander also needs time to recover.

Angelia: We can't expect much help from them right now.

Angelia: Or from the Stasi.

Angelia: There is not a single person we can trust in this city.

AK-12: I admire how effortlessly you just swanned your way into the conversation.

AN-94: Not even Madam Ulrich?

Angelia: She may actually be genuine in her desire to help us.

Angelia: But her position makes it impossible for her act according to her own wishes.

AK-15: ...

Angelia: What is it?

AK-15: ...The satellite phone just buzzed.

RPK-16: Give it to me.

Angelia: What frequency?

RPK-16: 66.45.

AK-12: Is it Havier?

Angelia: That old fox wouldn't risk contacting us unless it's an emergency.

Angelia: What's this about?

RPK-16: Patience. Decrypting this isn't exactly easy.

RPK-16: Hm...

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Hoho... Interesting.

Angelia: Stop being cryptic, or I'll let AK-12 handle all communications from now on.

RPK-16: Haha, if she's up to the task, I'm happy to be relieved of this duty.

RPK-16: Now don't be mad; it's good news.

RPK-16: Has anyone heard of the Flora Institute?

AK-12: Sounds like a sweet factory.

Angelia: What's with this institute?

RPK-16: The Commander has discovered some crates that might have originated from Germany.

RPK-16: Havier's people cross-referenced them with reports from other locations, and the contents are very likely to be Epiphylla filled with Collapse Fluid radiation particles.

RPK-16: As contamination sources, these crates have already wiped out several human settlements in the Yellow Zone.

RPK-16: I believe these coordinates that Havier just sent us are where the crates were dispatched from.

Angelia: ...Epiphylla.

Angelia: Looks like our first clue has just presented itself.

AK-12: And I was just saying we didn't have one.

AK-12: Break time's over, 94.

AN-94: Understood.

Knock knock.

RPK-16: Oh, my burger is here.

RPK-16: Well, this trip isn't looking so bad after all.

Angelia: Stop fooling around. Disable the rest of the bugs and call Morridow.

Angelia: Time to start our investigation.
Part 2: Clown

2

Bremen, Germany.

Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: Guten Morgen, Frau Ange!

Morridow: You look very well-rested.

Angelia: Sorry for the wait.

Morridow: Not at all, don't worry about me. It is my job to serve you.

Morridow: Besides, I am very honored to be given the opportunity to learn from a woman as accomplished as you.

Morridow: Oh, and from you too, Herr Hopps! Thank you for your work.

Hopps: ...Just doing my job.

Angelia: He came to our place first thing in the morning.

Morridow: That's Chairwoman Ulrich's trusted bodyguard for you!

Morridow: Your personal safety is our top priority, Frau Ange.

Morridow: Are you satisfied with your journey to this place?

Angelia: It was alright, though it took Mr. Bodyguard a bit too long to shake off the car that was tailing us.

Angelia: So, this is it?

Morridow: That's right, this is the Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: It is home to the largest botanical garden in Bremen, with seasonal flowers in bloom all year round.

Morridow: If you're interested, I can give you a tour.

Angelia: ...Is that so?

Angelia: I appreciate the gesture, but maybe next time.

Morridow: Chairwoman Ulrich did say that your wish is my command.

Morridow: But I never thought you'd be interested in botanical research!

Morridow: Your sudden request for a visit really took me by surprise. Still, I do love flowers myself.

Angelia: This is quite massive for a research institute.

Morridow: Ja! The institute's research building is a famous landmark in Bremen.

Morridow: They also have a large field on the other side of the city where they cultivate species for the purpose of research.

Angelia: I see.

Morridow: Come to think of it...

Morridow: How come I don't see the Dolls that accompanied you to Bremen?

Morridow: Is it a good idea for you to travel alone?

Angelia: I'm just here for a visit; they'd just get in the way.

Angelia: Besides, you've given me a personal bodyguard, isn't that right?

Hopps: ...

Morridow: Absolutely!

Morridow: Herr Hopps is such a reassuring presence!

Morridow: It must be the beard!

Angelia: ...The beard?

Morridow: To tell you the truth, this is also the first time I've ever been here.

Morridow: What a beautiful greenhouse they have!

Angelia: Who will we be meeting?

Morridow: Uh, one second please. I believe we have an appointment with...

Morridow: Oh, there she is!

???: ...

Morridow: Allow me to introduce...

Morridow: Frau Leone, Senior Researcher at the Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: She specializes in research on herbaceous plants.

Leone: ...Hello.

Angelia: Hello, I'm Angelia.

Leone: I know.

Leone: You're investigators sent by the Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction, though I'm not sure what you're doing here.

Angelia: As the one in charge, you're a lot younger than I imagined.

Angelia: Such wonderful accomplishments for your age.

Leone: ...You flatter me.

Leone: I'm just a humble researcher caring for my flowers.

Morridow: We're sorry to bother you on a working day.

Morridow: I hope we're not interrupting anything important?

Leone: Don't worry about it.

Leone: Help yourselves.

Morridow: Huh? You're not going to show us around?

Leone: ...I work in this greenhouse. If you have any questions, just ask.

Leone: I'm sorry, but I'm a researcher, not a tour guide.

Leone: Everyone have things they're good at and things they're...not so good at.

Morridow: ...I understand.

Morridow: In...In that case, sorry to disturb you.

Angelia: We don't seem very welcome here.

Leone: You're mistaken. You are Frau Ulrich's guests.

Leone: The Bremen government has been very supportive of our research.

Leone: It is my duty to fulfil her requests.

Angelia: Then tell me more about yourself.

Angelia: What kind of research do you do here?

Leone: ...We mostly study the propagation and mutation of plants here at the Flora Institute.

Leone: In a world ravaged by mankind...

Leone: Plants are one of the few life forms that can resist radiation and survive.

Leone: We hope to find our "future" by studying them.

Morridow: Find our "future"?

Morridow: That doesn't sound like something a scientist would say. You didn't strike me as a hopeless romantic, Frau Leone.

Leone: Romantic?

Leone: I meant what I said literally; it was not a figure of speech.

Leone: Right now, mankind has no way of moving forward.

Leone: Yet plants have learned to live in harmony with despair long ago.

Leone: If we don't start learning from them, we may very well be sealing our fate.

Angelia: Our future lies in plants?

Angelia: What a peculiar idea.

Leone: Compared to humans, who never learn, plants that keep growing inconspicuously are much more reliable.

Angelia: So what have you learned from these flowers?

Leone: ...A great deal.

Leone: I've spoken more than I should.

Leone: Please take your time and have a look around.

Leone glances at her watch before heading to the other side of the greenhouse to check the thermometer.

Morridow: Seriously? She came out to receive us, but she won't give us a tour?

Morridow: Maybe Herr Hopps looks too intimidating?

Hopps: I disagree.

Morridow: S-Stop glaring at me.

Morridow: I was just kidding.

Angelia: Now that we're inside, the magnitude of their facility is even more apparent.

Angelia: They're investing so much money and resources just to study flowers.

Angelia: Is it worth it?

Morridow: I don't think that's very fair, Frau Ange.

Morridow: Under these times, everything we do must contribute to our survival.

Morridow: But it's not the same for flowers.

Morridow: Their fragrance and colors are only for embellishment; they aren't essential for the flowers' survival.

Morridow: Of course, one must be pragmatic to survive, but virtues are equally—if not more—important.

Morridow: What we can glean from flowers is hope.

Angelia: That's a beautiful speech, but you did not answer my question.

Morridow: J-Just sharing my thoughts!

Morridow: This institute operates on such a large scale because it led the country's research in developing the vaccine and medication for ELID.

Morridow: Their work has saved countless lives!

Morridow: Right, Frau Leone?

Leone: ...

Morridow: ...She's ignoring us altogether.

Angelia: It feels as if she's keeping her distance deliberately, don't you think?

Morridow: Now that you mention it, I'm getting the same feeling.

Morridow: You're right, she does seem to be giving us a wide berth.

Morridow: I knew it—she's unhappy that we're visiting out of the blue!

Angelia: I wish it were that simple.

Morridow: Um, I-I don't think Frau Leone is petty enough to be mad because of your little disagreement.

Angelia: That's not what I meant.

Angelia: It wasn't even a disagreement. I simply asked a couple of questions, but she didn't give any straight answers.

Ange takes in her surroundings.

Angelia: I mean...

Angelia: Other than us, this huge greenhouse is completely empty.

Angelia: Don't you think that's odd?

Morridow: Huh?

Hopps: ...It's too quiet.

Angelia: Ms. Leone, eh?

Leone: ...!

A few steps away, Leone grows tense at Ange's question.

Angelia: Where are the other researchers?

Angelia: Surely you can't be the only one working in such a large institute.

Leone: Since we're having uninvited guests... I've sent everyone else home.

Angelia: Uninvited guests, huh.

Angelia: What a barbed way of putting it.

Angelia: I didn't expect you to put the operation of your facility on hold for an entire day just because I'm here to visit. You're doing me too big a courtesy.

Leone: As I said, you are Chairwoman Ulrich's guests.

Angelia: Not too subtle, are you?

Whoosh.

Ange draws her pistol and aims it straight at Leone.

The latter flinches visibly. Off to the side, Hopps also reaches for his weapon out of reflex.

Morridow: Huh? What? H-Hold on a second? What are you doing?

Morridow: Frau Ange?!

Angelia: Tell me—where is everyone else?

Leone: ...

Leone's lips twitch, but she does not utter a word.

Beep—

The tension in the air is broken by the sudden ring of Ange's communicator.

Angelia: ...What is it? What have you found?

AN-94: Miss Ange, a large number of armed personnel is lying in ambush under the research facility.

AN-94: Please get out immediately. This is a trap.

Angelia: Got it.

Angelia: Wow, serving the main course straight away? Not even bothering with some warm-up?

Morridow: Wait... Huh? Ambush? A trap?

Morridow: What even? J-Just what is going on?!

Hopps has his firearm trained on Leone in the blink of an eye.

Hopps: Arms in the air!

Hopps: Get down on the floor!

Leone: Humph...

With two guns pointed at her, the agitated Leone suddenly lets out a sneer.

Leone: The ending...has been decided since the moment you came in.

Just then, Ange hears a series of soft and rapid clicks coming from above her head.

Then the entire space is filled with pale yellow pollen.

Morridow: What— P-Pollen?

Angelia: !

A pungent scent assaults Ange's nose, giving her no time to react.

The world spins around her and her surroundings distort into something else.

Angelia: ...What?

What is this place...

Angelia: How revolting...

Angelia: Giving me the whole spiel about plants being the hope for humanity then leading me straight into a trap.

In the ruins, a few stumbling ELIDs emerge from around the corner and shuffle towards Ange.

Angelia: I'm hallucinating... I've heard that certain pollens are hallucinogenic.

Angelia: But I didn't expect the effect to be so potent... Maybe it's been processed?

None of this is real. Ange knows that very well.

Angelia: Hallucinations... I know I'm just seeing things, but still.

Still...

She looks at the shambling ELIDs and takes a deep breath.

Angelia: Don't blame me no matter what I hit.

She places her finger on the trigger and takes aim at the "ELIDs".

—!

Just as she is about to pull the trigger...

A strong force dislodges the pistol from her hand.

Soon after that...

Her consciousness dissolves in chaos.
Part 3: Flower View

3

Bremen, Germany.

The Flora Institute's subsidiary flower plantation.

RPK-16: It smells really nice here.

AK-12: Never thought I'd ever have the chance of partnering with you.

RPK-16: Interacting with humans isn't exactly 15 and 94's forte.

RPK-16: Friendly and communicative Dolls like us are more suited to this mission.

AK-12: I'm friendly and communicative enough to handle this alone.

AK-12: You don't even have a pistol with you. What good will you be if things get out of hand?

RPK-16: We aren't authorized to fire on this mission anyway. Since my weapon is such a pain to lug around, I left it with 15.

RPK-16: With a senior veteran as dependable as you, I'm sure it won't be a problem even if I'm unarmed.

AK-12: Since when am I your senior?

AK-12: You didn't leave the factory that much later than me.

RPK-16: You've always been a well-respected team leader. 15 is always talking about you.

RPK-16: Sounds like you had a lot of fun when the three of you were training together. I'm jealous.

AK-12: 15 talking about me? Impossible.

AK-12: Actually, she doesn't talk, period.

AK-12: How do you know about our training days?

RPK-16: How indeed?

RPK-16: Maybe I nagged 15 enough that she spilled. Maybe 15 and I are closer than you think.

RPK-16: Or maybe, 15 didn't actually say anything, and I'm just talking out of my ass.

AK-12: How about you wipe that infuriating smirk off your face?

AK-12: It looks positively repulsive.

RPK-16: Heh... That's really mean. And here I thought I was being nice and approachable.

RPK-16: Do you really hate me so much?

AK-12: I wouldn't go that far.

AK-12: But since you've adopted this persona...

AK-12: Surely you're aware that people won't find it easy to trust you?

RPK-16: What exactly do you mean by that?

RPK-16: I honestly never thought there was anything wrong with my ways.

RPK-16: Would an aphid munching on a flower think they're doing something wrong?

AK-12: Then let me give it to you straight.

AK-12: You reek of danger.

AK-12: There may be some that actually find you friendly and easy-going.

AK-12: But to me, you might as well be a deadly nightshade.

RPK-16: Oh, is it just my imagination?

RPK-16: Or have you also gotten in the habit of using figures of speech?

RPK-16: I love this kind of human rhetoric.

RPK-16: Describing one thing as something that it clearly isn't, in order to lead the mind to compare them.

RPK-16: Almost as if to test my understanding of the world.

AK-12: It was just a momentary urge.

AK-12: Besides, my metaphors are much better than yours.

RPK-16: I see someone, dear senior.

RPK-16: Enough idle chit-chat.

RPK-16: Let's go up and greet them.

Floriculturist: Mm?

Floriculturist: Oh my... What lovely beauties.

RPK-16: Haha, stop pulling our legs.

RPK-16: People may mistake you for a lecherous Italian if you say that to women you've never met.

Floriculturist: Oh, sorry.

Floriculturist: It's just we rarely ever have female visitors here.

Floriculturist: What brings you to the plantation, if I may ask?

AK-12: We're just here on a simple visit.

AK-12: Beautiful flowers go well with beautiful women, don't they?

AK-12: It's all thanks to the hard work of you people.

Floriculturist: I-I see...

Floriculturist: Did she just call herself beautiful...?

RPK-16: Never thought someone would call herself beautiful. I suppose that's just like you.

AK-12: Does anyone disagree with that fact?

Floriculturist: C-Certainly not!

Floriculturist: She called it a fact!

RPK-16: I hear that all the flower plantations in this area operate under the Flora Institute?

RPK-16: How truly impressive. I'm in awe at the sheer scale.

Floriculturist: But of course! Not trying to brag, but you won't find another flower plantation as big as ours in the entire country!

AK-12: Does the Flora Institute really need all these flowers?

Floriculturist: Haha, they certainly can't take them all at once.

Floriculturist: But they do buy up 50 to 60% of everything we grow here.

RPK-16: 50-60%... That's still quite a staggering figure.

RPK-16: What do they need the flowers for?

Floriculturist: That's not something for us to know.

Floriculturist: They could be cooking and eating them for all we care! It's none of our business anyway.

RPK-16: You don't seem at all attached to your hard-earned produce.

AK-12: What about the rest? Do you just throw them away?

Floriculturist: That would be a waste!

Floriculturist: We sell them. People like florists and wedding organizers also need fresh flowers.

Floriculturist: Our plantations do technically belong to the Flora Institute.

Floriculturist: But since we're just one of their subcontractors, as long as we meet their demand, we can handle the remaining crops at our own discretion.

AK-12 & RPK-16: ...

The two Dolls exchange a glance.

AK-12: So basically...

???: Hey.

Floriculturist: Oh... M-Mr. Supervisor!

Supervisor?: Why are you slacking over here, old man...?

Supervisor?: I thought I was the only one who have the right to slack here.

Supervisor?: I'm not to blame if you don't have a decent harvest... Oh? Did you kidnap these pretty ladies to be your flower girls?

RPK-16: He is even more of a talker than you, Lucia.

RPK-16: Mind if I widen his mouth, possibly in pain?

AK-12: Be my guest.

Supervisor: Haha, it is my pleasure to have a beautiful lady caress my lips.

RPK-16: Wow... That's so icky you manage to gross me out. Impressive.

AK-12: So you're their superior?

Supervisor: That's right, I'm their superior.

Supervisor: ...Am I not?

Floriculturist: Uh... Well...

Floriculturist: Of...of course you are!

Floriculturist: You're the supervisor sent by the institute to oversee us.

Supervisor: You hear that?

Supervisor: He says I'm his supervisor.

AK-12: He doesn't seem to be the sharpest tool in the shed.

Supervisor: I've been watching you for a while now.

Supervisor: You've been asking all sorts of questions.

Supervisor: You're not corporate spies, are you?

Floriculturist: Huh? You're spies?!

RPK-16: You've been watching us?

RPK-16: That sounds like something a creep would say.

AK-12: If you weren't up to no good, why didn't you just come and strike up a proper conversation?

RPK-16: The way you were sneaking about, it seems to me you're very anxious to find out what questions we're asking.

RPK-16: Maybe you're the corporate spy?

Supervisor: ...Huh? Me?

Supervisor: Don't be silly, hahahaha...

AK-12: You seem to know a lot of things that we don't.

AK-12: Would you mind having a little chat with us pretty ladies?

RPK-16: We really are curious.

RPK-16: After all, this kind sir here has mentioned something very intriguing.

RPK-16: Surely a gentleman like you won't refuse our invitation?

Floriculturist: I-I really didn't tell them anything!

Floriculturist: Um, I need to get back to work!

Sensing the odd atmosphere, the floriculturist scurries away.

AK-12: You got left behind.

Supervisor: Hey, wait!

Supervisor: Damn heartless guy. I thought we were bros!

RPK-16: Drop the act, Mr. Supervisor.

RPK-16: You don't actually know the floriculturists here all that well, do you?

RPK-16: From the awkwardness between you, it's obvious that you barely know your "bro".

Supervisor: ...Uh.

AK-12: Well, Mr. Supervisor?

AK-12: Mind telling us what you know?

Supervisor: Oh boy... Can't be helped then.

Supervisor: In that case, please follow me.

Supervisor: Here we are... Please head inside.

AK-12: ...Hm?

RPK-16: Oops.

Once the two Dolls have entered the building, the door slams shut behind them.

Supervisor: I did try to warn you.

Supervisor: This isn't somewhere two pretty ladies should be wandering around.

AK-12: Crap. We've been had.

RPK-16: Dear me, it turned out to be a trap.

In the face of a room filled with fully-armed soldiers, the two Dolls grin in unison.
Part 4: Gathering Frost Wolves

4

Bremen, Germany.

Flora Botanical Research Institute.

At the back entrance.

AK-15: I've masked us from the surveillance system.

AN-94: What's the security status?

AK-15: All clear.

AN-94: Understood.

AN-94: Restate our objective.

AK-15: Ange will distract the staff out front.

AK-15: Meanwhile, we will infiltrate the facility and search for clues and evidence of any floral experiments.

AK-15: We are also to investigate William's connection with this institute.

AN-94: ...I will be in charge of the mission. Is that okay with you?

AK-15: I have no objections.

AN-94: Actually...

AN-94: If you have a problem with that, we can switch roles.

AK-15: Only one brain is necessary for the mission.

AK-15: It has already been decided that you will take charge.

AK-15: I do not question that decision.

AN-94: I don't understand why Ange has put me in charge...

AN-94: You have more field experience than me.

AK-15: Experience and leadership are different.

AK-15: You are more skilled in command.

AK-15: Past training records have concluded that I am not effective in making tactical decisions. Deferring to your judgment is more efficient.

AN-94: You've changed a lot.

AK-15: I have not changed. I still dislike convoluted strategies.

AK-15: You and RPK are both capable of completing objectives in an efficient manner, which I approve.

AK-15: But 12 is different. As long as AK-12 is not in command, I have no complaints.

AN-94: 12 always has her reasons.

AK-15: Which she never bothers to tell us.

AK-15: My dissatisfaction with her stems from her tendency of getting sidetracked by other irrelevant objectives and making our mission unnecessarily challenging.

AN-94: But those objectives often end up helping a lot of people.

AK-15: Her gratuitous compassion could result in the failure of our missions.

AK-15: She may have weighed the odds, but she never justifies her reasons to me.

AK-15: Unlike you, I cannot give her my unconditional trust.

AN-94: Ahem. Will you be alright with just a pistol?

AK-15: No problem. Light firearms are better suited for infiltrations.

AK-15: Besides, my own rifle is right here in the case.

AN-94: Right. I will provide fire support when needed.

AK-15: Please.

AN-94: Ange is entering the greenhouse.

AK-15: What are our engagement protocols?

AN-94: Secrecy is paramount. No explosives at any cost.

AN-94: Also try to avoid opening fire if at all possible.

AK-15: Roger that.

AK-15 tugs at her tactical gloves and presses herself against the wall.

The two Dolls are breaking into the building through an emergency exit.

There are four such exits altogether at the Flora laboratories.

AN-94 has chosen this particular one because she believes it is the safest option.

AK-15: There's a safety lock.

AN-94: Can you break it?

AK-15: Yes.

AK-15 wraps her hand around the lock and tears it right off.

Clang!

The sound of metal rupturing is short and sharp.

AN-94: Go.

AN-94: Hush.

On their way in, AN-94 gestures for AK-15 to stop.

AK-15: ...What is it?

AN-94: According to Ange's topographic map, we'll soon be entering the restricted area.

AN-94: There will be researchers and security staff.

AN-94: Scan for life forms.

AK-15: I have, but I'm not detecting anyone.

AN-94: The scanner isn't picking up anyone?

AN-94: But the map shows that the working area is right there.

AK-15: I'm not seeing any life signs at all, not even plants.

AN-94: Let's get inside and have a look.

AN-94: Can you see any entrances?

AN-94: Try not to let any security cameras capture you.

AK-15: Hold on.

AN-94: What's wrong?

AK-15: This wall is way too thin.

AK-15 walks over to the corner.

Her eyes glow red as she scans the space. Then she activates a mechanism hidden at a desk.

Clatter...

AN-94: ...A hidden door?

AK-15: Should we go in?

AN-94: Yes.

AN-94: Stay vigilant and watch your surroundings.

AK-15: Understood.

AN-94: There is such a large subterranean structure.

AN-94: I didn't notice it at all.

AK-15: You would've spotted it if you had my eyes.

AK-15: Even without them, it would only be a matter of time for you to discover this place with your experience.

AN-94: ...Am I imagining things?

AN-94: You seem a bit too eager with your encouragement.

AK-15: I never encourage others. Encouragement itself is pointless.

AK-15: I am merely stating facts. You are an excellent operative, AN-94.

AK-15: And we will accomplish our mission. That's all there is to it.

AN-94: ...You're too kind, but you really don't have to baby me.

AN-94: I'm not the way I used to be.

AN-94: Wait... Look, over there.

Perhaps in an attempt to change the subject, AN-94 suddenly directs her attention to what lies ahead.

In the center of the room is a large amount of something very familiar to them.

AK-15: ...Epiphylla.

AN-94: In vast quantities.

AN-94: Where's the radiation detector?

AK-15: Scanning for radioactivity.

AK-15: These flowers contain a high concentration of radioactive particles.

AN-94: So Ange was right...

AK-15: And the containers.

AK-15: Looks like these flowers are about to be packed and transported.

AN-94: The flowers the Commander has discovered must have originated from here.

AK-15: What do we do?

AN-94: Don't alert them just yet.

AN-94: Let me report this to Ange.

AK-15: Right.

AK-15 takes several steps forward, ready to investigate further.

AN-94: Stop.

AK-15: What is it?

AN-94: Hush.

AN-94 gestures for her to keep quiet. Then she creeps carefully up to the corner and stoops.

AN-94: Someone's there.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 clams up and makes her way rapidly to another spot for better observation.

AK-15: There are a lot of them, and they're all armed.

AK-15: But they show no signs of having noticed us.

AN-94: They probably did not expect anyone to venture so deep into the facility.

AN-94: Stay hidden...and avoid a direct confrontation for now.

AK-15: I believe that would be difficult.

AN-94: Hm?

AK-15: Even for a restricted facility, they are a bit too well-armed.

AK-15: They look more like a quick reaction force lying in ambush than regular security staff to me.

AN-94: Ambush?

The realization strikes AN-94 immediately.

AN-94: I see...

AN-94: They're here for Ange.

AK-15: Looks like Ange was correct.

AK-15: However, her visit was arranged at very short notice.

AK-15: If Ange really is the target of this ambush, then they've been extremely quick.

AN-94: This is the only possible explanation at the moment.

AN-94: Even if I'm wrong, we must still inform Ange ASAP.

AK-15: Understood. I'll cover you.

AK-15 crouches down and takes her assault rifle out of the case.

Click.

At the same time, AN-94 gets in touch with Ange.

Angelia: ...What is it? What have you found?

AN-94: Miss Ange, a large number of armed personnel is lying in ambush under the research facility.

AN-94: Please get out immediately. This is a trap.

Angelia: ...Got it.

Click.

Ange hangs up.

AK-15: 94.

AN-94: Hm?

AK-15: They're on the move.

AN-94: ...Ange won't make it in time.

AK-15: What should we do?

AK-15: The human bodyguard can't handle this many enemies.

AK-15: We have to go to Ange's rescue.

Bang bang!

A series of gunshots erupt to the side almost instantaneously.

AN-94: There are even more of them!

Bang!

Several bullets come whizzing towards their cover from the other end of the room.

From their assaulters' angry shouts, it is obvious that they have spotted the two uninvited guests.

AK-15: What now?

AK-15: Do we return fire or retreat?

AK-15: Decide.

AN-94 does not have to make decisions very often. She has never been particularly good at it.

What would AK-12 do in this situation? What does AK-15 want her decision to be?

AN-94: What do you suggest?

AK-15: You're the one in charge.

AK-15: I defer to your judgment.

AN-94: Alright... New objective.

Clack.

AN-94 pauses briefly and pulls the bolt on her rifle.

AN-94: Exterminate all enemy units.

AN-94: Then we rescue Ange.

AK-15: Roger that.
Part 5: Light Show

5

Bremen, Germany.

City Hall.

Knock knock.

Ulrich: Come in.

K: ...

Ulrich: Welcome... Do I still need to call you K?

Ulrich: Or should it be Herr Schwaben?

K: Call me whatever you want.

K: Why have you sent for me?

Ulrich: Asking questions like that only serves to lower my opinion of you, Kain.

Ulrich: Of course, if you truly do not know, then please close the door.

K: You're as sharp as ever, even though I've only just returned.

Ulrich: I'm very glad to see that you've made it back alive.

Ulrich: However, the wheels keep turning, and there's no time for us to catch our breath.

Ulrich: I've wasted enough time on mere pleasantries.

K: Your job is to be the kindly face.

K: But was everything you told Ange also mere pleasantries?

Ulrich: ...Not all of it.

Ulrich: Those Soviets saved my life, and my gratitude to her and her friends is sincere. I also believe that we wish for the same thing.

Ulrich: However, the fact that we're on different sides means that on the surface, at least, we cannot be truly frank and earnest with each other.

K: I'm sure she feels the same way.

K: However, there's a reason the Prometheans sent her over.

K: There'll definitely be a chance for us to work with Ange.

K: We've all seen her abilities, and she wants to solve the same problems that we do.

K: Also, she brought those two very useful Dolls with her.

K: Perhaps I'll be able to collect more data on them. After all, that fox was clearly hiding things from us last time.

Ulrich: But considering the problems she's facing, even the protection of the Wolf Pack is only delaying the inevitable.

Ulrich: The information Angelia possesses is enough to draw the world's attention.

Ulrich: It's not only us. "They" are also watching, ready to strike.

K: So the centipede keeps writhing, even when it's dead...

K: I guess this is their last stand.

Ulrich: Pathetic wretches.

Ulrich: They actually believe that they can use "Relics" to turn the tide.

Ulrich: Are the examples set by those politicians being arrested in Moscow not able to sway those numbskulls?

K: Idiots are often overly confident in themselves.

K: I will not let them touch Ange.

Ulrich: Very good. That is also your responsibility.

Ulrich: But don't underestimate the opposition. They still have enough backing to put up a fight right now.

Ulrich: You can glimpse their hand at work in the refugee situation.

Ulrich: ...What foolish chauvinists.

K: My people have been following the matter for a long time.

K: We'll get to the bottom of this.

Ulrich: It's not enough to get to the bottom of it, K.

Ulrich: We need to rip them up by the roots... But that is another matter.

Ulrich: I asked for you today because of...

K: The information Ange possesses?

Ulrich: Nobody knows what she found in William's lab besides her.

Ulrich: Not even you—who was present at the time—had the chance to come into contact with it.

Ulrich: The Prometheans aren't going to just hand over something that important.

Ulrich: Also, it's more reassuring to have certain things in your own hands.

K: I understand... Though there's one thing that intrigues me.

K: Ange and that Griffin Commander are on the same side. A civilian company is easier to handle than the Prometheans.

K: Have you considered taking advantage of that?

Ulrich: I can't, Kain.

Ulrich: That much is obvious.

Ulrich: I'm not an ungrateful person.

Ulrich: If I used Griffin as a bargaining chip, then I would definitely lose Ange's trust.

Ulrich: Personally, I quite like Angelia. Both she and the Commander are brave and upright people, and I am glad to call them my friends.

Ulrich: However, we can't always be on the same side due to national interests.

Ulrich: Right now, her trump card is that information from William's lab, which she won't divulge so easily for obvious reasons.

Ulrich: Fortunately, we've booked ourselves the best seats in the house.

Ulrich: Protect her, gain her trust, and the rest will surely follow.

K: Of course, I understand. However...

K: I believe that's not all you want to say?

K: If that was it, there'd be no need for you to summon me here.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: ...Yes. Frankly speaking, you are one of the few people in Bremen I can trust.

Ulrich: There are some personal things which I can only share with you.

K: To be honest, having that much trust placed in me is a little unsettling.

Ulrich: As the "Chairwoman", every word I just said was sincere.

Ulrich: We need Relic technology. Even if we don't use it ourselves, we need to have it in our hands for the sake of the Volk.

Ulrich: But as "Ulrich"...

Ulrich: Even if Angelia makes up her mind and refuses to leak any information...

Ulrich: I still do not want to see her harmed or threatened.

Ulrich: There are some matters over which I do not have full control.

Ulrich: There is still a lot of noise within the government, and it will take time for Rossartrism to be accepted.

Ulrich: Do you understand what I'm getting at, K?

K: So there are still many ruthless people out there...

Ulrich: And some of them are my superiors.

K: Well, this is quite the personal request. Still, you could have made it part of official business.

K: Regardless, I know how to proceed with the mission.

K: It's just...

Ulrich: Yes...?

K: It's just a bit surprising that you're being so honest, given that you're a politician.

K: Leaving me aside, if you told anyone else about this and they had it on tape...

K: Well, I imagine that would be the end of your career.

Ulrich: I know the risks I'm taking.

Ulrich: But I feel that I need to tell you what I really think.

K: Why is that? Why do you care so much about her?

Ulrich: Our ultimate goal is to become the shining beacon in a brave new world, K.

Ulrich: I often think back to those days in Belgrade.

Ulrich: This world needs people like Angelia. She doesn't just represent herself, but those who are like her as well.

Ulrich: She might be a Soviet, but the world has the impetus to forge ahead because of people like her as well as the Commander who saved me.

Ulrich: Only humans can improve humanity.

Ulrich: If you ask me, that spirit is far more valuable than Relic Technology.

K: I understand.

Ulrich: Thank you.

K: You're welcome. Frankly speaking, that is my intention as well.

K: But there's one more thing I'd like to ask you about.

Ulrich: "Paradeus"?

K: Yes... In other words, the reason why Ange has paid us this visit.

Ulrich: We know very little about them.

Ulrich: And I can't spare the manpower to dig into it. All we can do is take the minimum necessary measures to protect ourselves against them.

K: Our agency believes they have already infiltrated our government.

Ulrich: If that's true, it would explain the foolish actions taken by "them".

Ulrich: After all, it would be very hard for someone who was not a spy to do such things.

Ulrich: Ange will take care of them for us. All you need to do is work with her.

K: Very well. I'll take care of it.

Ulrich: Who's in charge of the operation?

K: It's "J".

Ulrich: ...

K: ...Don't look at me like that.

K: He's the best man for the job.

Ulrich: ...Let's leave that aside for now.

Ulrich: You may go.

Ulrich: Remember, don't give your trust easily.

Ulrich: Even the people close to you might be spies for "them".

K: And what about the people you assigned to Ange?

Ulrich: They...

Click—

K: Ah... Sorry.

Ulrich: It's alright, go ahead and take it.

K: Of course.

K: ...

K: ...What?

K: ...

K: Wait a minute, don't hang up, explain—!

Click.

Ulrich: Was it J?

K: ...Excuse me, ma'am. I have to leave now.

K: Angelia's been attacked.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: Go.

Ulrich: And make sure she's safe!

K: Understood!
Part 6: Hay Fever- End

    6chevron_right

Buzz...

The ringing in Ange's ears grows louder as she slowly regains consciousness. Then an intense pain akin to being stabbed by a thousand needles jolts her wide awake.

The sound of gunfire feels very distant. For a brief second, she thinks she is still hallucinating.

Angelia: ...Urk.

AK-12: Don't throw up on me, Ange.

AK-12: I like my outfit.

Angelia: A...AK-12?

Angelia: Where am I...?

Supervisor: Oh, stay still, Miss Ange. The stuff is still in your system.

Supervisor: You're very weak right now.

Angelia: ...!

The face of a stranger suddenly enters Ange's field of vision. She reaches for her weapon out of reflex but finds her holster empty.

Supervisor: Whoa, hold your horses!

Supervisor: Chill, I'm one of the good guys!

Angelia: ...Seeing as AK-12 has refrained from breaking your neck, I'll give you a chance to introduce yourself.

She feels a warm wetness coming down her nose. She wipes it away roughly and several drops of blood splatter on the ground.

Fighting to keep the dizziness at bay, she clenches her jaw and manages to squeeze that remark through her teeth.

Supervisor: You remember K?

Supervisor: I'm his colleague. You can call me J.

Supervisor: But don't worry, I'm not like him. As for what sets me apart...

Supervisor: Well, I can give you many examples, but I suppose the most obvious difference is in the face.

Angelia: The face?

J: Uh, what I mean is...

J: I'm obviously the more handsome one.

Angelia: ...

Ange's face remains completely deadpan.

J smiles sheepishly and passes her a handkerchief.

Ange ignores it and takes out a tissue from her pouch.

Angelia: ...The Stasi?

She tries to shake off the wooziness. That's when she realizes that besides AK-12, she's also surrounded by multiple armed guards.

AK-12: You were right on, Ange.

AK-12: These Stasi blokes have been investigating this place for a while. K has already arranged for them to assist us.

AK-12: You were incredibly lucky. When we arrived, you were just about to blow Miss Secretary's head open.

Morridow: M-My head?

Morridow: Really?!

Morridow starts frantically patting her own head in retrospective fear.

J: Did you just call me a "bloke"?

J: That didn't sound too nice.

J: I had only seen you in photos, but I feel like we've known each other for a lifetime!

Hopps: ...Gah.

Next to Ange, Morridow and Hopps aren't faring too well either. They seem to have woken up not long ago.

Morridow seems to be in especially rough shape. Compared to the strong and burly Hopps, her immune system is clearly much less robust—her face is white as a sheet.

Hopps, on the other hand, looks absolutely livid as he covers his nose with a hand.

J: Having a nosebleed?

Hopps: ...So what?

J: That checks out.

J: Do you have any idea what it was that you inhaled?

J: That yellow powder... Hm... I estimate that you three have less than two hours to live.

Hopps: What?!

J: Hahahaha, your faces were hilarious!

J: Relax. I was just kidding. You'll be fine after some rest.

Hopps: ...You call yourself an agent of the Stasi?

Hopps: What a joke.

Morridow: Y...You scared the living daylights out of me... I was about to start writing my last will!

Angelia: Looks like you've got the situation under control. Where's Leone?

AK-12: We didn't see anyone else other than the three of you.

AK-12: Also, you're not out of danger yet. The enemy forces that AN-94 reported are surrounding this place.

AK-12: Since you're in no state to move, evacuation is impossible.

Angelia: Help me up...

Angelia: What kind of enemy forces are we talking about?

AK-12: Just a ragtag group of thugs—nothing to worry about.

AK-12: They barely know how to use their weapons.

AK-12: We killed a few of them. Now they're all hovering outside, too afraid to come in.

J: They've probably realized that their plan was falling apart.

J: Yet they still refuse to give up. Other than Dolls, only those zealots would be so tenacious.

Angelia: ...Zealots?

J: Yep, as in fanatics.

J: The Flora Institute actually masks a cult where members have a maniacal obsession with plants and worship them.

J: They even believe that plants are more advanced life forms, whereas humans are mere fertilizers. Scary, isn't it?

Angelia: ...Paradeus?

J: So you've heard of Paradeus...

J: But no, unlike Paradeus, this is just a regular cult.

Angelia: They can't be just a "regular" cult. They've got to be related to Paradeus.

J: You think so?

J: But even if you're right, that's none of my business. Paradeus isn't my case.

J: Sheesh, you made me break cover and just like that, my mission is now in shambles.

J: I haven't even finished compiling the chain of evidence.

J: But seeing that Miss White Wolf here is such a stunning beauty, I'll let it slide.

AK-12: Can I break his fingers, Ange?

Boom!

Morridow: Eeeeeep!

Morridow: W-What's going on?

J: For someone in a weakened state, you're very loud...

AK-12: I told you, they're hardly any trouble.

AK-12: We'll just have to wait it out.

A commotion erupts outside the door and subsides just as abruptly.

Then...the door is slowly pushed open.

Stasi Agent: !

The Stasi agents raise their weapons simultaneously, but they are quite taken aback by the ones coming in.

AK-15: ...

AN-94: Sorry we're late.

AK-12: Not at all, 94. Your friend hasn't been slowing you down, has she?

AK-12: You're right on time.

Morridow: Uh... Ah!

Morridow: S-So you must be the other DEFY members...!

Morridow: You're just like the Valkyries!

Angelia: ...Well done, but it's not over yet.

Angelia: They're too well-armed for a mere cult.

Angelia: They've got to be storing more information and clues somewhere. Our job here isn't over until we find them.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: ...Where's RPK-16?

AK-12: Humph... That fox has a good nose on her.

Leone: No, this isn't right... Dammit! Where did it go wrong?!

In the underground research area, Leone is huddling inside her own office.

The plan was supposed to be perfect! We...We managed to obtain so many weapons! How did we get defeated?!

Leone: Why is the Stasi here?

Leone: Even our backup forces got wiped out... You can't be serious! Nobody told me we'd be going up against a bunch of monstrous Dolls!

Those silvery white figures haunt Leone's mind like nightmarish phantoms.

Normal humans are no match for the Tactical Dolls that Angelia has by her side.

Even though they were vastly outnumbered, those ruffians given weapons with no training must have been like mere children to them.

???: Monsters. Oh god, they're monsters.

???: They wear human faces, but the things they do are beyond human comprehension.

???: That's what you'd call monsters.

Leone: Who... Urk!

Leone does not notice the approaching figure until she hears an amused chuckle. Unnerved, she draws a pistol from her waist by reflex.

But in just an instant, her wrist is clenched by a hand strong as a vise, and what follows is excruciating pain.

Leone: Argh... Aaaaaaaaaargh!

Leone: M-My arm!

The pain causes Leone to loosen her grip and the pistol clatters on the floor.

That's when Leone gets a clear look at her assailant—billowy hair as pale as the Devil's bones.

RPK-16: Watch your feet.

The grinning Doll swipes with her left leg, knocking Leone heavily onto the ground.

Leone's broken right wrist still in her deadly clasp, the Doll pins the woman down with her knee.

RPK-16: I do apologize.

RPK-16: I'm not armed, so I'm afraid I have to be rough.

Leone: You...ugh...argh!

The severe pain has jolted Leone's mind into sharp focus.

Drops of sweat glisten on her forehead. She finds it hard to believe that the Doll has snuck up to her without her noticing.

RPK-16: Now, could you please tell me...

RPK-16: Where do you store your research material?

Leone: You...wish... I will never hand it over to you basta...

Snap.

Leone: Aaaaaargh!

RPK-16 breaks Leone's right index finger.

RPK-16: That's not what I want to hear, you know?

The girl wears a slight smile, but her grip on the latter's broken wrist is as tight as ever.

She coos amorously into Leone's ear like a lover.

Leone: (Coughs) You...

Leone: You damn mechanical...bitch...

RPK-16: Still strong enough to hurl insults, eh? You've got some spine for a simple office worker, I'll give you that.

Leone: I will not...submit...to low-life like you...!

RPK-16: You're absolutely right. I do seem to be wasting my breath.

Snap.

Leone: Gaaah!

Leone: No... Stop! Stop it, you Devil!

Leone pants frantically.

Despite having another of her fingers broken, her reaction is a lot less intense than before, as if she is getting acclimated to the pain.

RPK-16: I knew it—even you are afraid of death.

RPK-16: Though being turned into compost is perfectly in line with your ideology.

RPK-16: Isn't human life supposed to be totally worthless?

RPK-16: So why are you clinging onto it so desperately?

Leone: You...heartless monster!

Leone: What do you know?!

RPK-16: Yes, I'm a werewolf; I'm a Yeti; I'm Frankenstein's monster.

RPK-16: But what about you?

RPK-16: You're just a pathetic human.

Leone: Pathetic? What...gives you the right to humiliate me?

Leone: You think you can ridicule my belief just because you have me at your mercy?

Leone: You, a mere machine?!

RPK-16: Can't I?

RPK-16: You think of yourself as a martyr, yet you're no less a coward than anyone else in face of death.

RPK-16: You might try to justify your cowardice by claiming that you wish to do more to further your cause.

RPK-16: However, you have done nothing but dance on a string to someone else's tune this whole time.

RPK-16: To a spectator like me...

RPK-16: You're not even dancing the Kazachok; you're just clowning around.

Leone: Y-You're calling me a clown?

Leone: I-I will not abide by your insults...!

Leone: I will not let you...!

RPK-16: How pitiful... Other than such undignified howls, don't you have anything more effective to say in your defense?

RPK-16: I just don't understand. Is it really so hard for humans to admit their own mistakes?

RPK-16: A human who believes it's wrong for humankind to exist—what a bizarre paradox.

Leone: (Gasps)

Leone clenches her teeth. She is on the verge of passing out because of the pain.

Even she doesn't know how she can still muster the strength to make rebukes in her current state.

As she struggles to keep the pain at bay, the T-Doll's sinister voice once again comes whispering into her ear.

RPK-16: Has it really never occurred to you...

RPK-16: Just how laughable your actions have been?

Leone: ...What do you mean?

RPK-16: Your plan is way too shabby.

RPK-16: You may think that you still stand a good chance simply because you're now in possession of a force that's beyond your wildest imagination.

RPK-16: Those thugs were probably your wretched followers, but you certainly didn't conjure all those weapons out of thin air.

Leone: ...

Leone's breath grows steadier.

RPK-16 can tell that she is slowly coming to her senses, that her words are starting to sink in.

She continues to murmur into the human's ear.

RPK-16: Someone must have given you those weapons, am I right? It is pretty obvious that you and your friends aren't particularly good with guns.

RPK-16: Not to mention, I simply can't think of any good reason for you to kill Ange.

RPK-16: Which means...it wasn't your idea. You're acting on orders.

Leone: I'm being used. Is that what you're trying to say?

Leone's voice grows cold.

RPK-16: You don't sound surprised at all.

RPK-16: I suppose you expected as much.

Leone: I've known that all along.

Leone: I need resources for my research; they need my research.

Leone: We've both been using each other for our own ends from the very beginning. It's a mutually-beneficial relationship. Do you think I'd feel sorry for myself because of that?

She sneers triumphantly, believing that she has outsmarted RPK-16.

RPK-16: You have a point. You ARE an intelligent scientist.

RPK-16: You may not be a woman of the world, but you are not that gullible.

RPK-16: I suppose you have absolutely no problem with being sacrificed like a pawn?

Leone: ...Sacrificed?

RPK-16: A relationship is only "mutually-beneficial" when both parties acknowledge each other's value.

RPK-16: Unfortunately, you have chosen a terrible partner to begin with. You ask a tiger for its hide, and you end up getting toyed with like a rat.

RPK-16: Your role in this operation is a pawn to be sacrificed, nothing more. Do you still believe you're in control?

Leone: What is that supposed to mean?

RPK-16: Exactly that.

RPK-16: The one who gave you this task knew all along that you wouldn't succeed.

RPK-16: He pushed you into the fire and is clapping at the show on his own spectator's stand.

Leone: ...You're a lousy interrogator.

Leone: You think I'd buy your terrible lies?

RPK-16: Now I feel sorry for you. I'm surprised you still have any faith in them.

RPK-16: Do you honestly believe that the reason your plan is in shambles, that is, our involvement in this matter, is pure coincidence?

Leone: What are you getting at?

RPK-16: Ange's visit was a spontaneous decision, yet you were thoroughly prepared.

RPK-16: They're so well-informed, I'm starting to wonder if they've planted a mole...

RPK-16: But if Ange can't take a crap without them noticing, isn't it odd that they didn't take her T-Dolls' strength into consideration?

Leone: ...You Dolls look no different than humans.

RPK-16: You say that, but you're also starting to have your doubts, aren't you?

RPK-16: Hm, that's a good sign.

RPK-16: Now let me ask you another question. If you had really wanted to kill Ange...

RPK-16: Why would your partner give you nothing but weapons?

RPK-16: You might have been unaware of our strength, but surely your partner should've told you?

RPK-16: He knew none of your followers were trained professionals, yet he didn't lend you a single soldier. Stingy, isn't he?

Leone: ...

RPK-16 lets go of Leone's hand.

RPK-16: Do you understand now?

RPK-16: That's because weapons are cheap, while trained soldiers are very expensive.

RPK-16: Leaving that aside, you don't even seem to have what remotely looks like a backup plan.

RPK-16: Let me guess. Your partner didn't arrange for your escape, did he?

Leone: The weapons, the accurate information...

Leone: These were all nothing but a smokescreen?

RPK-16: As I said, a sacrificed pawn is all you are. That's the unmistakable truth.

RPK-16: He was just testing the waters to gauge our strength with your little stunt.

RPK-16: I'm sure he's very happy with the results.

RPK-16: He's probably also having a good laugh over how stupid you and your friends are.

RPK-16: Even so, do you still insist that what you did wasn't entirely pointless?

Leone: ...

Leone: ...I was tricked?

RPK-16: Would you like me to give you an answer?

Leone: I've always known this is how it would end...

Leone: I just didn't expect it to happen so soon.

RPK-16: You have my respect.

RPK-16: Only a moth would know how mesmerizing the flame is.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...You'll find what you want on the server. The physical key is behind the second drawer of the desk.

Leone: Look for it yourself.

RPK-16: Thank you.

RPK-16 slowly releases Leone and backs off a few paces to give her some room to collect herself.

Without even a glance at the scrambling human, she turns away and strolls towards the computer with one hand on the back of her neck.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Consecutive shots are fired and sparks fly off RPK-16's slender back.

When she turns around, she sees Leone pointing the revolver that was lying on the floor straight at her.

RPK-16: ...Why would you fire at a T-Doll in a bulletproof vest with a gun of that kind of caliber?

RPK-16: You know it wouldn't leave a scratch on me.

Bang!

RPK-16 tilts her head as a bullet brushes past her cheek, a glint of bright silver displacing the tip of her hair.

Leone: Why didn't you kill me?

RPK-16: My objective is to obtain those data.

RPK-16: You're the one who knows where they're stored.

Leone: But I've already given you the location.

RPK-16: I haven't confirmed it... Do you want me to kill you?

Leone: Compared to being humiliated by those sickening idealists, I much prefer this ending.

RPK-16: But I have no desire of putting you out of your misery.

RPK-16: Or should I say, there's no point in doing that.

Leone: ...I've answered your questions and given you what you want. Now it's your turn to answer mine.

Leone: If you'd been abandoned by the world and things were utterly hopeless, would you choose to die?

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Death is humans' prerogative. It's something I'm extremely envious of.

Leone: Humph... So THIS is our so-called "future"?

Leone: Haha, what a joke...

Leone pauses before letting out a sardonic chuckle.

Leone: If you are the "future", then I'd rather...

She slowly turns the muzzle of the gun towards herself and presses it against her left temple.

RPK-16 watches without batting an eyelash.

Click!

...Leone pulls the trigger, but the chamber is empty.

RPK-16 wipes her cheek with a thumb.

RPK-16: I counted correctly. That was the last round.

Leone: ...Even fate has betrayed me at this point.

RPK-16: It wasn't fate that betrayed you; it was yourself.

RPK-16: YOU made all the choices, and it was YOU who fired all the shots.

RPK-16 ignores Leone, who is in utter despair, and turns to the computer.

She unwraps the bandages around her neck to reveal a hidden "collar" before placing her case onto the desk.

She plugs herself in and turns on the computer.

RPK-16: ...Oh my.

However...

RPK-16: We've been...bamboozled.

There is nothing on the hard disk.

The research data, the communication logs with "a certain organization", and whatever else that RPK-16 expected to find, all of it is gone.

RPK-16 looks at Leone.

RPK-16: If only it were your doing.

RPK-16: At least you would have achieved something with your pitiful life.

RPK-16: Still, judging by the handiwork... They must've cleaned up long ago.

RPK-16: Right, I see.

She smiles mockingly.

RPK-16: In the end, he played us all like fiddles.

(Footsteps)

Angelia: ...There you are.

RPK-16: Oh, you found me.

Angelia: Give me a heads-up next time you wander off.

Angelia: What's the situation?

RPK-16: All information and research data have been wiped clean.

RPK-16: It doesn't seem to be Miss Leone's doing.

RPK-16: Our enemy is one step ahead of us.

Angelia: I know.

Angelia: This visit is just my way of saying hello.

Angelia: ...Hm?

Angelia: What's the matter with her?

RPK-16: Who knows? Probably lost all hope.

Angelia: Did you do this to her?

RPK-16: At least she's still alive. That's better than being dead, right?

Angelia: ...Humph.

Angelia: If she knows she's gonna spend the rest of her life in prison, she'll probably want to die.

RPK-16: Humans really do understand each other. She tried.

Angelia: You're a sick bastard.

Angelia: Hand her over to the Stasi for interrogation.

RPK-16: Come to think of it, I'm a bit curious.

RPK-16: Do you believe the world's future lies in plants?

Angelia: Of course not. What a load of crap.

Angelia: If plants could solve all the problems, why would they need us to do all the dirty work?

Angelia: What, did she convert you?

RPK-16: I don't know. What do you want me to say?

RPK-16: We Dolls are not unlike plants. Some humans consider us the future. They give us a purpose and hope we can point them towards "the correct path".

RPK-16: But who is to tell us what is correct?

RPK-16: If plants aren't the answer, are we?

Angelia: Did Leone brainwash you or something?

RPK-16: No, observing her behavior just gave me some food for thought.

Angelia: ...Alright, enough of your philosophical epiphany.

Angelia: Bring her back with us, this isn't over yet.

RPK-16: Your wish is my command, my lady.

On an aircraft headed to the former address of Zeratul-Worcester Pharmaceuticals.

Squad 404 is reading through the data provided by the Commander.

UMP9: So this pharma company paid several years' worth of expenses up front, but it's been abandoned for a few months now...

UMP9: And recently, they've picked up a signal from an unknown server...

UMP9: Sounds like an urban legend to me.

Gr G11: Are all these technical jargons actual words? This is way too hard for me to understand...

416: The company is mainly concerned with biomedicine, the development of biotechnological materials, and...

416: There's a surprising amount of info about it, but it just looks like an ordinary corporation.

416: What does the Commander want us to dig up?

UMP45: Well, we're getting a pretty penny for this job, so we'll have a hard time explaining ourselves if we don't find something valuable.

UMP45: As for the Commander's request...

???: "In order to rebuild Griffin, we request that you make this mission your top priority."

???: "We've sent you detailed files on the pharmaceutical company. It seems to be partnered with William, but we don't know what kind of cooperation they're engaged in."

???: "If you can find something, it might be able to help Ange."

???: "Take Squad 404 and check it out."

UMP45: ...

416: ...

416 follows the voice and pulls Anna out of a supply crate.

416: When did this brat sneak onboard?

Anna: I-I'll never tell you!

UMP45: It probably involved a lot of acting cute around Kalina.

UMP9: Anna, why are you following us?

Anna: I know that drug plant you're investigating has something to do with Paradeus!

Anna: I also want to know what they did to me and what that medicine I took every day really was...

UMP9: You could've just waited until we come back to make our report.

Gr G11: Yeah... Why waste energy running around outside when you can sleep at the base...

Anna: Humph, you grown-ups are all so sneaky! There's no way I'd believe the lies you tell to trick kids!

Anna: I'm going to investigate on my own and witness the truth with my own eyes!

416: ...You're pretty smart.

UMP45: Tsk, another millstone around my neck.

Anna: Anyway, I'm here, so it's too late to turn back now!

UMP45: Oh, there are MANY ways to deal with deadweight.

UMP45: For instance, we could turn around and head back to base. Or...

UMP45: We could just toss you off the plane right now.

Anna: Y-You're just trying to scare me, right?

UMP45 unfastens her seat belt, then she picks up Anna with a smile and heads over to the cabin hatch. UMP9 plays along with perfect coordination and makes to open it.

UMP9: Bye, Anna. See you back at the base!

Anna: Nooooooo!!!!!

Anna: Big Sis 416! Big Sis Gr G11! Help meeeee!

416: ...

Gr G11: Zzz...

Anna: (Whimpers) Wait!

Anna: I-I can be useful too!

Anna: Sometimes, I get flashes of memories in my head...

Anna: They're very familiar, but they don't seem like they belong to me...

Anna: And recently, I saw a building that looks a lot like the drug plant!

UMP45: Now that's a very compelling reason to keep you around.

Anna: I mean, the place you're investigating has something to do with Nytos, right?

Anna: I'm sure I can help! And I promise I'll be good and listen to you!

UMP45 puts Anna down.

416: Let me make this clear, I'm limited to one piece of carry-on luggage.

UMP45: Well, we promised Ange we'd take care of this brat. If anything happens to her, we don't get paid.

UMP45: So you know which piece of luggage you should be discarding, right?

Gr G11 starts wide awake as she hears that keyword.

Gr G11: No... No way!!!

UMP9: Hahaha...

Laughter fills the aircraft's cabin.

Several hours later.

At the former address of Z-W Pharma.

416: So we flew for several hours to investigate this building which could collapse into rubble at any moment?

UMP45: Stay alert. We need to find the necessary info before we get crushed inside.

Gr G11: It's so spooky... Like the haunted house in the TV series I was binging last week...

Anna: I've got a bad feeling about this too...

UMP9: You know, if the two of you are scared, why not wait at the entr—

UMP9: Huh? Was that a Sangvis Dinergate that just ran past the door?

Before she can finish, a trembling Gr G11 has already climbed onto 416's back, and Anna is clinging to her coat.

Anna: What is it? Where?!

Gr G11: W-Why did you scare us all of a sudden?!

416: Hey! This isn't like what we agreed on, is it?!

UMP9: But I wasn't scaring you...

UMP45: Let's go, 9.

UMP45: We'll take point and give 416 more space.

UMP9: Sure thing, 45!

UMP9 understands UMP45's eye signal and immediately runs up after her.

416: Hey—

Squad 404 enters Z-W Pharmaceuticals.

Behind a dusty window, a mysterious figure darts past.

???: Those Griffin pests are here too?!

???: I need to tell her ASAP so we can come up with a plan...
Part 2

2

Foyer, ground floor of Zeratul-Worcester Pharmaceuticals.

Squad 404 begins a full search.

416: Looks like we're late.

416: This place has been cleared out. Only a few worthless items are left.

416: We should just go straight to the signal's position.

UMP9: This building used to be pretty fancy, you know.

UMP9: Just look at these extravagant crystal chandeliers, the well-carved sculptures, the exquisite oil paintings...

UMP9: It's a shame the place hasn't been cleaned for so long. Now it's all covered in dust.

UMP45: Hasn't been cleaned? More like "whoever came here doesn't know how to clean".

UMP45 kneels down and carefully examines the clear footprints on the dust-coated marble floor.

UMP9: Did we...leave these?

416: Look at the size of these two rows of footprints. We couldn't have made them unless we had two Annas around.

416: Also, there's a mess of jumbled-together footprints here. Did the local wild dogs get inside?

Gr G11: What if there's something following us...

Anna: Don't be stupid!

UMP45: Well, if we want to find out what it is, we'll just have to catch up to it.

UMP45's gaze follows the footprints to the other end of the foyer.

UMP45: Let's go. There's no intel in the foyer.

416: This is all too easy, aren't you worried that it's a trap?

UMP45: Of course it's a trap, and that's why it's worth investigating.

UMP45: More importantly, the ones who left these footprints might be old friends of ours.

UMP9: Huh? Could it be...

Tap tap tap—

A set of hurried footsteps echoes through the empty foyer.

Gr G11: Who...who's there?!

Anna: (Shrieks)

416: Quiet!

416: Who is it? Come out right now!

UMP45: They won't show themselves just because you holler at them.

UMP45: Since the opposition has extended a sincere invitation to us, it would be rude of us not to show up.

UMP45: 416, keep an eye on our two deadweights.

UMP45: 9, follow behind 416 and cover her.

UMP9: Okie!

416: You're talking to me like I was some kind of nanny Doll...

Squad 404 cautiously advances to where the sound of the footsteps vanished, and they see a beat-up radio around the corner.

UMP45: The footprints stop here. Are there no other paths?

UMP45: Looks like they escaped to another floor via the elevator.

UMP9: But there are so many floors, which one did they go to...?

416: According to the floor indicator next to the elevator, everything from the second floor up is the office area, Basements 1 and 2 are parking spaces...

416: Basement 3 isn't labelled, but it has a button of its own.

UMP45: Basement 3 looks very suspicious.

Gr G11: That's super ominous...

416: Anna, why are you spacing out?

Anna: I...I feel like I've been here before...

Anna: But I can't recall anything...

UMP45: Looks like we're in the right place, then. Let's go check out Basement 3.

416: It needs an ID card.

UMP45: Tsk. Hold on tight.

416: What? Oh no, not this again...

UMP9: Wahoo! I haven't felt this in a while!

Anna: What are you going to do?

Gr G11: Don't ask! Just hold on tight to 416!

Creakcreakcreak—

The old door slowly grinds shut, then the elevator plunges down like it's out of control...

Anna: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!

416: You're gonna break my legs at this rate!

416: UMP45! I forbid you to use this trick again!

In the blink of an eye, the elevator comes to a stop on the Basement 3 level.

As the elevator door opens, a pitch-dark abandoned warehouse comes into view.

UMP9: Is this...an underground warehouse?

UMP9: This is the first time I've seen a major corporation put a warehouse under their HQ.

UMP45: Given the scale of this company, something of this size wouldn't be big enough to hold their drugs.

UMP9: So you're saying...what they stored here were...

416: Things they couldn't make public.

Gr G11: In TV shows, people who know too much get silenced...

Anna: ...

Judging by the scrape marks on the ground, it would seem a lot of cargo has passed through this place. Now, however, all that's left are the remains of empty crates.

Squad 404 spreads out to investigate, seeking to piece the truth together from the fragments.

UMP9: It's just a mess of empty crates...

416: The shipping manifests have been shredded, and what's left has been scribbled all over.

416: All we can do is bring them home and see if we can make sense of them.

UMP9: Why were they using wooden crates?

UMP9: If they were only shipping medicines, wouldn't cardboard be enough?

UMP45: You raise an excellent point.

Anna: ...

Anna silently walks up to a crate and gently runs her fingers over the lid which now lies on the ground.

416: What did you find, Anna?

UMP45: ...

The insides of the box and its lid are covered in terrifying scratch marks. Each of them is dark brown, etched with pain and despair.

UMP9: This is...

416: ...

Anna: I...remember now...

Anna: I've been here before... I was stored here for some time...

Anna: But I don't remember where I came from...

Anna: I only remember spending a long time in the darkness, nauseous and suffocating. I was dizzy and bored out of my mind. Then my world finally lit up again...

UMP9: What...? So these boxes...

UMP45: ...

416: ...

...Inside the camera room.

Dreamer studies the monitor showing the warehouse thoughtfully.

Dreamer: She already knows this much despite being an unmodified juvenile?

Dreamer: I've been studying this for so many days without making much headway. To think I'd have a breakthrough right here.

Dreamer: I'm even beginning to like Griffin a little now.

Destroyer: What are we investigating?

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: You won't remember it in a couple of hours anyway, so why should I tell you?

Destroyer: C'mon, tell me! I know my memory has been deteriorating very quickly...

Destroyer: But...tellmetellmetellmetellme...

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: Our boss Elisa fired all of Sangvis Ferri, so now we need to find a new boss.

Dreamer: Griffin's so poor they can't even feed themselves, and the Military's pretty much on the verge of collapse.

Dreamer: That leaves Paradeus, who we don't understand at all. So we're going to do our homework and verify their strength.

Destroyer: But I don't like Paradeus' uniforms...

Dreamer: Do you really think you're in any position to be picky?

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: Then what should we do now?

Dreamer: We snatch that useful girl, of course.

Dreamer: Can't you even remember that after salvaging parts for so many days?

Destroyer: What do you mean by salvaging parts?

Destroyer: But those four are there too...

Dreamer: ...You forgot again?

Dreamer: What are you afraid of? Our objective is just to grab that juvenile Nyto. We don't have to fight the others.

Destroyer: So you mean...

After consoling Anna, 416's eye is drawn to a gray-colored object lying in the crate.

416: Gr G11! How can you even fall asleep inside that crate at a time like this?!

416: Get out of that at once!

Gr G11: (Whimpers) Don't pinch my face...

UMP9: Wait a minute, what's that under you, Gr G11?

Gr G11: No wonder it felt so uncomfy...

UMP9: These are... Doll parts?

UMP9: They don't look like Griffin-model parts...

UMP45: As I thought...

Snap—

The lights in the warehouse go out all of a sudden.

Many pairs of crimson eyes glow in the darkness.
Part 3

3

UMP45: All hostile Sangvis units destroyed.

Gr G11: What the hell was that...?

UMP9: What's S.F. doing here?

416: Wait a minute, did any of you see Anna?

UMP9: ...Anna?

Anna: Ahhhhh—

Anna: Mfff...

416: Anna!

Tap tap tap—

A series of footsteps vanishes near the elevator.

UMP9: Anna's gone!

416: Dammit! Did the bastard who ran off grab her?

416: After her!

UMP45: ...

UMP45: The elevator has been destroyed.

416: We totally fell for it!

416: Is this what you mean by "a sincere invitation"?!

416: May I sincerely invite you to go and die?

UMP45: Certainly, but then nobody will be able to help you get your luggage back.

416: You know where Anna went?

UMP45: I don't, but that shorty does.

UMP9: What shorty?

The warehouse lights suddenly come on, and a petite Doll stands tall upon a pile of empty crates.

Destroyer: Good evening, ladies of Squad 404!

Destroyer: Huh? What was I going to say next...?

UMP9: Wait a minute, that's Destroyer!

UMP9: What's S.F. doing in a place like this...?

Gr G11: Did we fall into S.F.'s trap...

416: Hey! Where did you take Anna?

Destroyer: Anna who?

Destroyer: Paradeus gave you such a beating, so why have you guys adopted one of their whelps?!

Destroyer: You'd be better off giving up your parts so I can fix myself...

416: Forget it, being an idiot is a defect of the neural cloud. You can't fix it by switching out parts.

Destroyer: You...you...

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: Wait a minute, what am I doing here?

Destroyer: ...What's this on my hand?

Destroyer: "Descend into the warehouse via zipline and delay 404 until we finish the encirclement. —Dreamer."

Destroyer: I remember now! Now then, goodbye, everyone.

Destroyer: Or should I say, so long.

UMP45: Your tactics have become far too sloppy without your Mastermind.

Destroyer: How dare you mention that traitor's name!

Several ziplines draw Destroyer into the upper levels through the ceiling.

416: Hold it! Where did you take Anna?!

Bangbangbang—

416 rushes at Destroyer while opening fire.

Destroyer: Humph, you can forget about catching up to me.

UMP45: 416! Hit the deck!

416: What?!

UMP45 runs after 416 and knocks her down.

Boom—

Following the explosion, the holes in the ceiling are blocked up.

UMP9: 45! 416! Are you two alright?

UMP45: I'm fine.

416: Dammit! We let that midget get away!

UMP45: At least we know what S.F. is after and their approximate location.

UMP45: Also, I noticed an interesting place...

Rustle, rustle...

416: What was that?

UMP9: It sounds really familiar...

Gr G11: W-What is that?!

UMP45: Our old friends, of course.

A massive swarm of Dinergates pour out from every corner of the warehouse.

UMP45: Prepare for battle.

UMP45: Cherish this chance to fight S.F. This is probably the last of their strength.
Part 4

4

Z-W Pharma's third-floor office area.

Destroyer is drawn up to the surface by the ziplines.

Her eyes look past the ruined furniture, searching for that familiar figure.

Destroyer: Dreamer! I'm back!

Destroyer: Quick, charge me up! I'm seeing stars again!

...Destroyer's words echo through the empty office.

Destroyer: Dreamer? I'm back!

...The feeling of desolation spreads from the torn-up floorboards up Destroyer's paralyzed body.

Destroyer: ...Hey! Dreamer!

Destroyer: D...Don't leave me...

Destroyer: I can't move! Help charge me up!

...A wave of uneasiness washes over her.

Destroyer: (Sobs) Did you get tired of me dragging you down?!

Destroyer: Do you not want to keep repairing me—

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: I was just wondering whose dog was whining so sadly. Kinda knew it would be you.

Destroyer: W-Where did you go?!

Destroyer: Quick, help me charge up!

Dreamer drags the immobilized Destroyer up to the power outlet and hooks her up to it.

After charging up, Destroyer can finally move her body again.

Dreamer: Alright, you wait here. I'm going to chat with that Nyto.

Destroyer: ...What Nyto?

Dreamer: ...

Anna: Lemme go! Lemme go! You two midgets!

Anna: When Big Sis 416 catches up to you, she'll stomp you flat with one foot!

Destroyer: ...

Dreamer: ...

They stuff a wad of waste paper into Anna's mouth.

Anna: Mfffff...

Anna: 416! 45! 9! Gr G...oh, forget her! Save me!

Meanwhile...

In the Basement Three warehouse of Z-W Pharma.

416: Won't those two shrimps be gone by the time we clear a path out of this heap?!

UMP9: But if we don't clear it, we'll be stuck here.

Gr G11: It's so dark...and I'm sleepy from digging...

416: UMP45!

416: Hurry up and think of something!

UMP45: There's a solution, but you forbade it just now.

416: ...

UMP9: Isn't the elevator broken?

UMP9: It's not just the buttons or whatever, the only thing left of the car is the roof!

UMP45: That's enough for me.

The three of them shudder at the sight of UMP45's grin.

Destroyer: My battery life is getting shorter and shorter... Now I'm seeing stars within five minutes!

Destroyer: If I don't get fixed, I'm going to end up as a wired Doll!

Dreamer: Well, it'll take a while to get used to wearing the collar.

Dreamer: Also, you've said that 17 times in the past 5 minutes.

Destroyer: ...Maybe you miscounted?

Dreamer: I'm not going to waste words on you. I need to get the info I need from that brat ASAP.

Anna: Mffffff!

Dreamer: Listen up, kid. I'm a very impatient person.

Dreamer: I'm going to ask a question, and you're going to give me a proper answer.

Dreamer: If you say something I don't want to hear, you might end up losing a body part...

Dreamer: And it'll go on until you can't speak...

Dreamer: So nod if you understand.

Anna nods tearily.

Dreamer removes the wad of paper from her mouth.

Dreamer: Good, no—

Anna: HELP ME! BIG SIS 45! BIG SIS 416! I'M HERE!!!

The paper goes back into Anna's mouth right away.

Dreamer: What an impudent little brat you are. Looks like you won't give me an honest answer if I don't use some tricks on you.

Dreamer: I wonder if the sedatives left by this company still work? I hope there's some scopolamine in there...

Dreamer rummages through the company's drug samples.

Anna's eyes grow wide as she sees the chemicals.

Destroyer: Hey, she's got a weird look on her face...

Dreamer: Is this drug really so potent on a Nyto?

Dreamer: She quieted down the moment she saw the packaging.

Destroyer: What do you mean she quieted down?

Destroyer: Can't you see she's twitching?!

Dreamer: Don't worry, I'm the best at dealing with twitchers or whatnot.

Destroyer: When did you pick up such weird skills?

Dreamer: I guess it started when I picked up a little pooch on a rainy day.

Dreamer takes out the wad of paper in Anna's mouth.

Anna mumbles to herself as she spasms violently.

Destroyer: What's she saying?

Dreamer: I hate dog, I hate dog, I hate dog, or some variation thereof.

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer leans forward and listens intently.

Anna: So dark... It's so dark...

Anna: I can't see anything...

Destroyer: Aren't the lights on?

Anna: I'm scared... Big Sis, I'm scared...

Anna: Where are they taking us...?

Destroyer: ...

Anna: It's so stuffy... I can't breathe...

Anna: I don't want to take that medicine anymore! I don't want to take the medicine!

Anna: I want to get out... Let me out!

Destroyer: Quit grabbing me!

Anna's hands reach straight out ahead of her and she flails around wildly.

Destroyer: What's the matter with her?!

Destroyer: Quick, do something to make her stop!

Dreamer: It's one thing to take care of a stupid Doll, but why do I have to take care of a stupid human too?!

Destroyer: ...

Dreamer forces Anna's arms down, and lifts her head up...

Dreamer: Now then, according to the "Human Pediatrics First Aid Encyclopedia", we should commence CPR.

Bang—

The locked door is violently busted open!

416: Die, Sangvis scum!

UMP9: Hand Anna over!

Their shouts echo through the empty office.

UMP9: They aren't here!

416: Dammit! On to the next floor!

UMP45: Wait a minute.

416: Whatever for?!

UMP45: I just hacked the control systems for this building. The third floor is consuming an unusually high amount of power.

UMP45: Coincidentally, the third floor is also where the server signal is the strongest.

UMP9: So that's their lair?

UMP45: Let's hurry, the power usage data just updated.

Z-W Pharma's third-floor office area.

Destroyer: What the hell was that?!

Dreamer calmly wipes the vomit off her face.

Dreamer: Humans truly are annoying, doesn't matter the age...

Destroyer: Are you alright?

Dreamer: This looks as dangerous as a dirty bomb, but it's actually nothing more than a harmless, albeit mildly acidic, semi-fluid. Still, it smells so disgusting I want to twist her head off.

Bang—

The locked door is violently busted open!

416: Die, Sangvis scum!

UMP9: Hand Anna over!

UMP45: 416, go get Anna. 9 and Gr G11, lay down suppressive fire to keep Dreamer at bay. I'll take care of Destroyer.

Dreamer: Oh my, they arrived earlier than I expected.

Destroyer: What should we do?!

Dreamer activates all the remaining S.F. forces.

Dreamer: Since there's no avoiding this, we should just enjoy it. ♪
Part 5

5

Z-W Pharma's third-floor office area.

After an intense battle, the floor is littered with S.F. remains.

Destroyer: Dreamer, we're the only ones left!

Dreamer: I have eyes, you know. I don't need you to tell me.

Destroyer: But what will we do now? What's your next plan?

Dreamer: Oh, my next plan?

Dreamer: How about getting on our knees and begging for mercy?

Destroyer: How can you make such lame jokes at a time like this!

Dreamer: A lame joke, huh...

Destroyer: I thought you could do everything!

Destroyer: You've always been able to come up with the perfect plan!

Destroyer: Why not now?

Dreamer: ...

Destroyer: You've been like this ever since Elisa left...

Destroyer: I don't even know why you've been dragging your feet when it comes to fixing me either; there's been no progress and all...

Destroyer: In the past, you were always able to finish things up quickly, whether it was modding me or rebuilding my body!

Destroyer: Are you even doing your best to help me? Even I can't bear to see how pathetic you've become now!

Dreamer: Oh my, I guess even a pupper has the audacity to bark at me. I must have hit rock bottom.

Destroyer: Y-You're just sad! I hate the way you are now!

Destroyer: Dammit, when did my power cable get cut?

Destroyer: I'm starting to see stars again...

UMP9: Infighting, is it...

UMP9: 45, what should we do?

UMP45: I'm contacting the Com—

416: You don't have any more S.F. minions to take bullets for you. Time for you to die!

After ensuring that Anna is safe, 416 raises her gun and takes aim at Dreamer.

Dreamer: I didn't expect things to end so soon.

Dreamer closes her eyes.

Bang—

Destroyer: You're not allowed...to die first...

Dreamer's eyes snap open.

The Doll that's standing in front of her has crashed once again.

Perhaps she's imagining things, but Dreamer feels an ache in her little finger.

Several days ago.

Destroyer: How many days has it been? Why haven't you fixed me yet?

Destroyer: I'm tired of being leashed to a power outlet!

Dreamer: If you're tired of living like this, you can always choose the other option.

Destroyer: Humph, no matter which option I choose, all I need to do is die before you.

Dreamer: ...I didn't know you had such a strong competitive streak.

Destroyer: Besides, you can live on just fine without me.

Destroyer: But if I were alone, I wouldn't know where to go or how to survive.

Dreamer: How unusual. Turns out idiots can be pretty self-aware too.

Destroyer: Therefore, I've decided..

Destroyer yanks a few strands of her hair free and messily ties them around Dreamer's little finger.

Destroyer: This is what humans do to signify a promise!

Destroyer: It's a deal, you can't die before me.

Dreamer glares at the long strand of white hair cinching her little finger. Her pocket holds nine other strands of hair that are now a messy ball.

Dreamer knows that Destroyer doesn't remember this is the tenth time she's made this promise today.

Dreamer: ...You do realize...

Destroyer: What?

Dreamer: Our hair isn't like human hair. It doesn't grow back by itself.

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: Huh?!

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: You kept yammering about how pathetic I was, but when the time came, you rushed up to take a bullet for me.

Dreamer: You really are...a loyal little pup.

Dreamer sneers and tosses aside her weapon, which has long since run out of ammo.

UMP45: Stop, 416. The Commander has something else in mind.

416: Why does she always have someone ready to die for her?!

UMP45: I applaud you for holding out this long.

Dreamer: Is wasting time on spouting nonsense in battle a Griffin specialty?

UMP45: Destroyer has crashed, so you can drop the act and stop pretending you've got things under control.

Dreamer: I didn't know I needed to put on a show in front of an idiot like that.

UMP45: Destroyer had suffered extensive damage at the Paldiski Submarine Base, hadn't she?

UMP45: It wasn't just her body. Even her neural cloud was affected.

UMP45: You've been stripping out your own parts just to keep her running.

UMP45: You're much slower than you used to be according to our combat logs.

Dreamer: ...

UMP45: I thought that was as far as you'd go for her.

UMP45: But when I got close to Destroyer, I spotted your name on her power-link data cable.

UMP45: Don't tell me you've even given her your battery?

Dreamer: Having the same voice whine and nag into my ear all day log is a nuisance.

Dreamer: If I could shut her up just by changing out my battery, of course I'd jump at the chance.

UMP45: But changing the battery didn't solve the issue. The fact is...Destroyer's problems were so complex that they're beyond your ability to fix.

UMP45: The only chance to properly repair her would be to return her to the factory.

Dreamer: Well, the bugs in an idiot's head aren't exactly fixable using conventional methods.

UMP45: Yet you kept all this from Destroyer.

Dreamer: Her mental capacity was so pitifully limited. Giving her all that information would have made her brains explode.

416: You really are a foolish pair of sisters.

UMP45: You're out of moves, or should I say you've long since been out of them.

UMP45: But you kept pretending to be totally on top of things, all just to maintain the illusion for Destroyer?

Dreamer: Well, I AM called Dreamer, after all.

Dreamer: You know how human entrepreneurs work. They paint a lovely pie-in-the-sky picture so that their minions would take hits for them.

UMP45: So, how long of an expiry date does your pie have?

Dreamer: Why are you acting like a success counselor ready to dispense guidance?

UMP45: Because I actually do have a pretty good proposal for you.

UMP45 turns her communicator's screen to face Dreamer.

Commander: It's been a while, Dreamer.

Dreamer: So you're still alive, Griffin Commander.

Commander: ...Alive, and living well.

Commander: Griffin's already started rebuilding. We've got a big base and we can take in a lot of Dolls.

Commander: The dorms are nice; the meal portions are big; we get annual leave every year...

Dreamer: Please get to the point. After all, a Doll's final moments are precious.

Commander: ...

Commander: What I'm saying is that just because we used to be enemies doesn't mean we always have to be enemies.

Commander: Sangvis Ferri is now in shambles. Elisa's gone, you've taken a major beating, and your forces are scattered all over the place.

Commander: Although Griffin has also barely escaped a lethal blow, I believe that everything will get better under my leadership.

Commander: But that is nowhere near enough. The enemies we'll have to face are very powerful, and we need to recruit greater strength, such as you.

Dreamer: Well, isn't that touching.

Commander: Therefore, I would like to bring Sangvis Ferri into Griffin's fold.

Commander: I hope you will continue to grow and develop in the Griffin base, and seek revenge on our mutual enemies.

Commander: Of course, Griffin will provide you with the things you need, such as a stable environment, repair bays, training facilities...

Dreamer: So to sum up your long-winded spiel, we're still going be enslaved and put to work; it will just be under a new slave driver.

Dreamer: Well, I'm honestly exhausted. All I want is to be left in peace, so that I can live out the rest of my days as a pathetic piece of junk, until all my parts finally give out.

Commander: Then what about Destroyer?

Dreamer: She's my pup. I'll take care of her until the end. She isn't your problem.

416: So, can we shoot them now?

Commander: Hold on.

Commander: 45, let them go.

Dreamer: Griffin Commander, aren't you afraid this will turn into a reenactment of "The Farmer and the Viper"?

Commander: It could just as well be "Crane's Return of a Favor".

Commander: Well, whether you're a viper or a crane, my offer still stands.

The transmission ends.

416: What the hell is wrong with the Commander?!

UMP9: 416, wanna pinch Anna's cheeks to cool off?

416: Gr G11's cheeks do the job better...

Gr G11: ...Hm?

UMP45: Well, you heard the Commander. Shouldn't you scamper off while you have the chance?

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: Every one of you in Griffin is weirder than the last.

Dreamer scoops up a stiff Destroyer and prepares to leave.

Dreamer: Oh yes, your new pet seems to like this medicine very much.

UMP45 catches the object Dreamer throws at her.

When she looks up again, Dreamer is gone.

UMP45: Well, wasn't that a stylish exit. She didn't even transfer the server data.

UMP9: Doesn't that mean we get to take it?

UMP9: Unfortunately, all the data files were wiped a long time ago. All that's left are a few Sangvis maintenance logs. I wonder how much we can recover once we bring it back.

UMP45: At the very least, we can turn something in.

UMP45: Stop gawking, 416. They're not coming back.

416: ...

416: Are they really going to throw in with Griffin?

UMP45: Who knows? The next time you see them, they might be on a Svarog Heavy Industries capture list.

UMP45 grins and reveals a Svarog HI target designator in her hand.
Part 6

    6chevron_right

Anna: What is this place...?

???: Anna...

Anna: Who's calling me?

???: It's me, Uncle Powell.

???: You're heading out today. Don't you remember?

Anna: Heading out?

Uncle Powell: Yes, heading out to your new home.

Uncle Powell: See, your mother and father from your new family have come to pick you up.

Uncle Powell: Come, be good and take your medicine, then you can leave this place and go to your new home.

Anna: I don't want to leave this place! I want to be with everyone!

Uncle Powell: Don't cry, Anna. Everyone will be going with you.

Anna looks back and sees countless wooden crates behind her, all sized to fit a child.

While she knows that the children lying in these crates are just sleeping, she can't shake the thought that the crates are their coffins.

Anna: No! I don't want to!

Pills are stuffed into Anna's mouth, and the tip of her tongue is numbed by the bitterness.

Uncle Powell: Shhh... Remember the story I told you?

Uncle Powell: Each child is a seed of infinite potential.

Uncle Powell: Some seeds blossom into beautiful flowers right after being planted. Others need to go through a long period of growing before they can bloom.

Uncle Powell: But what I forgot to tell you is that some seeds are destined to grow in the darkness forever...

Uncle Powell: For ever and ever, until they rot in the dirt...

Anna: No, no...

Z-W Pharma's third-floor office area.

416: Anna, Anna!

416: You're finally awake.

Anna: 416...

UMP9: Are you alright? Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?

Anna: I'm fine...

Gr G11: We're both sleeping, but why is it that when Anna wakes up, everyone falls over themselves to see if she's okay, but when I do, I get beaten up instead...

UMP45: Anna's still a child, after all, and you're an experienced wageslave.

UMP45: Also, I haven't docked your pay for sleeping on the job yet.

Gr G11: Ugh...

Anna: 45, I remembered something important...

At the Griffin temporary base.

Commander: ...In other words, most of the Nyto test subjects in the underground labs within the Paldiski Submarine Base came from orphanages.

Commander: William was working with them; the orphanages would routinely send their children to William for use in experiments.

Commander: And this Powell is an intermediary between William and the orphanages.

UMP45: Correct. We'll just have to wait for Ange to follow up on the lead.

Commander: It was truly a masterful move.

Commander: Nobody would care about the kids abandoned in the orphanages, who would be completely defenseless, ripe for the picking.

Commander: Moreover, orphanages everywhere have always suffered from overcrowding, so nobody would notice a few missing kids...

UMP45: To put it more ruthlessly, it would be a surefire moneymaker.

Commander: ...

Commander: And I suppose this drug plant also played a supporting role in all of this?

Commander: In order to improve the survival rate of the children he was transporting, William directed Zeratul-Worcester Pharmaceuticals to produce a forbidden drug.

Commander: This drug would slow the children's breathing and keep them asleep in their crates.

Commander: It wouldn't beat a proper inspection, but it would be more than enough to help them slip past minor checkpoints.

UMP45: In my experience, it's pretty easy to buy off the inspectors at those checkpoints.

Commander: If they knew what was in those crates...would they be able to sleep at night?

UMP45: Commander, not all humans have hearts.

UMP45: I believe you would know that better than myself.

Commander: ...

Commander: I've sent the drugs you brought back to the labs for chemical analysis.

Commander: According to Anna's testimony, those drugs have obvious flaws. Some of the kids would wake up mid-transit and start scrabbling and hyperventilating wildly when they find themselves locked inside a crate, which only has a limited supply of oxygen...

Commander: While others would take the drugs and never wake up...

UMP45: ...

Commander: There's no telling if the children who died early in the crates were luckier than those who survived the ravaging experiments...

Commander: I'm sorry for sending you to such a place of bloody evil.

UMP45: The place was cleaned up very well.

UMP45: But for the people involved, no amount of cleaning would get rid of the blood, filth and sin on their hands.

Commander: ...

UMP45: That's it for my report.

UMP45: Now I shall get back to the Griffin reconstruction mission.

Commander: Alright. Thank you.

UMP45 leaves the office.

The Commander turns to look at Anna, who's playing outside the window.

There's no hint of gloominess on her innocent, childish smile.

Commander: That's the kind of smile a child should have.

On a stormy night, someone is rummaging frantically through the room.

???: Dammit, why now?!

A flash of lightning snakes across the night sky, lighting up the interior of the room and revealing a lifeless face reflected on the window.

In the brief second of illumination, something seems to have caught the man's eyes. He steps over messy stacks of documents to reach it.

???: I can't believe you'd betray us, but I won't let you get away with it!

It thunders just as the clock on the wall strikes the hour and starts chiming.

...

Screeeeech!

The car screeches to a sudden halt, interrupting Ange's thoughts.

Chauffeur: Dammit! A stray dog darted across the road out of nowhere.

Morridow: Pfft, good thing it was just a dog.

Angelia: Hm?

Morridow turns to address Ange.

Morridow: Don't be alarmed. Some homeless guy dashed onto the road and robbed a car in this area not long ago, that's why Herr Chauffeur is so on edge.

Angelia: Homeless guy...?

Morridow: A number of refugees refused to enter the allocated refugee settlement and have been hanging around sparsely populated rural areas instead.

Morridow: There have already been quite a few burglaries and even murders. These people have no respect for the local law whatsoever.

Morridow: Ever since the incidents with the homeless refugees ganging up to rob passing cars, everyone has to be extra careful when driving out of the city.

Angelia: The orphanage is at such a remote location. Isn't that dangerous?

Morridow: We have security measures in place at the orphanage. The security staff is authorized to carry firearms.

Morridow: But it's true that things haven't been too peaceful around here. Apparently, there's been a few thefts.

Angelia: I have a bad feeling about this. How long will it take us to get there?

Morridow: We're still about a 30-minute drive away from Berle Orphanage.

Angelia: We'll be an hour late by the time we arrive.

Angelia: It's rude enough that we're visiting at 8pm.

Morridow: Can't be helped... It's raining like crazy...

Morridow: Who knew there would be a traffic accident and we would be stuck in a jam for so long?

Morridow: Besides, you only asked me to organize this meeting in the afternoon.

Angelia: That's because I only found out about certain matters this afternoon.

Morridow: Oh dear...

Morridow: Well, things being the way they are, if you think it's too late, I can call and postpone the meeting.

Angelia: No, we can't afford to waste any more time.

Angelia: It's been a whole week since we've captured Leone at the Flora Institute, but she hasn't really divulged anything.

Angelia: K told me that she seems to be associated with a local terrorist group called the GIP.

Morridow: Oh... The German Independence Party.

Morridow: That's a far-right organization with quite a lot of influence. It was outlawed several years ago as they've grown increasingly violent.

Morridow: The party's nominal manifesto is to push for economic and political reforms, prioritizing the livelihood of residents in the Green and White Zones. However, they're against the current asylum and migration policies and want nothing to do with governing the contamination zone. Basically, they're a bunch of racists.

Morridow: Ever since the refugee camps were set up in Bremen, murders targeting refugees have skyrocketed. All evidence uncovered by the police points toward this organization.

Angelia: Why would Leone be associated with the GIP?

Morridow: The GIP has always had some odd capital flow. The Flora Institute might be one of their money laundering channels.

Morridow: Even though the party has been outlawed, they still seem to have a lot of support from different organizations. Many citizens also aid them in secret.

Angelia: Well, I certainly wasn't expecting this...

Angelia: How unsettling.

Angelia: This GIP isn't directly related to our current investigation.

Angelia: If we're to go down this route, our only lead is the call logs on her phone.

Morridow: So you screened all the individuals who've had dealings with her?

Morridow: But of all her callers, why the director of the Berle Orphanage?

Angelia: I received a tip-off.

Morridow: And it tells you the orphanage smells fishy?

Morridow: That's why you think the housemother may be one of Leone's collaborators?

Morridow: That sounds a bit far-fetched... A cultist who studies plants and an orphanage director who takes care of kids...

Morridow: I just don't see a connection.

Angelia: That's why it's so suspicious.

Angelia: I hope the housemother will satisfy our curiosity.

Morridow: You're right, we'll find out when we meet her!

Morridow: Frau Isabelle is a very venerable figure in the neighborhood. I'm sure she can give us a lot of information.

Morridow: I have a feeling that this will be our breakthrough!

Angelia: I just hope you're not mistaken.

Morridow: Oh, we're here. Ten past nine, not too bad.

Angelia: We're ten minutes later than your ETA...

As the car drives through the main gates, they see a few dozens of children standing in two lines. Led by a graceful woman with silver hair, they start waving at the car.

???: Ready, children...

Children: Nos rêves si solitaires qui nous protègent contre toutes les peurs...

Children: Nos rêves si sincères qui nous éveillent nous donnant des ailes... ♪

Ange gets out of the car and follows Morridow toward the entourage. Among the group of mostly blond children, a few dark-haired ones stand out and draw her eyes.

Children: On n'oublie jamais le sourire des sœurs... ♪

Children: Des mots gravant à jamais sur la pierre... ♪

Children: L'espoir d'une vie retrouvée. ♪

Children: La...la...la...la... ♪

The silver-haired woman gestures with her hand and the children's singing comes to a stop.

Morridow: That was wonderful! Thank you, Frau Krone, for treating us to such sweet music.

Morridow: We apologize for keeping you waiting for so long. There was an accident on the road, please do forgive us.

Krone: There is nothing to forgive, Frau Morridow!

Krone: It is our greatest honor that PECMAR representatives deem our humble orphanage worth a visit.

Krone: These children really do desperately need the Convention's aid. We haven't been waiting for long; it was no trouble at all.

Morridow: Thank you for being so understanding, Frau Krone.

Morridow: Hello, children. We are representatives of the Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction, here on behalf of Chairwoman Ulrich. I am Morridow, her personal secretary, and this is Frau Angelia.

Morridow: The chairwoman has sent us to hear you out. Feel free to tell us whatever you need and how we may help you.

The children seem to be exhausted. They stare at Morridow blankly.

Krone immediately jumps in.

Krone: Hahaha, these children still have much to learn about manners, please don't take this personally.

Krone: It must have been a rough journey. The housemother is still waiting for you. Frau Morridow, Frau Angelia, this way please.

Krone turns abruptly. Her smile vanishes and her face grows stern.

Krone: Neele, Karin, lead the rest of the children back to the classroom.

Krone: Hands behind your back, start walking! Lillian, stop crying!

Lillian: (Sobs) I want Housemother...

Children: Tsk, Lillian is crying again.

Children: She's always whining for Housemother. Such a crybaby...

The girl called Lillian is very small. Being told off by the teacher only makes her cry harder. The other children start whispering to each other restlessly.

Krone: Silence! Lillian, don't make a fuss in front of our guests. Come here, I'll take you to Housemother.

Krone: Sorry for that. Lillian is still very young. The housemother says that she requires special attention.

Morridow: Oh, no worries. We understand that young toddlers do require extra care.

Krone: Thank you for your understanding.

Krone: Adam? Adam, are you there?

Adam: Frau Krone, what can I do for you?

Krone: Go and patrol the grounds with André.

Adam: But I'm just a temp, not a security guard.

Krone: With the representatives here, we must be on our guard!

Krone: What if more vagrants come stealing from us again?

André: Let's go, Adam. Stop complaining.

Adam: Argh... Why am I always doing things I didn't sign up for?

Angelia: Is that really necessary?

Angelia: We have a few bodyguards with us. They can watch the gates.

Krone: I'm really sorry, Frau Angelia.

Krone: Refugees have been breaking into our property to steal from our food stores for the last couple of days...

Krone: Nothing serious have happened, but it would be terrible if any of the children got hurt.

Krone: Not to mention we have such esteemed guests today...

Angelia: You're right, for the sake of the children, we must take this security issue seriously.

Angelia: Hopps, take your men to secure the front gates and entrance.

Hopps: Yes, ma'am.

Angelia: Lucia, Renate, you two come with me.

Angelia: Antje and Erwin, accompany the staff on their patrol and identify potential risks.

AN-94: Understood.

AK-15: Understood.

Adam: P...Patrol?

Adam: Two women?

Adam: Don't get me wrong, but these refugee syndicates are nothing to sneeze at.

Adam: If they come across female targets, they'll do a lot worse than mugging them.

Angelia: Don't worry, my subordinates have all undergone rigorous training.

Angelia: They can easily handle ten of you.

Angelia: No vagrant will dare enter this orphanage with them here.

Krone: Since Frau Angelia is so confident, you don't have to worry too much.

Adam: A...Alright...

Morridow: The staff doesn't seem to have realized that they're Dolls?

Angelia: I made sure their disguise is on point for this operation. Most people won't be able to tell the difference.

Angelia: Our job is to investigate. They'll have to communicate with a lot of civilians.

Angelia: It's wise not to advertise their true identity.

Morridow: You...you have a point.

Krone: Then please follow me.

Angelia: We're right behind you.

...

Krone: It's a bit dark in here. Watch your steps.

Krone: The housemother has been looking forward to your arrival. She was already telling me that the future of Berle Orphanage rests entirely on you.

Morridow: Right, Chairwoman Ulrich sent us to see what there is that we can do.

Morridow: The housemother's tireless effort in keeping the orphanage running so that these poor children have a roof above their heads is truly commendable, especially under current circumstances.

Krone: I'm sure she will be extremely heartened by your generous praise. This way, please.

Morridow and Krone keep up the small talk until the company reaches the door to the housemother's office.

The door is slightly ajar. Krone knocks on it lightly, but there is no reply. Lillian's tiny hand suddenly clutches tightly at the teacher's skirts.

Krone: Housemother, are you there? The representatives are here.

The teacher pushes the door open, only to reveal a dreadful scene.

Krone: Housemother??

A middle-aged woman is sprawled on the floor. Her puffy bluish face indicates that she has been dead for quite some time.

Morridow: Aaaaaah!

Angelia: Get out of the room, all of you!

Angelia: Lucia, examine the body.

Angelia: Renate, check the office.

Angelia: Collect visual records for everything.

AK-12 & RPK-16: Roger.

AK-12: Cause of death appears to be asphyxiation. Time of death is at around 6 this evening.

RPK-16: There is clear evidence of physical struggle. The drawers and cabinets have been rummaged.

RPK-16: All valuables have gone missing. On the surface, it looks like a robbery and murder.

Angelia: On the surface, huh...

Angelia: Ms. Krone, are there any surveillance cameras or security system in here?

Krone: Uh... N-No...

Krone: Due to the lack of funds... We can't afford such equipment...

Angelia: I understand.

Angelia: Morridow, call the police. Make sure you ask them when they will arrive.

Morridow: Um...

Angelia: Do it now!

Morridow: R-Right!

Once everyone has their orders, Ange starts inspecting the room herself. Documents are scattered everywhere, covering the floor like a layer of snow.

A breeze blows in through the slightly open window and sends a few sheets fluttering on the desk.

She studies the corpse on the floor and frowns.

Angelia: A robbery and murder...?

Angelia: The timing seems too much of a coincidence.

...

Krone: Frau Angelia, the...the housemother...

Angelia: She's not breathing.

Krone: Oh god...

Krone: How did this happen...?

Just then, Hopps, having heard Morridow's startled scream, comes charging in from the hallway.

Hopps: What's going on? Morridow told me the housemother was murdered in her office. Has there been a robbery?

Angelia: We can't tell for certain... But judging by the preliminary assessment of the crime scene, that does seem to be the case.

Angelia: I need your help. Seal the orphanage and don't let anyone in or out.

Hopps: I'm on it.

Krone: A robbery...?

Krone: Why would anyone do such a thing to the housemother?!

Krone: We've been devoting all our effort in doing good! What have we done to deserve this?!

Krone: Could it be the thieving refugees?

Krone: We didn't pursue the matter any further, but they still killed the housemother in cold blood!

Hopps: The refugees don't care what kind of charity you've done. To them, all locals are fair game.

Angelia: Antje, are you still outside?

AN-94: Yes.

Angelia: Check the surroundings. If someone had broken into the orphanage, they must've left traces.

AN-94: Understood. Erwin and I will start looking for clues.

Lillian: Noooo! No way! Not Housemother! This can't be real!

Lillian, having slipped into the office, clings to her stuffed toy in a death grip.

Krone: Lillian, what are you doing in here?! Get out. Housemother wouldn't want you to see this.

Lillian: This can't be real!

Krone: Go back to the others. Don't make a scene.

Lillian: (Wails) I...I'm not!

Lillian drops her stuffed toy as Krone forcefully drags her out of the room.

Ange walks toward to it and picks it up.

It looks raggedy and almost silly, but as she holds it in her hand, she has a feeling that there's more to this doll.

Lillian: Give it back!

Lillian: Housemother made it for me!

Lillian: She gave it to me herself!

Ange walks over to Lillian, kneels down, and hands the stuffed toy back to the girl.

Lillian hugs it vehemently. She is practically burrowing her head into it.

Angelia: I'm sorry.

Angelia: It must be very important to you.

Lillian glances at Ange quickly out of the corner of her eye and gives her a small nod.

Krone: I'm really sorry, Frau Angelia. I'll get the girl out of here.

Ange pats Lillian gently on the head and notices a slight change in the way the girl looks at her.

Just as she is about to say something, Krone whisks her out of the room and slams the door behind her.
Part 2: Piper

2

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

Even before the police arrive at the scene, Ange has already got Berle Orphanage sealed off as Task Force DEFY starts collecting evidence.

The children have been gathered in the music room. Krone is giving them a lesson to keep them calm.

Krone: ..."Look, the rats start following him."

Krone: "As if totally entranced, the rats trail after the Pied Piper mindlessly. The music draws them to the river, and the mesmerized rats jump into the water one after the other, until they all get washed away..."

RPK-16 enters the music room and takes a seat in the back.

Neele: I know! The townspeople later refuse to give the Pied Piper his due reward and only offer a single gold coin for his service, so the Pied Piper plays his pipe and kidnaps all the children from the town.

Neele: Frau Krone, the housemother has told this story many times!

Krone: Silence! Mind your manners in front of our guest.

Upon noticing RPK-16 sitting in the back, the lively and boisterous children immediately grow hushed and uneasy.

RPK-16: Ahaha, don't mind me.

RPK-16: Just think of me as Frau Krone's assistant.

Krone: That...that won't do at all!

RPK-16: In spite of the tragedy that has struck the orphanage, the investigation is still in progress.

RPK-16: We would like to keep aiding the orphanage in its operation depending on the situation.

Krone: Are...are you sure?

RPK-16: Of course. That's why if there's anything you want, do go ahead and tell me, okay? I'm a magician who can make wishes come true.

RPK-16 reaches into her pocket and fishes out sweets that she has prepared beforehand. The children immediately have her surrounded with glowing eyes.

She smiles as all the sweets are seized up in an instant.

Blue-eyed Boy: Hurray! Another nice lady with lots of candy!

RPK-16: Another?

Blue-eyed Boy: The dark-haired lady with you had also given us lots of snacks before!

Blue-eyed Boy: Pity she isn't here right now.

RPK-16: Dark-haired lady... You mean Miss Morridow?

A girl with light blond hair shuffles closer. RPK-16 sees her and hands her another piece of candy.

The girl shakes her head and does not accept it.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Um...

RPK-16: Call me Renate.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Renate, what will happen to us with Housemother gone?

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Will we be sent somewhere else? Will we have to starve?

RPK-16: Hm...?

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Both my parents are missing. Housemother took me in.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: She said I could stay here for as long as I want. But if Housemother isn't here anymore... Will the orphanage also close down...?

RPK-16: Well...

Blue-eyed Boy: Dummkopf! What a silly question! With Housemother gone, there'll be no one to tell us off and we can eat as much as we want!

Children: Yay! Hahahahahahaha...

The young children laugh and seem altogether unaffected by what happened, but the older ones look considerably more worried.

They look expectantly at RPK-16, hoping she could give them some definite answers.

RPK-16 smiles. She could easily make up something to comfort these children, but just as the words reach the tip of her tongue, she stops.

RPK-16: Don't worry. There will be a way.

The blond girl looks visibly disappointed. She has heard such perfunctory reassurance all too many times.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Housemother said we had to stay where she could see us or the demons would snatch us away.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: The demons have already got to a few of my friends. Now that Housemother is gone, will the demons come again?

RPK-16: Demons?

The children fall silent. Their fear is palpable.

Tears are trailing down the blond girl's face.

Even the blue-eyed boy looks down with unease.

RPK-16: Ms. Krone... What's the deal with these demons?

Krone: I'm sorry, we shouldn't talk about such things in front of the children. Let's speak somewhere else.

Krone gestures to RPK-16.

The Doll gets the message and follows her out of the music room.

Krone: Apologies. That must have been very confusing.

RPK-16: Hm, it didn't sound like mere fairy tales.

RPK-16: I would like to know more about their "demons".

Krone: (Sighs) I suppose there's no way we can hide this from you any longer.

Krone: Now that the housemother is dead, there's no point in hiding it anyway.

RPK-16: What have you been hiding?

Krone: To tell you the truth...there have been four cases of missing children at the orphanage...

Krone: Every time it happened, the child was present at dinner but nowhere to be found the next morning during roll call.

Krone: After the first child had gone missing, in an attempt to prevent it from happening again, we gathered all the children and kept them in one place at a time. However, children still kept going missing.

RPK-16: Did you not call the police?

Krone: We did, but police investigation was inconclusive.

Krone: They couldn't care less that a few orphans disappeared.

Krone: I once suggested to Housemother that we could hire journalists to report the cases in the papers.

Krone: But she was worried that the bad press would endanger the operation of the orphanage, so I gave up on that idea.

Krone: Still, weird rumors started circulating that our orphanage was involved in child trafficking...

RPK-16: Child trafficking?

Krone: They were all baseless rumors, you must believe me!

Krone: The housemother handpicked all our teachers and caretakers from the local churches! I swear to God we would never do something so abominable!

Krone: We really do love these children. We don't want any harm to come to them.

RPK-16: Has security been tightened since the incidents?

Krone: We've arranged for the security guards to rotate shifts; I myself have also patrolled the dormitories through the night a few times.

Krone: But whenever it happened, I would always find myself passed out for some reason, and by the time I woke up, a child would be gone.

Krone: The guards would also say that they hadn't noticed anything unusual...

RPK-16: Hm...

Krone: The housemother was devastated; I could sense her dismay.

Krone: I've always heard that some refugees would resort to abducting children and selling them for money. Now they even had the audacity to target the housemother.

RPK-16: You believe this was the refugees' doing?

Krone: It...it was just a guess.

Krone: I can't think of anyone who would be so ruthless.

RPK-16: Did the housemother have any enemies or rivals?

Krone: She devoted her life to doing good... How could she have any enemies?

Krone: And she was a philanthropist - what rival could there be?

RPK-16: No suspects then...

Krone: (Sighs) Without the housemother, I'm afraid these poor children will have to suffer.

RPK-16: Why is that?

Krone: This could very well be the end of the orphanage.

RPK-16: Can't anyone succeed the housemother in her position? I believe you're a suitable candidate.

Krone sighs and shakes her head.

Krone: The housemother kept the orphanage running with her own savings. Money has always been tight supporting so many children. With the housemother gone, we will soon run out...

Krone: And due to the cases with the missing children, no one would be willing to help out an orphanage that allegedly participates in child trafficking...

Krone: Our only hope was receiving funding from PECMAR, but now that you've learned of what happened, I doubt our application would be approved...

RPK-16: So why did you tell me about this?

Krone: Once the police gets here, you and the other representatives will find out about our history soon enough.

Krone: I thought it would be better if you hear about it from me.

RPK-16: I see. I appreciate your honesty. I will liaise with the commissioner regarding your PECMAR funding.

RPK-16: Oh... I do have another question; it could be a bit impertinent.

Krone: Go ahead, I will not take offense.

RPK-16: Did you enter the housemother's office this evening?

Krone: I was with the children the whole time, preparing for your arrival. The children can testify for me.

RPK-16: And you didn't leave them, not even for a little?

Krone: Oh... I did head outside for a short while.

Krone: It started storming after dinner, a little after 6pm.

Krone: Some of the younger children were spooked by the loud thunder and started crying.

Krone: Lillian is particularly afraid of thunderstorms and kept asking for the housemother. I couldn't soothe her, so I phoned the housemother.

Krone: She said she would take care of Lillian and asked me to bring the girl to her office. I did as she asked me, then I returned to the hall to read.

Krone: After a while, the housemother told me to collect Lillian and take her back to the hall. I don't remember the exact time, but I'm certain it was before 8.

Krone: I knew because I definitely heard the rose cuckoo clock chiming the time inside the housemother's office while I was escorting Lillian down the hallway.

RPK-16: Which means the housemother was still alive at 8 o'clock.

Krone: I believe so.

Krone: Other than the clock, I didn't hear anything else coming from the office.

Krone: Lillian was with me; she can back me up.

RPK-16: Whoever broke into the housemother's office must've made quite a ruckus.

RPK-16: Didn't anyone hear anything at all?

Krone: Her office is located in the deepest section of the building and some distance away from the hall.

Krone: Besides, it's been raining very heavily throughout the evening.

Krone: Neither the children nor I heard anything unusual...

RPK-16: Then congratulations. If everything you said is true, you are completely in the clear.

RPK-16: One last question - apart from you, who else has free access to this main building?

Krone: Other staff members can also enter and exit the building, but they have all gone home since it's late.

Krone: I only stayed behind to receive your party.

Krone: The security personnel also has a set of keys. Herr André, whom you've met earlier, is on duty tonight.

Krone: The only other person I can think of is Herr Adam, our handyman. The housemother occasionally had him run some errands, so he also has the keys to the rooms.

RPK-16: Thank you, I now have a general picture of the situation.

RPK-16: That's all for now.

Krone: (Sighs) I feel somewhat better, having come clean about what happened.

Krone: The world is cruel enough as it is, so why are the kind-hearted never rewarded for their good deeds?

Krone: Even the previous housemother passed away because of heart disease. Poor woman, she was still so young.

Krone: I wish God had more mercy on the good.

RPK-16: Ange, I'm sending you everything I've logged.

Angelia: Received. Thanks, this will be very helpful.

RPK-16: Have you figured it out?

Angelia: Patience. We are very close to the truth.
Part 3: Cuckoo Clock

3

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

The rain starts letting up at midnight.

There is a large tree just outside the window of the housemother's office. The dense foliage is reflected on the glass, blocking out most of the light.

Inside the office, AK-12 is scouring the crime scene carefully.

AK-12: Where to begin?

AK-12: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Time of death - around 9pm yesterday. Cause of death - asphyxiation.

There are clear strangulation marks on the neck and bruises on the body.

Liquid is found dripping out of the victim's mouth—smells like anesthetic.

A section of her shirt is tucked inside her pants.

Next to the body is a piece of sturdy hemp rope, which seems to be the murder weapon.

The rope bears signs of having been cut by a sharp implement. Bits of wood is stuck between the plies in the middle section of the rope.

Also close to the body is a fallen chair. One of the legs has been torn off.

The broken leg of the chair is found by the housemother's hand. She might have used it to defend herself against her assailant.

The struggle did not last too long. The housemother was soon overpowered and killed.
If choice 2 was picked

A photo frame lies face-down on the desk. Inside the frame is a black and white photograph of a smiling girl. "Emma, meine Liebe" is scribbled in the bottom right corner of the photo.

Also on the desk is an empty notebook missing several pages. There is a light imprint of written words on the inside cover.

Two partial footprints can be found on the edge of the desk.

The bookshelves have been toppled, books spilling all over the place.

The safe was pried open and emptied.

A purse lies discarded on the floor. It only contains the housemother's identification card, no cash.

One of the wooden beams in the office bears signs of abrasion.

A receipt has been carefully taped to the bottom of the drawer. It reads, "W, Sweet Dreams Box - the very last one. Consignee, Powell."
If choice 3 was picked

Documents are strewn across the floor. Footprints can be found on the papers. Judging by their sizes and gaits, three distinct individuals seem to have walked over the documents.

The third set of footprints were created at a different time than the other two.

There doesn't appear to be anything noteworthy about the scattered documents and books.

The trash can in the corner contains a discarded piece of wet towel that emits a similar odor to the smell of the victim's mouth.

The assailant might have attempted to sedate the housemother with anesthetic but resorted to murder after they failed.

There are multiple scrape marks on the floor, possibly the caused by the physical struggle between the housemother and her assailant.
If choice 4 was picked

The door to the office does not seem to have been forced open. There is a marked absence of dust over a small area on the wall to the left of the door frame.

A seamless nail is attached to the dust-free area, which suggests something used to hang there.

Two greasy fingerprints can be found on the glass of the half-closed window, possibly left by the thumb and index finger of a left hand.

A muddy field of grass lies outside the window, but no tracks can be found due to the thunderstorm.

On the surface of a dry area sheltered from the rain outside the window is a row of footprints pointing outwards, possibly left by the culprit while fleeing the scene.

Search complete. Clues collected include...

A piece of rope with bits of wood caught in the plies, a receipt mentioning a consignee, footprints left by three people, a dust-free patch on the wall to the left of the door frame, a set of footprints outside the window.

AK-12: ...

AK-12 leaves the housemother's office. As she reaches the main entrance, Adam the handyman is being questioned by Hopps.

Adam: Oh, come now, kind sir! As I've told you many times already, I've been guarding the gates with you the whole time! How could I be the culprit?

Hopps: What about before we arrived?

Hopps: What were you doing?

Adam: The housemother summoned me. Since our meeting wasn't going to take place until later during the night, I found a room and took a snooze inside.

Hopps: What did the housemother want with you at such a late hour?

Adam: Uh... She wanted me to help with getting the books in order for this month and run some errands for her.

Hopps: Bookkeeping? So late at night? What are you hiding? Spit it out.

Adam: The...the housemother was usually very busy. Bookkeeping can be done anytime, right?

Hopps: ...

AK-12: Have you found out anything worth knowing, Mr. Hopps?

Hopps: This guy looks pretty suspicious no matter how you cut it.

Adam: But you've got no evidence!

Adam: Gosh, what rotten luck. I was hoping I could go home and turn in early tonight.

AK-12: Mr. Hopps, why don't you investigate something else and let me chat with Adam for a bit?

Hopps: ...Alright, but don't let him get away.

AK-12: If he tries to run, he'll have to worry about his femurs.

Adam: You may be a beauty, but you sure are hella scary!

Hopps shoots Adam one last glare before taking his leave.

AK-12: So, Adam, where should we start?

Adam: As I've said, I'm just a simple handyman. I don't know much about anything else.

AK-12: Right, you were telling Mr. Hopps about bookkeeping.

AK-12: I'm guessing you were trying to settle the account for the Sweet Dreams Box transaction?

AK-12 waves the receipt in Adam's face. The handyman lets out a sigh at the sight of the slip of paper.

Adam: I didn't expect you to find it so quickly.

AK-12: Well, aren't you forthcoming.

Adam: It probably wasn't too difficult to find. From what I know about the housemother, she couldn't have hidden it very well.

Adam: So what's your working theory?

Adam: Just to make it clear, I'm honestly not the culprit.

AK-12: Of course you aren't.

AK-12: The housemother asked you to transport something called a Sweet Dreams Box from the orphanage. The delivery must be carried out under the cover of night, so you showed up at her office at the agreed time. You knocked but nobody answered the door.

AK-12: You left, but you weren't happy about being stood up, so you returned and peered inside the office through the window. That's when you realized it wasn't locked. You climbed in through the window and found the housemother dead.

AK-12: However, you did not want to leave empty-handed.

AK-12: You rummaged through her shelves for something valuable, but you probably didn't have much luck since the room was already turned upside down.

AK-12: In the end, you took the cuckoo clock that was hanging on the wall to the left of the door. Your trail around the office could easily be tracked by the footprints you left on the documents strewn across the floor.

AK-12: You've got a good eye. That gold rose is probably the most valuable thing about the cuckoo clock. That's what you took it for, I suppose?

Adam: So it's made of gold?

Adam: Okay, let's say you're right.

AK-12: Could you explain the task that the housemother gave you?

Adam: Well...long story.

Adam: I'm mostly in charge of transporting supplies at Berle Orphanage. Sometimes I run some personal errands for the housemother, such as delivering the Sweet Dreams Boxes mentioned on the receipt.

Adam: I've carried out four deliveries altogether. I was rewarded very handsomely for every run I made.

Adam: The housemother warned me that I mustn't be spotted moving those boxes so the deliveries always took place in the middle of the night.

AK-12: What exactly is a Sweet Dreams Box?

Adam: A custom wooden crate made with three-ply wood panels. Pretty sturdy. About 150 by 80 centimeters.

AK-12: What's inside?

Adam: Haven't a clue. All the boxes were handed to me tightly sealed. She said they were full of knick-knacks handmade by the children - gifts for those in high society, urging them to make donations to the orphanage.

Adam: But the boxes were really heavy. What do you think was inside?

AK-12: This consignee, Powell. Do you know them?

Adam: I'd also like to know who that is. They're the reason I'm here.

Adam: Sadly, I was always told to deliver the boxes to a designated spot and they would only be moved after I was gone.

Adam: So God knows who took those boxes and where they hauled them.

AK-12: They're the reason you're here?

AK-12: What do you mean?

Adam: I've already told you everything I know. You'll have to figure out the rest yourselves, Frau Lucia.

Adam: Your enemy seems more stupid than I imagined.
Part 4: Air Raid Shelter

4

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

André the security guard reported a sighting of intruders last night. Ange has sent AN-94 to the security room to investigate.

AN-94 arrives at the security room just as André is seeing Hopps off.

AN-94: Mr. André, Miss Angelia sent me. Apparently you have clues pertaining to the intruders?

André: Frau...Antje, right?

AN-94: Yes, that is my name.

André: I did discover something unusual, but most of it has been washed away by the rain.

André: It's probably nothing, to be honest.

AN-94: It doesn't matter. Let's take a look at the scene.

André: Say, shouldn't we leave this kind of stuff to the police?

André: I know you are the representatives' bodyguards, but is it really necessary for you to get involved?

AN-94: Miss Morridow has contacted the police, but their arrival is being delayed by the storm, that's why we would like to conduct a preliminary investigation ourselves.

André: Uh...

André: Fine. But don't say I didn't warn you, young lady.

André: Refugees have been banding together to rob properties in this area for quite a while now. The housemother most probably also died at their hands.

André: I hate the idea of going beyond the fence in the middle of the night.

AN-94: Don't worry, just take me to the general location.

André: Alright... You're not giving me much choice.

André: Come along then.

André leads AN-94 north. She didn't notice before, but mountains form a natural barrier that spans across the northern side of the orphanage. The surrounding fence is only built on the other three sides.

AN-94: So there are mountains behind Berle Orphanage. I didn't notice that on the way here.

André: Those mountains are a serious security issue for us. We've discovered that refugees use them as shelters. We've even found bedding and over two weeks' worth of food scraps in there...

AN-94: If there are hideouts in the mountains, then it is a lot more likely that the intruder broke into the housemother's office from the outside...

AN-94: Did the housemother not take any measures to tighten security in the north?

André: That costs money.

André: I'm still owed several months' worth of my salary.

André: But I didn't make a fuss for the sake of the kids.

André: It was very kind of the housemother to provide for orphans who came from the contamination zones.

André: It's always the poor who try to save others while the rich only think about their own comfort.

AN-94: I see...

André: The housemother was really down on her luck. Those refugees must've had their eyes on her for some time.

André: I doubt I can stay here much longer myself. I'd better look for another job at a safer place.

AN-94: You've done your best.

André: Right, we're here.

André: Dammit, the rain has washed everything away. There were a few footprints here before.

AN-94: I understand. Just leave the rest to me and return to the orphanage.

André: Huh?

André: You're heading into the mountains?

André: That's way too dangerous.

AN-94: It's alright. For your safety, please return to the hall and wait for me.

AN-94: I will return, I promise.

André: Well... Good luck then.

AN-94: ...

AN-94: Erwin, do you copy?

AK-15: Loud and clear. What's the situation?

AN-94: The security guard led me to the location where he had previously discovered evidence left behind by a possible intruder. The soil has definitely been disturbed here.

AN-94: I suspect it bears footprints that were erased by the rain. I'm about to follow them.

AK-15: Do you require backup?

AN-94: Keep up your own investigation. I'll get in touch if I need help.

AK-15: Understood. Be careful.

AN-94 follows the trail into the mountains.

She finally finds what she's after deep inside.

She pushes a patch of shrubbery aside and reveals a round black manhole cover made of metal with a ring pull attached.

The ring pull feels a little greasy. Somebody must have used it recently.

AN-94: A manhole cover? Why would there be a manhole cover in such a place? Ange, are you seeing this?

Angelia: Yes. Look around and show me your surroundings.

AN-94: The grass here looks like it's been stepped on.

AN-94: The ring pull has also been used.

Angelia: There shouldn't be a manhole in the mountains. Open the cover and see what's down there.

AN-94: Roger.

AN-94 lifts the metal cover with a single hand. A pungent odor of decay wafts through the opening. The hole looks pitch dark and bottomless.

AN-94: It's big, a meter in diameter.

Angelia: Shine your flashlight in there.

AN-94: Okay.

AN-94: Hm?!

All of a sudden, someone clamps a hand over AN-94's mouth and slashes her throat with a blade.

AN-94 loses her balance and tumbles into the dark manhole, then the manhole cover is put back in place and sealed tight.

AN-94 finds her bearing at the bottom of the pit. Her automatic self-diagnostics indicate that she has only suffered minor damage.

Angelia: What just happened, Antje?!

Angelia: Are you alright?!

AN-94: I'm...fine...

AN-94: I was attacked...

AN-94: I didn't sense anyone behind me at all...

Angelia: Glad to hear you're okay. Damage report.

AN-94: My assailant tried to slash my throat, but the cut wasn't deep and didn't damage any important components. I will close the wound temporarily with some sealing gel.

AN-94: They must have thought I was human, or they wouldn't have attacked me with this method.

Angelia: You're lucky you're a Doll.

Angelia: Stay where you are. Erwin and I are coming to get you.

AN-94: Acknowledged... But this doesn't seem like a nice place at all.

AN-94 turns on her flashlight. The illuminated scene confirms what her other senses have suggested.

The bottom of the manhole is covered by a layer of countless white bones. On the top of the pile are two little skeletons garbed in uniforms of the orphanage. Their hollow gaze seems to bore right into her.
Part 5: Rag Doll

5

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

Angelia: The girl that got led away... She seems a little unusual.

Morridow: Frau Krone told me that Lillian bears a very close resemblance to the housemother's own daughter.

Angelia: The housemother has a daughter?

Morridow: Had. I believe the child is deceased.

Angelia: I see... No wonder the housemother had a soft spot for her.

Morridow: It must be devastating for the girl to lose someone so close to her again.

Angelia: The only thing we can do is find the culprit.

Angelia: Come to think of it, you've been sticking to me like glue the whole time.

Angelia: That was quite a fright for you too, wasn't it? Why don't you find somewhere to sit down and take a break?

Morridow: The chairwoman has bade me to make myself useful! I can't fall apart at such a crucial moment!

Morridow: There might be something you need my help with!

Angelia: In that case, you could do me a favor.

Outside the music room, a few of the bigger children have Lillian surrounded.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Oh dear, Lillian, Crybaby Lillian. Without Housemother, who's going to indulge such a crybaby now?

Blue-eyed Boy: Crybaby Lillian, Tattletale Lillian. Let's see who'll come to your rescue this time.

Girl with a Ponytail: You're so mean. Stop bullying Lillian!

Girl with a Ponytail: Lillian, your "Singing Emma" is so hideous. Why don't you give it to me and I'll make the others leave you in peace? How about that?

Lillian: (Cries) No! I'm not letting you have Emma! Housemother—

Morridow: What are you playing, children? May I join you?

Girl with a Ponytail: Humph, the representatives running to Lillian's rescue.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Gotta hand it to you. Somehow you always manage to summon help with your pathetic crying.

Blue-eyed Boy: We're not playing with you! You're taking Lillian's side!

Morridow: I know you're kids, but you've got to learn some respect. You. Must. Not. Bully. Your. Friend.

Morridow widens her eyes dramatically as she admonishes the children bullying Lillian. They pause for a moment in surprise before finally scattering.

With tear-streaked face, Lillian is led up to Ange. Clutching her doll tightly, she rubs at her eyes with a grimy hand and looks up at Ange.

Angelia: You can call me Ange.

Morridow: And I'm Morridow~

Lillian remains silent. Perceiving her timidness, Morridow fishes out a sweet and places it in the girl's hand.

Lillian accepts the sweet and carefully slips it into her pocket.

Lillian: Ange... Morridow... Have you caught the person who hurt Housemother?

Angelia: Not yet, but I think we'll find them very soon.

Angelia: There's something you wanted to tell me before you left the room, right?

Lillian: Huh...?

Angelia: I saw it in your eyes.

Lillian: Um... Frau Ange, you're one of the delegates, right?

Angelia: That's right.

Lillian: Then...are you a good person?

Morridow: Good person?

Lillian: Housemother said I mustn't let anyone other than the good person on the delegation know about what she told me.

Angelia: I'm not sure about the others, but I suppose I am a good person.

Morridow: Uh... I believe I also count as one?

Lillian peers at Morridow apprehensively and shakes her head.

Morridow: Wow... I'm a bit offended. I just gave you candy, you know.

Angelia: Feel free to tell me anything. Don't mind Morridow.

Lillian looks up at Ange and gives her a small nod. Ange leads the girl into a corner of the hall, out of Morridow's earshot.

Angelia: From what I've been told, you were the last person Housemother was with before she got attacked.

Angelia: Did she tell you anything? Can you describe what happened to me?

Lillian: Housemother said she wanted to mend my doll for me...so she asked Frau Krone to bring me to her office.

Lillian: Housemother scared me a little back then... She didn't say anything, just kept staring at me as she sewed up my doll.

Lillian: After a while, she started crying. I ran up to hug her and told her not to cry.

Angelia: She started crying?

Lillian: I don't know what made Housemother so sad...

Lillian: As I watched her cry, I...I also started crying... (Sobs)

Lillian: Housemother... (Sobs)

Lillian bursts into tears again as she recalls her final moments with the housemother.

Ange kneels quietly next to her, waiting for her to collect herself.

She keeps weeping and wiping away her tears with her hands.

Ange takes out a handkerchief and dries the girl's face.

After a while, she finally calms down. She looks up again at Ange, who nods at her encouragingly.

Lillian: Housemother saw that I was crying and wiped away my tears.

Lillian: She told me not to cry and started telling me stories.

Lillian: She would usually only tell me one story at a time, but back then she told me story after story, as if she was trying to tell me all the stories she had ever known...

Angelia: What happened next...?

Lillian: Then she said it was almost 8 and I should be going to bed, so she phoned Frau Krone to come and fetch me.

Lillian: She gave me back my mended doll and told me she had made up her mind.

Lillian: She said a delegation was coming, and a good person among them would be able to help us. She told me to give this doll to the person.

Lillian: Are you really a good person, Frau Ange?

Angelia: What do you think?

Lillian: I think...you remind me a lot of Housemother...

Lillian: So...

Lillian offers the doll in her arms to Ange. Ange takes it solemnly and looks it over.

On the back of the doll is a patchwork that obviously looks newly sewn on.

She applies some force to tear open the seam, revealing a folded piece of paper hidden inside the doll.

The paper is wrapped around a cross-shaped medal, which has the letter "W" etched on the back.

She unfolds the paper and scans its content before promptly shoving it into her pocket.

Lillian: What is that?

Angelia: It's a letter from Housemother, telling me that Lillian is a good girl.

Lillian: Housemother said I'm a good girl?

Ange turns and looks at Lillian with very gentle eyes.

Angelia: Lillian, you have done a brilliant job protecting Housemother.
Part 6: Sweet Dreams Box - End

    6chevron_right

At daybreak, word finally arrives that the police will be there soon. Ange's visit to Berle Orphanage also comes to an end.

Angelia: Hopps, could you please gather everyone here? I need to make an announcement.

Hopps: An announcement?

Hopps: What is it?

Angelia: Just do as I say.

Hopps: ...Okay, right away.

AK-12, RPK-16, AK-15, Krone, Morridow, Adam, and finally André file into the hall one after the other.

Ange glances at the exhausted Lillian, who has fallen asleep on the sofa, and orders AK-12 to carry her back to her bed.

Hopps: Frau Ange, that's everyone. The police will be here soon. I've already questioned all the suspects; I believe this was a robbery and murder perpetrated by refugees.

Hopps: The police can take over from here.

Angelia: What brings you to that conclusion?

Hopps: While the orphanage was in lockdown, I looked into all the suspects' alibis.

Hopps: Members of the delegation are obviously not suspects. André and Adam only arrived at the orphanage after the housemother's death.

Hopps: Krone was with the children the whole time.

Hopps: Nobody present has any motive for murdering the housemother. Who could it be if not an intruder?

Ange shakes her head.

Angelia: It's true that nobody present has a motive for murdering the housemother, but that doesn't mean the killer is an outsider.

Hopps: Then who murdered the housemother?

Ange sighs.

Angelia: Nobody murdered her. The housemother committed suicide.

The revelation triggers an immediate uproar. Krone cannot contain her shock.

Krone: Suicide? How could that be—

Angelia: The housemother took her own life to expose the truth, whereas the person who pushed her into making this decision destroyed the scene afterwards to undermine what she was trying to achieve.

Krone: Expose the truth?

Angelia: This case has been fraught with unexpected developments, but it was these developments that pointed me in the right direction.

Angelia: I've got to admit that this culprit was extremely clever to have come up with a plan to derail our investigation in such a short time.

Morridow: Derail our... What do you mean?

Angelia: They led us on a wild goose chase to look for the housemother's murderer when this murderer doesn't even exist.

Angelia: And while we were all distracted, the message that the housemother wanted to convey remained hidden.

Ange's gaze sweeps over everyone gathered in the hall, taking in their different expressions.

What she sees seems to have confirmed her suspicion. She clears her throat and continues.

Angelia: Let's start with their methods. They drew our attention using the crime scene.

Angelia: The broken chair leg, the messy footprints, the towel soaked with anesthetic...

Angelia: These were just decoys. The culprit destroyed the object that truly mattered.

Hopps: What object?

Angelia: The housemother's final confession.

Krone: Confession?

Angelia: Good thing I came across this medal she left behind.

Ange reveals the cross-shaped medal she found in Lillian's doll. It flashes black and crimson under the lights.

Angelia: This is an Iron Cross—a military decoration reintroduced by the former German Federation during the war and an insignia of the GIP.

Angelia: Many members of the organization are retired veterans, so those terrorists tend to identify themselves and each other using this medal.

Angelia: I believe it was no coincidence that the housemother was in possession of an Iron Cross. There is a GIP spy in this orphanage.

Krone: The GIP?!

Krone: You mean the terrorist organization?

Angelia: Exactly. There is a terrorist among you who has no business being in a philanthropic orphanage.

Angelia: Isn't that right, Mr. André?

André: !!!

Angelia: You may have destroyed the housemother's confession, but it's only a matter of time that we restore it after further investigation.

André: I don't know what you're talking about!

André: Are you accusing me of murder?

Angelia: No, as I said, the housemother wasn't murdered.

Angelia: But that doesn't mean you aren't a cold-blooded killer either.

André: I'm just an ordinary security guard...!

Angelia: Are you?

Angelia: You were no ordinary security guard when you went for my subordinate.

André: !!

Angelia: You managed to sneak up on her unnoticed—that's pretty impressive.

Angelia: You kept trying to blame this on refugees, but I gather you've already rounded up and killed all the refugees in the area.

Angelia: All those remains in the air-raid shelter must've been your handiwork, eh?

André: I honestly have no idea what this is all about! Can you even prove I had anything to do with what happened to your subordinate?

Angelia: She would've kicked the bucket if she were human.

Angelia: Unfortunately for you, she isn't, in fact, human, and you left your fingerprints all over her face.

Angelia: Make sure you know the difference between a human and a Doll next time you decide to attack one.

André: Tsk...!

Angelia: Got nothing else to say? Hands in the air—

André: —!

André suddenly draws a pistol and fires at Ange.

Much to everyone's surprise, Adam, who is standing closest to Ange, throws himself on her with unbelievable speed.

The bullet passes through where Ange was standing. Hopps immediately draws his own weapon and shoots André in the head, killing him instantly.

Angelia: So it really was you, J.

Angelia: I didn't know you were into playing dress-up.

J: Am I so handsome that no disguise can hide my charm?

Angelia: You prattled too much with Lucia. Thought no one would notice, did you?

J: I dropped the hint on purpose.

J: But you, big oaf! What the hell is wrong with you? I infiltrated this place and spent over a month undercover just to gain that GIP bastard's trust.

J: Do you have any idea how much effort it has taken the Stasi to uncover this lead?

Angelia: So you were working two jobs at the same time?

Hopps: Frau Ange's safety is my priority.

Angelia: Why, thank you.

Ange pushes J aside and scrambles to her feet.

She rummages through André's bloody clothes and pulls out another Iron Cross.

Angelia: He's been holding onto his.

Angelia: So it really was him. Sadly, he can't tell us anything now.

The police has the orphanage completely cordoned off.

Vehicles dispatched by the Stasi soon also arrive at the scene.

The other staff have been brought into the hall while Ange's company keep an eye on Krone and the frightened children on the second floor.

RPK-16: We've found Antje. She's fine.

RPK-16: But she did pick up a very interesting stench while she was in that hole. It probably won't come off even if she spends a whole night in the shower.

RPK-16: Bluffing him with his fingerprints when Antje was still trapped underground?

RPK-16: Very well played.

Angelia: Likewise.

Angelia: Run a full diagnostic on her. We have more to do tomorrow.

RPK-16: Always the slave driver.

RPK-16: But I'm afraid "Captain" Lucia won't let me do the honors.

Angelia: Just run the diagnostic and stand by. We'll be going soon.

There's a light knock on the door and J enters the room.

He has shed his disguise and returned to his usual appearance.

Angelia: Where's Hopps?

J: Being questioned by the police. You may be sent by PECMAR, but the proper procedures must still be observed.

Angelia: Proper procedures...?

Angelia: These cops with greasy palms had better not cover up the whole thing once we're gone.

J: Nonsense. The Stasi is involved in this case, you know.

Angelia: Since the Stasi is involved, why didn't you just bust this GIP den?

J: We're the Stasi, not your regular flatfoots.

J: There's no point in capturing a peon. Surely I don't need to explain that to you.

J: (Sighs) Why are you always so eager to ruin my cases?

Angelia: How long has the Stasi been preparing for this sting operation?

J: About half a year. We were hoping I could make my way into their mid-level cadre.

J: I've already told Frau Lucia all the inconsequential details of my story.

J: I've even got my hands on the delivery man and I would've soon got to the bottom of this.

J: But then you lot came charging in, and here we are, in the middle of this mess.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Why did you enter the housemother's office at the risk of contaminating the scene?

J: I hid my voice recorder in that clock.

J: This orphanage may look pretty run-down, but the EM protection is top-tier.

J: All camera and bug signals are jammed. I'm guessing those in the GIP don't want any evidence to go on record.

J: While you were all busy fooling around, I saw André scurrying out of the trashed office.

J: After he left, I retrieved the recorder to see what really happened inside the office.

Angelia: Can I listen to the recording?

J: It's mostly the housemother telling Lillian stories in the first part, and I doubt you'd be interested in her shuffling about shortly before she died.

J: This is what you're after, isn't it?

André's Voice: Dammit, why now?!

André's Voice: I can't believe you'd betray us, but I won't let you get away with it!

It thunders just as the clock on the wall strikes the hour and starts chiming.

Angelia: The time checks out. This confirms my hypothesis.

Morridow: Now I'm confused... So did André kill the housemother?

Angelia: Weren't you listening? The housemother committed suicide.

Morridow: Then why did André suddenly try to shoot you...?

Angelia: Because he knew I saw through his ploy.

Morridow: What on earth does that even mean...?

Angelia: Read the housemother's letter.

Ange brings up a document on her tablet and shows it to Morridow.

Morridow: "Dear Frau Angelia, I am Isabelle, Housemother of Berle Orphanage.

Morridow: "I initially established this orphanage to make ends meet for myself, but as I got to know these children better, I became more and more determined to extend a helping hand to people who are not so fortunate.

Morridow: "Times are hard and keeping this institution running is extremely challenging. To safeguard the children's happiness, I have done something unforgivable to some of them.

Morridow: "I knew that Herr Powell is a member of the German Independence Party, but he made me an offer I simply could not refuse.

Morridow: "He told me that someone in high society would like to take custody of a few exceptional children. In return, they would make very generous donations that would keep the orphanage afloat.

Morridow: "Just as I thought I had secured all the children's happiness, I saw the corpses of the ones whom I had handpicked for adoption.

Morridow: "I realized that it was all a lie. If wealthy families wanted to adopt children, why would they be carried out in boxes?

Morridow: "I tried to report them to the authorities, but everyone, even the police, has been bought off. I am under constant surveillance as I helplessly watch the children disappear one after the other.

Morridow: "At this rate, the same fate will befall all the children here, and it will be my ignorance and stupidity that sends them to their deaths.

Morridow: "I am in a whirlpool that I cannot escape. My only option is to pay for my sins with my life. I hope my death will shed light on the wicked crimes that have been committed in this orphanage.

Morridow: "I beg you to protect the remaining children. It may be impertinent of me to ask this favor of you even though we have never met, please do forgive me."

Angelia: Do you understand now?

Morridow: So...the housemother only killed herself because we were coming?

Angelia: She said it in the letter. She had no other way of getting out of her predicament, so she pinned all her hopes on us.

Morridow: But didn't you say André had destroyed her confession? Then what is this...?

Angelia: The housemother was going to take her own life before we arrived, but it then occurred to her that someone might dispose of her letter, so she wrote another copy and sewed it into Lillian's doll. We only notified her shortly before our visit, which didn't give her much time to plan everything out carefully.

Angelia: But she must have been living in constant fear and anguish to have the resolve to give her life in exchange for the children's safety.

Angelia: Poor woman...

Morridow: So she left another copy of her letter...

Angelia: Yeah, good thing she took this precaution. Otherwise, the unexpected turn of events would have made it possible for the culprit to get away.

Morridow: Unexpected...turn of events?

Angelia: The fact that we showed up an hour late.

Angelia: The housemother was under surveillance 24/7; she had to time her suicide very carefully so that her plan wouldn't be discovered too soon by the people watching her.

Angelia: Lillian left her office at 8; the housemother was still alive then.

Angelia: She was planning to make her move shortly before our appointment to make sure no one could tamper with the scene.

Angelia: Unfortunately, we were delayed by an hour because of the storm and the traffic.

Angelia: According to J's recording, André found out that the housemother had killed herself at 9, but we were almost here already.

Angelia: To destroy all evidence before we arrived, he laid a few false trails at the scene.

Angelia: If it hadn't been for my DEFY Dolls, I wouldn't have figured out the truth so soon or identified the mole before the police got here.

Angelia: If the housemother was right and the police has been bought off by the GIP, then they will surely write this case off as a simple robbery.

Angelia: And once we're gone, the child trafficking operation will once again become obscured.

Angelia: The housemother will have died for nothing.

Morridow: I will report this to the chairwoman and she will put the police department from another region onto this case.

Morridow: But what's the deal with the remains in that underground air-raid shelter?

Angelia: The GIP hates refugees with a vengeance. I'm guessing André often busied himself with "cleaning up" the homeless refugees in the area.

Angelia: The small skeletons were probably children who suffocated in the boxes and their bodies just got dumped there.

Angelia: The housemother must've discovered them, and that's why she was so determined to expose the GIP.

Morridow: This is...outrageous...

Angelia: This place is too dangerous. The children cannot stay.

Angelia: I've got to hand it to the housemother. She must've known that with us at the scene, even these dirty cops can't do anything out of line.

Angelia: We can get the children out of here right under the GIP's nose.

Angelia: This was the best she could do as a show of defiance.

Morridow: I will get in touch with other orphanages and arrange for them to take in these children.

Morridow: Turning an orphanage into a child-trafficking den... Absolutely unforgivable.

Angelia: The world is rife with unforgivable sins.

Angelia: That's why people need to come forward and fight back, but that often comes at a heavy price. Sometimes at the cost of one's own life.

Hopps: Frauen, the police is done with us. We may return.

Angelia: Good, then let's go, Morridow.

Morridow: Oh, okay!

Ange suddenly stops when she gets to the door.

Morridow: What's the matter?

Angelia: Wait for me in the car. I need to talk to J about something.

Morridow: Uh...sure.

Morridow: Hopps, let's go.

Ange watches Hopps and Morridow leave the room and closes the door behind them. Then she turns around and faces J.

J looks expectantly at Ange, waiting for her questions.

Angelia: J, what can we learn from the information we have?

Angelia: Where were the missing children sent to?

J: We have been aware of what the housemother tried to expose for some time, but we haven't been able to get much out of Adam or the invoices.

J: Otherwise, I wouldn't have had to go undercover for so long.

Angelia: What if I give you this?

J: Is that...a bank account?

J: The real Adam's?

J: Understood. I'll get my people to look into it. We didn't find out about this account while investigating Adam.

J: Where did you find this?

Angelia: This is the actual, valuable lead that the housemother has left us in Lillian's doll.

J: Huh? Didn't you say she stuff her final letter inside the doll?

Angelia: Lucia recreated the letter by brushing over the writing imprint in the housemother's notebook with a pencil.

Angelia: There was never a second copy of the letter.

J: Then why did you...

Angelia: The housemother only wrote that letter as a decoy. What she really wanted us to find is this.

J: We should be able to learn a lot by cross-referencing the transaction records of this account with the invoices we found. I'll get on it.

Angelia: I'm counting on you.

Angelia: But I've got to remind you - the housemother went to such great lengths to maintain secrecy because she knew her enemy was close.

J: You mean...

Angelia: Like her, our common enemy could be right by our side. Some things are best kept on a need-to-know basis.

Angelia: I still don't trust you Stasi folks too much, but since you're in the same unit as K, I suppose that makes you more reliable than the rest of them.

Angelia: Once our target is confirmed, I want you with us.

J: Are you sure? I can request for more people from my superior.

Angelia: You know what my concern is. I need you to make sure there aren't any traitors in your ranks.

J: ...

J: I'll make the arrangements. Wait for my call.

Commander: Kalina...

Commander: What's the status of the two teams we sent out?

Kalina: They made their scheduled call-ins half an hour ago.

Commander: And...how are they?

Kalina: Their mission is still in progress.

Kalina: Please be patient, Commander.

Commander: I see...

Commander: Then, uh, Kalina...

Kalina: What is it, Commander?

Commander: Don't you think it's time we sat down and had a proper conversation?

Kalina: I don't quite get what you mean.

Commander: You're still mad, huh...

Kalina: There are more important things which require your attention than such trivial matters, Commander.

Kalina: 16Lab has sent a comms request.

Commander: ...

Commander: Eh, at a time like this?

Commander: Put it through.

Persica: Sorry to disturb you, Commander...

Persica: Oh dear, you look terrible.

Commander: I couldn't get back to sleep after you woke me up in the middle of the night.

Commander: What do you want this time?

Persica: Oh... I see.

Commander: You don't sound the least bit guilty...

Commander: So what's the matter, changed your mind about coming here?

Persica: Of course not.

Persica: However, I'd like you to do me a favor before I arrive.

Commander: The mission Havier gave us is a big enough hassle as it is...

Commander: And we're kind of short on people to take on new missions.

Persica: I'm sorry, Commander, but the truth is, this request I'm making is quite close to Mr. Havier's objectives.

Persica: He should have assigned you something troublesome like data analysis, right?

Persica: I studied that data too, and I went out of my way to contact you because I thought you might have missed something.

Commander: Well, thank you very much.

Persica: You should look into a Sangvis Doll. I believe you're quite familiar with her.

Commander: Who is it?

Persica: Ouroboros.

Commander: ...

Commander: Isn't she in your lab?

Persica: Back then, 404 only delivered her neural core. Her body was thoroughly wrecked.

Persica: The evolution records of a high-level Sangvis AI were also completely destroyed.

Commander: Well, that's Squad 404 for you... Sounds like they were pretty damn vicious.

Persica: Havier should have told you that Paradeus is researching S.F.'s neural cloud construction.

Persica: After all, the Sangvis Mastermind vanished with M4 in the wake of the Reverse Collapse phenomenon.

Persica: This indicates that S.F.-derived OGAS consciousnesses can resonate with Relics, just like M4.

Persica: My guess is that William has already picked up on this, so we need to hurry...

Commander: So you want to figure all this out before Paradeus does?

Persica: Yes.

Persica: ...After all, that was Lyco's work.

Persica: I don't want the fruits of his labor to fall into the hands of those bastards.

Commander: ...What do you need me to do?

Persica: Does that mean you're agreeing to help me out?

Commander: (Sighs)

Commander: It's always like this...

Commander: Just tell me what I need to do.

Persica: Thank you very much.

Persica: There ought to be other neural cloud backups of Ouroboros at her base, as well as spare bodies.

Persica: If you could recover those, I think I'll be able to figure out how S.F. neural clouds evolve.

Persica: You still remember that place, right?

Commander: I'll go through previous reports and let you know once I turn up something.

Persica: Thank you once again. It would be best if you have them ready before I arrive at the base.

Persica: It would let me hit the ground running, so to speak.

Commander: I'll do my best.

Commander: The transmission ends.

The Commander turns off the screen, sighs heavily and collapses into their chair.

Commander: This is hardly a vacation...

Kalina: Is Miss Persica coming to this base?

Commander: Huh?

Commander: Uh...yeah. She called about it late last night.

Kalina: I see...

Commander: And I'll bet Havier is going to show up with her.

Commander: What a troublesome bunch.

Commander: Are there any Dolls we can spare for this?

Kalina: Um...

Commander: Kalina?

Kalina: Huh?

Kalina: Ah, we don't have any Dolls who can be sent on missions right now.

Commander: I seem to recall a few of them are supposed to be undergoing neural cloud debugging. They should be free, right?

Kalina: Well, yes...

Kalina: They weren't sent out on missions earlier because their neural clouds were still glitchy.

Kalina: And now that we're prioritizing the repairs on the destroyed Dolls, we still haven't gotten around to debugging them yet.

Commander: But the flaws are just in their simulated personalities, right?

Commander: They won't need to emulate humans while looking for clues, and Persica did ask us to hurry.

Kalina: Er...but...

Commander: I believe in the girls. I'm sure they'll be fine.

Commander: Also, we have Svarog backing us up.

Kalina: Understood. I'll make the arrangements right away.

Humans can often exceed their limits, but for some Dolls, their limits are the end for them...

...

Griffin Doll A: What's the situation?

Griffin Doll B: I can't move; I'm too badly damaged... You guys go on ahead!

Griffin Doll A: Don't be ridiculous! We're not leaving anyone behind!

Griffin Doll B: But...but we're low on ammo, it's not like we can hold out much longer anyway...!

Griffin Doll A: Look out!

A hail of bullets rain down them, and they barely manage to repulse the attacking wave of Sangvis forces.

Griffin Doll A: Just grit your teeth and hang in there a little longer, otherwise, once she shows up...

Icy Voice: And who is this "she"?

The Dolls are too overwhelmed to respond to the voice. Their defense line is engulfed in a series of explosions.

The Doll squad which was arguing just a moment ago is completely destroyed. The only one who survived—the team leader—is sprawled in a crater, looking fearfully at the billowing clouds of dust and smoke before her, from which a Sangvis Doll emerges.

Ouroboros: —You can regret showing compassion in death.

...

VHS: And that's it for the playback of the simulated battle with the Ouroboros AI.

Mondragon: Very good.

Mondragon: AUG Para!

AUG Para: Yes, Leader?

Mondragon: State your current location!

AUG Para: Er, um... With an interim reconnaissance squad, on the base perimeter in Area S06...?

Mondragon: The Griffin Doll Handbook, Article Two, Paragraph Seven states, "You shall not engage in idle chatter during an operational meeting".

Mondragon: While it does not warrant a punishment, I feel you need a reminder on the consequences of violating the regulations in my squad.

AUG Para: I'm sorry, Leader, but VHS looks so cute sitting there I just want to get to know her better, hehe...

AUG Para: But do those regs even apply to humans?

Mondragon: Humans?

VHS: AUG Para has excluded herself from coverage under that rule due to an abnormality in her internal storage, resulting in erroneous self-perception.

Mondragon: In short, there's something wrong with her neural cloud. Fortunately, it only causes problems with her sense of identity and has no effect on her combat capabilities.

Mondragon: AUG Para, you were supposed to be sent in for debugging, but now you have the chance to prove yourself to the Commander in this squad. You should cherish this opportunity lest you be sent back to the forge to be rebuilt.

AUG Para: I'll do my best, of course. After all, I can meet and make friends with more Dolls here, hehe~

Mondragon: VHS, is she the only Doll that Miss Kalina has assigned to us? What about the other two?

Right then, a motorbike screeches to a sudden halt in front of Mondragon, its rear wheel throwing up a shower of dirt.

PM1910: Oi, I heard I could get into a good fight here, count me in!

PM1910: Oh yeah, I brought a lost Doll along; is she one of yours?

General Liu: I-I'm Liu, reporting for duty!

AUG Para: What a cutie. You dropped a round though.

General Liu: Oh, sorry! I've decided to bring extra ammo since we'll be traveling to somewhere far away, that's why...

Mondragon: Liu, do you know what time it is?

General Liu: Eeep! I'm sorry...

PM1910: Why? Is knowing the time important?

Mondragon: Naturally, it isn't an issue for irresponsible Dolls, but...

Mondragon: The Griffin Doll Handbook, Article One, Paragraph Three states, "staying on time is one of the key factors in ensuring the team's survival on the battlefield."

Mondragon: It would be a shame to compound a severely defective neural cloud and non-adherence to the rules with a lack of self-awareness.

PM1910: Man, just hearing you talk pisses me off. If you have a bone to pick with me, then come out and say it!

Mondragon: I know you refuse to listen to anyone, PM1910.

Mondragon: Your last team was nearly disbanded because your neural cloud malfunctioned and you threatened the human you were supposed to protect.

PM1910: Hahahaha~ So you know what'll happen if you make me mad!

Mondragon: Since you seem to consider yourself very capable, you'll spearhead our offensive, then.

PM1910: I'd have taken the spot even if you hadn't put me there! I'm the perfect candidate!

PM1910 marches on ahead into Area S06 without a backward glance.

AUG Para: I honestly thought you guys were going to fight, ahaha...

Mondragon: Our situation has changed. The Commander needs someone to get the job done now more than ever.

Mondragon: Regardless of the various defects in your neural clouds, as long as I am leading you, I will do my best to improve your regimentation until we recover intelligence on Ouroboros.

...An hour later, near Ouroboros' base in Area S06.

Bang—

PM1910: Hahahahaha, die, you Sangvis trash!

General Liu: PM1910 looks really scary...

AUG Para: Liu, be careful!

There is a gunshot, and only then does Liu notice the Sangvis Dinergate that was shot down right next to her.

General Liu: Eeek! W-When did that...?

Mondragon: The Griffin Doll Handbook, Article One, Paragraph Six states, "Pay full attention during battle."

Mondragon: If your heart isn't in this, you're the one who'll be destroyed next time. Got that?

General Liu: Yes, sorry ma'am...

AUG Para: Aw, don't worry, since you're so cute, I've got your back~!

AUG Para: Still, I have to ask, how did you end up on this team?

General Liu: I-I don't know... I was being chased around the battlefield by S.F., next thing I know, they sent me in for neural cloud debugging...

AUG Para: Why didn't you return fire?

General Liu: I'm sorry, what?

AUG Para: I mean, you could have just wiped out the S.F. forces chasing you, right?

General Liu: Oh... Ohhhhh! Yes, I could have destroyed them, but I had trouble finding them.

General Liu: It makes me want to play hide-and-seek, but I'll come up with a solution for it eventually...

PM1910: Do you even need to put that much thought into it ?! Next time, just point in the same direction as us and pull the trigger!

General Liu: Yes, I'm sorry...

AUG Para: Don't tell me you haven't taken part in a single battle ever since you were made?

General Liu: I-I have!

General Liu: I-I just wasn't too sure what was going on...

Mondragon: Perhaps it's a malfunction in your data storage and retrieval processes. In any case, you're faulty.

Mondragon: But that's not an issue. All you need to do is obey orders and pull the trigger.

Mondragon: VHS, start cracking the control systems for the main gate.

VHS: Alright.

Mondragon: How's it going?

VHS: It seems to be going pretty well...

AUG Para: I sense a "but"?

VHS: Well, I made a copy of the signal ID logs in the control systems and found a bunch of IFF signals that showed up recently. They are neither S.F. nor Griffin.

General Liu: Huh?! Are there other enemies?

Mondragon: Probably Paradeus, assuming it's not something else altogether.

Mondragon: What's the exact timestamp?

VHS: It was roughly a week ago.

PM1910: Tsk, petty tricks like these are all those little maggots can pull!

Mondragon: ...It suits me just fine.

Mondragon: Since Paradeus has made the first move, we can help the Commander investigate their objectives and where they're headed.

VHS: Also...

Mondragon: What is it?

VHS: I'm picking up a lot of hostile signals within the Sangvis base.

PM1910: So what, I can scrap them all by myself! Open the gate!

Mondragon: We need to minimize our losses before we encounter the true threat.

Mondragon: VHS, can you hack part of their forces?

VHS: This is an opportunity for me to learn. I can give it a try.

Mondragon: Very good. I'll leave the rest to you, then.
Part 2

2

VHS: ...I've done it.

AUG Para: I can't believe you managed to hack S.F. forces and turn them to our side. That's amazing!

AUG Para: You're as capable as you are cute, VHS! I'm dying to get to know you better~

VHS: This isn't much harder than solving a Rubik's cube... Also, please keep your distance from me.

General Liu: Um... Leader, what should we do next?

Mondragon: It looks like we'll have to split up going forward. AUG Para, cover VHS. The two of you are to find this base's command systems and gather data. Can you do it?

AUG Para: Don't worry~ I'll take good care of this lovely little angel~!

VHS: ...What's her problem?

AUG Para: Hehehe~ VHS... Hey, don't just leave without saying a word!

Mondragon: As for Liu and PM1910, you'll come with me to look for usable supplies in the base.

General Liu: Yes, ma'am! I'll treasure this learning experience!

PM1910: Looking for supplies? Could you possibly have picked a more boring thing for us to do?

Mondragon: What would you like to do instead?

PM1910: Beat the crap out of the enemy, of course! You can take your time digging around for resources; bye bye!

General Liu: Uh, wait...

General Liu: Leader, what should we do?

Mondragon: We're going to follow her, naturally. Since she likes fighting so much, we'll just let her clear out the threats ahead of us.

...

...In a corridor inside Ouroboros' base.

PM1910: Where the hell are all of Ouroboros' lackeys hiding? Get the hell out here!

General Liu: D-Don't shout, we had a hard time dealing with that last bunch...!

Mondragon: Your sheer lack of discipline alone is questionable enough, and now you're causing all these problems for your teammates. Do you have no shame at all?

PM1910: Hey, YOU'RE the ones following ME, so it's your own damn fault, okay?

Words are clearly not insufficient for PM1910 to vent her anger, so she kicks over a neat stack of empty ammo containers in a corner of the corridor. The clattering noise as they fall echoes through the pitch-black base for a good long time.

PM1910: What kind of junkheap base is this, anyway? Why the hell would anyone stack up a bunch of worthless scrap metal so neatly? Whoever did this must be sick in the head!

Mondragon: Ouroboros was probably an extremely disciplined perfectionist. Despite the fact that we are on opposing sides, I have nothing but the utmost respect for her adherence to order!

PM1910: Then she must have been a rules-quoting blockhead just like you.

General Liu: Um... "Ouroboros is a perfectionist."

PM1910: The hell are you mumbling about?

General Liu: S-Sorry, I'm taking notes.

General Liu: I need to learn properly to gain experience...

PM1910: And you're doing it by writing on a damn book?!

PM1910 snatches Liu's notebook and swishes it around.

PM1910: You shouldn't be relying on this crappy book, but your neural cloud! Your neural cloud!

General Liu: Yes, I'm sorry...

Faced with PM1910's domineering attitude, Liu apologizes profusely as she backs up until she feels a pair of hands on her shoulders.

General Liu: L-Leader...?

PM1910: What's this? Going to speak up for her?

Mondragon: ...I can tell that you have very high expectations for her.

PM1910: Huh?

Mondragon: Why don't you tell me why you threatened the human you were supposed to protect back then?

PM1910: What the hell does that have to do with you?

Mondragon: The use of Dolls is only so widespread because humans have ensured that we will not pose a threat to them no matter the extent of our malfunction or damage.

Mondragon: However, the incident where you threatened a human was considered a malfunction on your part, and the reason for it was "unknown". If that were really the case, then the technician who checked your neural cloud would have been fired...

Mondragon: So tell me, who did you do it for at that time?

PM1910: Like I said, what the hell does this have to do with you?!

PM1910 raises her weapon and pulls the trigger, stitching a trail of bullet holes across the floor near Mondragon's feet.

Mondragon: ...

AUG Para: Uh~ Hello~ Can you hear me?

PM1910: ...

Mondragon: AUG Para, what happened? Why are you calling us all of a sudden?

AUG Para: Wow, it actually went through!

Mondragon: What are you talking about?

AUG Para: Eh, it's nothing~ VHS is busy now, so I wanted to see what you guys are up to.

AUG Para: Everyone having fun together?

PM1910: You pull a stunt like this again and I'll be there in three minutes to scrap you!

AUG Para: Ehhh, why are you so mad at...

—The transmission ends.

Mondragon: Had enough?

PM1910: ...Don't stick your nose into my business in future. And also, quit following me!

General Liu: Ah, I'm sorry, but you still have my... Aaaah!

Just as Liu is about to go up and get her notebook back, she steps on the trail of bullet holes by Mondragon's feet. The ground below her caves in and she falls through to an empty space on the level below.

Mondragon: Hey, Liu!

General Liu's Voice: I-I'm fine...

General Liu's Voice: Er, Leader, I think there's another level down here, and it looks different from the rest of the base!

When Mondragon jumps down to take a look, she understands what Liu meant by "different"—this is an isolated room, filled with very minimalistic furniture and home supplies.

Mondragon: It's so simple and clean. A clear manifestation of Ouroboros' discipline and self-control.

General Liu: But it feels empty, like there's nothing particularly important here...

Mondragon looks around and finds a crumpled piece of "scrap paper".

General Liu: Is this...a photograph?

Mondragon: It's a group photo of a few Sangvis units.

General Liu: Huh? So they took photos together too?

General Liu: ...This photo's all crumpled. It feels like Ouroboros didn't like it.

Mondragon: So she didn't like her friends, hm...

General Liu: Leader, I'm kind of curious. We were asked to recover data left behind by Ouroboros, but what data would she leave?

Mondragon: ...

General Liu: L-Leader?

Mondragon: What's wrong?

General Liu: Oh, sorry. I didn't realize you were thinking, haha...

General Liu: Maybe I should shut up for a bit...

AUG Para: Leader! Leader! Can you hear me?

General Liu: Eeeep! Is...is it the enemy?!

Mondragon: The Griffin Doll Handbook, Article One, Paragraph Five states, "Remain calm and centered in the face of sudden developments."

Mondragon: Panicking like this is unseemly behavior! Put your gun away!

General Liu: Y-Yes, I'm sorry...

Mondragon: What is it now, AUG Para?

AUG Para: Leader? Leader—?

AUG Para: That's weird, how come nobody's saying anything?

Mondragon: She can't hear me?

Mondragon: Don't tell me there's a problem with the signal...

AUG Para: Ahhhhhh whatever, if you can hear me, hurry over to the control room! VHS is in trouble, and...and...

AUG Para: And Ouroboros...Ouroboros woke up!

General Liu: Huh? Where did Ouroboros come from?

Mondragon: They must be in danger. To the control room!

Mondragon and Liu return to the hole in the ceiling, but before they can get up, they hear gunfire and the sound of hurried footsteps heading toward them.

Soon, someone runs past them overhead, and a destroyed Sangvis unit comes crashing down beside them.

PM1910: Why the hell do I have to keep worrying about you lot? Ahhhhhhhhhh!

General Liu: Huhhhh?! How can she run while lugging such a heavy gun around?!

Mondragon: There are more S.F. forces in the base. Get back to the upper level and clear out the threats!
Part 3

3

AUG Para and VHS venture into the depths of the base...

AUG Para: You're amazing, VHS! There were so many S.F. forces in the way but all you did was go "whoosh whoosh" and you made them obey us and even fight for us~!

VHS: ...

AUG Para: This must be your specialty, right? Or are all Dolls like this?

VHS: ...

AUG Para: VHS~ VHS~

AUG Para: V~H...

VHS: Would you PLEASE stop bothering me...

AUG Para: Aw~ But Leader put us together to look for data~

AUG Para: We've only just met, but if we talk more, we'll get to know each other better. Isn't that a great idea?

VHS: I'm not good at working with others.

AUG Para: Aw, you're shy, that's so cute~

VHS: I am NOT shy!

AUG Para: So you're genuinely bad at working with others?

AUG Para: But if I remember correctly, you volunteered to join this team, didn't you? That means there's nothing wrong with your neural cloud. But then why have you come along?

VHS: That's because...

AUG Para: Because?

VHS: Forget it, there's no need to talk about it.

AUG Para: Okay, okay, even Dolls have secrets~

AUG Para bats her eyelashes and leans in closer to VHS.

AUG Para: But I heard that back then, a Doll caught you unaware and...

VHS: Uh, h-hold on a minute!

VHS: I don't know how you found out, but don't say another word of it! Never bring it up again!

AUG Para: Ehehe~ Now I'm curious. What did that Doll do?

AUG Para: Since we're alone here, why don't you just tell me? It'll be our secret.

VHS: Y-You're really weird!

AUG Para: Hardly, humans are all like this~

VHS: Ugh... I forgot that you had a defective neural cloud...

AUG Para: I don't consider it a "defect"~

AUG Para: Instead of letting other people tell me what I am, I'd rather trust my own thoughts.

AUG Para: I'm just an ordinary girl who loves Dolls~ What's wrong with that?

VHS: This is because you're fitted with a malfunctioning emotion module...

VHS: You won't think this way after you're sent in for neural cloud debugging.

AUG Para: It's not so much that I won't think that way, but that "I" will have vanished.

VHS: You...

VHS: Is that how you see yourself?

AUG Para: Aw, relax, relax! No need to be so pessimistic~ You see, that's why I'm here.

AUG Para: No matter what kind of debugging they put me through in the future, I'm going to enjoy every day I have until then~

AUG Para: Let me see... This looks like the control room. Please open the door, my lovely VHS~

VHS: ...Alright.

...

The electronic door opens after it has been hacked, and they see rows of massive glass cases filled with liquid.

AUG Para: These are...?

VHS: It's coolant. The servers in there are still running.

VHS: However, these are all slave machines. There ought to be a mainframe in here somewhere...

AUG Para: I see. Sangvis Dolls really use some incredible technology.

AUG Para walks slowly down the rows of glass containers, but when she turns around, she suddenly sees someone standing in front of her.

AUG Para: Ahhhh—!!!

VHS: What happened?

AUG Para: Er... It's nothing. I was just startled.

VHS: I doubt even a Sangvis Doll would be THAT scary... Is this also part of your "human" side?

AUG Para: ...Ehehe, want to see?

VHS: This... O-Ouroboros?!

AUG Para: Scared you too, right? The last time we saw her was in our combat records, but now we can see the real deal...

AUG Para: She seems to be asleep, but it also looks like her eyes would open any second... She...she's so CUTE!

VHS: You can fall in love with just about anyone, can't you?

AUG Para: Oh yes, wasn't she reduced to an AI and locked up at Miss Persica's?

VHS: Hm. This might be a spare body, but it doesn't look dangerous...

VHS: At the same time, all the cables are connected to this place. Could this body be some kind of storage terminal?

AUG Para: Using a body as a storage device?

AUG Para: Ohhh~ No wonder we ran into so many S.F. forces. But she looks so cute, I'd want to protect her too!

VHS: ...Whose side are you actually on?

AUG Para: I'm on the side of the cuties, ehehe~

AUG Para: Oh fine, I won't tease you anymore. It seems like a bit of a waste, but we can simply destroy this body, right?

VHS: No, if this body really is a storage device, then the data we're looking for ought to be in there.

AUG Para: So we can't wreck it? Then why don't we bring it back with us? I mean, the Commander DID ask us to bring a spare body for Ouroboros back to base.

AUG Para: This way, we'll be killing two birds with one stone.

VHS: Well, we'll need to confirm if it really does contain what we want...

VHS: I'm going to access it on Level II and look around.

AUG Para: Huh? But isn't that really dangerous?

VHS: A body used only for storage shouldn't be dangerous, and I want to try and understand it.

VHS: Oh yeah, I'll be counting on you to protect me when I'm plugged in.

AUG Para: What? Really?!

AUG Para: Ehehe~ I guarantee there won't be a single scratch on your lovely body~!

VHS: ...Your reassurance isn't reassuring at all.

...

AUG Para: Poke poke~

VHS: I'm not in yet!

AUG Para: Ohhhh, okay, okay, nevermind then~!

VHS: (Sighs)

...

VHS: ...

VHS: Connection is stable, no electronic countermeasures... Looks like it really is a storage device.

VHS: But there's no telling if Paradeus has messed with it...

VHS: Let's start by comparing it with Miss Persica's data and see what we can find.

【System - Commencing data correlation search...】

【System - ...】

【System - Search complete. Quantity exceeds displayable maximums...】

VHS: So they're Simulated Combat Logs... There are so many of them the system can't show them all?

VHS: Is this the "leftover data" that the Commander wants?

VHS: ...

VHS: Let's just take a look at it...

...

【System Backend - Initializing...】

【System Backend - Connection detected, reading ID code...】

【System Backend - Target ID confirmed. Activating backup neural cloud, downloading...】

【System Backend - ...31%...67%...99%...】

Icy Voice: (Static)

Icy Voice: I didn't think a "rat" would wake me up.

...

AUG Para: Hm, it's been about 10 minutes. Does it usually take Dolls this long to find a bit of data?

AUG Para: Oh well, I'll just check in and say hi to Leader~!

AUG Para: Uh~ Hello~ Can you hear me?

Mondragon: AUG Para, what happened? Why are you calling us all of a sudden?

AUG Para: Wow, it actually went through!

Mondragon: What are you talking about?

AUG Para: Eh, it's nothing~ VHS is busy now, so I wanted to see what you guys are up to.

AUG Para: Everyone having fun together?

PM1910's Voice: You pull a stunt like this again and I'll be there in three minutes to scrap you!

AUG Para: Ehhh, why are you so mad at me...? Hello? Helloooo?

AUG Para: They hung up, huh? Well, nothing I can do about that. Time to go poke my little angel, hehehe~

AUG Para: Huh? Why is she so hot?!

To AUG Para's alarm, she realizes that not only is VHS's condition abnormal, S.F. forces can be heard coming from outside the control room.

At the same time, the Ouroboros body that has been serving as a "storage device" opens its eyes...
Part 4

4

...One minute ago, on Level II in the storage terminal...

【System - Simulated Combat Log No. 294167 - playback complete...】

VHS only comes to her senses when the system notifies her of its status, and she finds herself shivering all over.

VHS: So Ouroboros went through all these scary simulated battles before she was given physical form...

VHS: In that case, this must be the data that Ouroboros left behind. Looks like we'll need to take her away.

Icy Voice: ...Take who away?

VHS: Ehhh?!

VHS swivels around, but a hand immediately seizes her neck in a vise-like grip.

VHS: Ugh—!!!

VHS: ..Ouro...boros?!

Ouroboros?: Ouroboros... Yes, that is my name.

Ouroboros?: Now, this means you are the next piece to be crushed.

VHS: No, Ouroboros' neural cloud is already...

VHS: Could it be a backup neural cloud? But those servers weren't even linked to external networks, unless someone activated them...

VHS: D...Don't tell me...?

Ouroboros' steely grip on her neck is making it impossible to think straight. There is a burst of electrical static, then she passes out...

...

...In the main control room.

Mondragon: AUG PARA!!!

AUG Para: Oh hey, it's you, Leader. Yeah, I know things are pretty dire right now, but no need to look as mean as PM1910, right?

PM1910: What did you just say?!

AUG Para: Uh... I don't remember... Ehehe~

Mondragon: You're still so undisciplined at a time like this!

Mondragon: What was that about Ouroboros waking up?

General Liu: Uh, also, is VHS alright?

AUG Para: She's right here. She was hooked up to Level II inside Ouroboros' body, but she started heating up after a while.

AUG Para: Now Ouroboros is suddenly awake, while VHS is completely... I'm a combat support human and have no idea how to fix Dolls, so...

Mondragon: Move aside!

Mondragon: ...This looks like a data overload.

Mondragon: We need to sever all connections by force and destroy these servers right away!

General Liu: O-Okay!

General Liu: Just let me reload first...

PM1910: Get lost and watch this!

PM1910: УРАААААААААААААА!

PM1910 levels a scything burst of gunfire at the neat rows of servers. Great quantities of coolant flood out as the glass cases explode and the data servers are destroyed.

AUG Para: That...that was awesome! I didn't know you're so cool, PM1910!

PM1910: Hah! Stick around and you might get to see something even cooler!

VHS: Ugh...

General Liu: L-Leader! VHS is coming to!

VHS: My head hurts... W-Where am I?

VHS: Ah, Ouroboros! Leader, Ouroboros is...!

VHS looks back to where the Ouroboros body used to be. However, the space it once occupied is now empty.

VHS: ...This is bad.

Mondragon: AUG Para said that you were trapped in Ouroboros' Level II layer. What happened?

VHS: We... We found Ouroboros' body. It was kept here to store data.

VHS: However, we didn't expect that somebody had tampered with it and when I connected to Level II, Ouroboros' earliest neural cloud backup was activated.

Mondragon: Somebody tampered with it... Could it have been Paradeus...?

Mondragon: Forget it. Don't worry about that for now. We need to find this new copy of Ouroboros. If she manages to escape...urk?!

Boom!

Before she can finish, a series of violent explosions throws everyone to the ground.

Mondragon struggles to her feet amidst the waves of heat and is greeted by a sight that looks identical to a typical Griffin combat simulation.

Ouroboros: So there's more than one rat.

Mondragon: Ugh... (Coughs heavily)

Mondragon: AUG Para! Smokescreen!

AUG Para: On...on it!

Concealed by the smokescreen, the team immediately falls back into ragged cover.

AUG Para: Ow-ow-ow...

AUG Para: She's looks so cute but she's actually super deadly?!

Ouroboros: You want to play hide-and-seek? Unfortunately, I don't have the patience for it!

Mondragon: ...Everyone, do an ammo check.

Mondragon: Once the smokescreen disperses, we're going to charge.

General Liu: (Whimpers) A-Are we really going to fight her?

PM1910: What the hell, you scared?!

VHS: All of the Dolls here have defective neural clouds. Some of us haven't even fought Ouroboros before in combat sims. I think it would be best if we fall back right now...

Mondragon: If we let her get out, she'll be a threat to our friends at Griffin.

Mondragon: That's why we have to destroy her right here and right now, no matter the cost!

PM1910: ...Haha, ahahaha!

Mondragon: What's the matter?

PM1910: I didn't think that your blockheadedness could be so damn cute at a time like this.

AUG Para: Oh? Have you finally realized how cute Dolls are?

PM1910: None of your damn business! Get lost!

AUG Para: Hehe, that's fine, I still have VHS~

VHS: Please don't get me involved in this.

General Liu: I...I-I-I...I'll do my best!

Mondragon: Then start by picking up all the bullets you dropped!

General Liu: Ehhhh?! I'm sorry, I'll pay more attention next time...

PM1910: Tsk, you're all wasting time.

PM1910: God, I wish I'd never joined this team. Once this battle is over, don't even think of having anything to do with me!

Mondragon: That's assuming you survive it.

VHS: Six seconds to smokescreen dispersal.

Mondragon: I hope this won't be the worst decision I've ever made...

Mondragon: Everyone, CHARGE!
Part 5

    5chevron_right

...At Griffin HQ.

Kalina: ...

Commander: ...

Commander: Are you alright?

Kalina: Huh?! I-I'm fine!

Commander: But you've spilled your coffee.

Kalina: Oh!

Kalina: I'm sorry, I'll clean it up right away!

Commander: ...

Commander: Are you still worried about them?

Kalina: Well, they're Griffin Dolls, but they haven't gone through their neural cloud debugging yet.

Kalina: They were thrown together at the last minute, and they'll probably have a harder time working together than any other team, so I'm worried that things will go wrong for them...

Commander: Look on the bright side...

Commander: This is all valuable combat experience. It'll help them grow a lot faster than through combat sims.

Kalina: That's true... Their specs aren't actually bad at all, so the sooner they get their neural clouds fixed up, the better.

The comms equipment in the Command Room suddenly starts ringing.

Kalina: Excuse me... Wait, this is data from VHS!

Kalina: C-Commander! They completed their mission!

Commander: And there it is, good news.

Kalina: I'm sending it to you right now!

...

Commander: So these are Ouroboros' earliest combat sim logs and data?

Kalina: They also found one of Ouroboros' spare bodies, though...she fought them and ran off.

Commander: I'm glad our Dolls are alright. I'll get Svarog to take care of Ouroboros' body.

Commander: But the important thing is that we now know for sure Paradeus has already taken Ouroboros' data.

Commander: If the reports are correct, then William must have also taken part of this abandoned Sangvis AI cultivation system.

Kalina: Are they planning to make new AIs?

Commander: Without these memory fragments, it would never have occurred to me that a Doll's neural cloud could be honed in such a cruel fashion.

Commander: William would definitely make use of this and build a neural cloud that's only concerned about achieving its end and completely unbound by ethics.

Commander: The fact that Paradeus haven't fielded too many Dolls was probably due to technical inadequacies.

Commander: But the situation has changed now... From now on, we'll probably encounter new Paradeus units that are even more ruthless and efficient.

Kalina: Sounds like trouble.

Commander: It's just a guess on my part. We'll need more concrete evidence to substantiate it.

Kalina: So are you going to give Miss Persica a copy of this data when she arrives?

Commander: Yeah, we'll let her handle the rest.

Kalina: Also, there's an attachment... Looks like a group photo of them?

Commander: Did they send it to reassure us of their safety?

Kalina: Hehe, it says Liu insisted that they do this.

Commander: Yeah, none of them except Liu and AUG Para seems too happy about it.

Commander: ...Still, they look well.

Kalina: Yeah.

Commander: ...Oh yeah, do we have a decent camera in HQ?

Kalina: Commander, are you thinking about...?

Commander: Once we get everything back to normal, we ought to commemorate it.

Kalina: Um... Yeah, I guess we should.

Kalina: After all, we might not get the chance to do it in the future.

Commander: Huh?

Kalina: ...

Kalina: I'll go take care of the Dolls. I'll be off now, Commander!

Commander: (Sighs)

Commander: She almost sounded friendly... And here I thought she wasn't mad at me anymore...

Commander: ...

Commander: Did she really take my joke THAT seriously?

Outside the refugee settlement.

J, who is dozing off against his car window, suddenly feels something ice cold pressed onto his face.

J: ...Who's that?!

Morridow: Pfft, you're sleeping just like that in the car? That's very careless~

J: M...Morridow?

J: How did you spot me?

Morridow: You stopped your car right on the roadside.

J: But it's disguised...

J: Uh, so you're also here with Ange? I thought...

Morridow: That we got left behind?

Morridow: No way we could let that happen. The chairwoman ordered us to keep Frau Ange safe, we can't possibly let her walk into danger on her own.

J: Somehow it feels more dangerous to have you along...

Morridow: Ha-ha, very funny. I'm a pro, you know?!

Morridow: Besides, Hopps is also with us. He'll make sure we're safe.

J: That big oaf... Are you sure he can handle this...?

Morridow: I mean, he used to be in the GSG 9. That sounds very reassuring.

Morridow: You, on the other hand, doesn't strike me as a special agent at all.

J: That's just a job. I don't want to turn into a boring stuffed-shirt with a poker face like that dude.

Morridow: You mean Herr Schwaben?

Morridow: I think he looks much more like a proper agent, don't you agree?

J: If an agent is instantly recognizable as an agent, he might as well be a dead man.

Morridow: Oooh~ Should I relay your friendly advice to a certain Herr Poker Face?

J: Ahem, forget about Herr Poker Face. Why don't we talk about something more interesting?

Morridow: More interesting?

J: I've come across a lot of girls in my work, but I've never seen anyone as cute as you.

J: Why don't we go out for dinner after this is all over, eh?

Morridow: Do your job and I might just think about it.

Morridow: Here, your iced coffee.

J: Thanks. Hm, not bad.

Morridow: Hope that woke you up. Alright, let's get to the rendezvous point.

J: Where are the others?

Morridow points toward the end of the road. Ange and Hopps are having a conversation on the sidewalk while Task Force DEFY are standing guard around them.

Situated ahead of the group is a wall that seems to extend endlessly over the horizon.

J gets out of his sedan and follows Morridow to join Ange's company.

J: ...Ahem, Guten Morgen~

Angelia: You were a good five minutes late.

Angelia: I thought you weren't coming after all.

J: Nonsense. The operation wouldn't go smoothly without me.

J: But if I remember correctly, didn't you say you were going at it alone this time?

Angelia: That was the plan, but the moment I left the building, these two have been stuck to my ass.

Hopps: Frau Angelia, please do not try to leave the safe house using unconventional methods.

Hopps: We are under Chairwoman Ulrich's strictest orders to ensure your personal safety. Do not make our job any more difficult than it already is.

Morridow: Ahaha...

Morridow: Hear, hear. The chairwoman would have my head if you'd managed to shake us off.

Morridow: Besides, my assistance is essential when it comes to coordinating multiple departments.

Angelia: Well, you heard them.

J: Fine, very convincing.

J: So are you guys fully prepared?

Angelia: It's just a simple capture mission. Are you certain this Powell is still inside the Bremen Refugee Settlement?

J: I accessed the security records here.

J: There was records of him entering the settlement yesterday but no records of him exiting. If nothing goes wrong, he should still be inside.

J: However, this man never uses a communicator and often changes the time and location for his meetings.

J: It'll not be easy to find him in such a huge settlement.

Angelia: As long as he is still within the wall, we'll definitely find him.

Angelia: All clues from both Paradeus and other sources point towards this man.

Angelia: But please tell me there's no chance he could leave the settlement through some kind of secret passage.

J: The concrete wall around the settlement goes five meters beneath the ground. The garrison would've noticed anyone who'd dig a tunnel that deep.

Angelia: I hope you're right.

Angelia: So how do we get in?

J: We've already contacted them and made all the necessary arrangements, including securing permits for the Doll ladies.

Morridow: Oh... Actually, I had a hunch that you would want to enter the settlement, so I've also made preparations.

Angelia: Are the permits so important?

Morridow: These are more than permits; they're also identifications.

Morridow: If you approach the restricted area outside the wall without one, those gun fixtures up there will take you for an outlaw and shoot you full of holes.

Angelia: You Germans are real friendly to refugees.

Morridow: Well...it's necessary for maintaining order.

Morridow: With these permits, the soldiers in there won't give us a hard time, and the refugees won't dare lift a hand against us either.

Morridow: It's a lot safer to carry them.

J: Speaking of safety...

J: Considering the location, this investigation will be considerably riskier than your previous ones.

J: Frau Morridow, I think it'd be better if you wait outside.

Morridow: Huh?

Morridow: That...that won't do!

Morridow: I told you - Chairwoman Ulrich wants me to accompany Frau Ange at all times!

Angelia: Actually, I agree with J.

Angelia: We've only been making visits so far. We've had accidents, but they were still relatively harmless.

Angelia: But it's going to be a capture mission this time, and the risk factors of operating in a refugee camp are very high to begin with.

Angelia: There's a high chance there will be a firefight. We can't take you unless you can at least defend yourself.

Angelia: Do you know how to fire a gun?

Morridow: N-Not really...

Morridow: But the refugee relief organization is funded by the government; I have a few contacts in there!

Morridow: We'll need information to locate this man called Powell.

Morridow: As a government official, it's a lot easier for me to talk to the refugees and get information from them.

Morridow: Otherwise, everyone would want to run the other way if they saw a bunch of scary-looking strangers.

Morridow: Besides, we have an agent from the Stasi with us this time, so there's no reason to worry about me, right, J?

J: Since you have such faith in me...

J: Always at your service, my lady~

Angelia: We won't be dealing with anyone from the refugee relief organization as we can't be sure there are no GIP spies among them.

Angelia: But if you know what you're getting yourself into, then be my guest.

Morridow: Okay, I'll make myself useful!

Ange waves her off and makes her way over to the DEFY Dolls.

Angelia: Girls, all prepped and ready to go?

AK-15: Yes.

RPK-16: Things never go according to plan, do they?

RPK-16: What do you think, Antje?

AN-94: I trust Lucia...

AK-12: Our plans always unravel because of the Dolls that are rolled out after us. Who's going to be the one that messes up, I wonder?

Angelia: Enough. I know you're itching to move.

AK-12: But are you sure this is a good idea?

AK-12: Waltzing into the refugee settlement without any backup?

AK-12: Such slipshod plans aren't your style at all.

Angelia: All our leads got cut off. If we don't start taking a more aggressive approach, we'll have come all this way for nothing but a long-distance vacation.

RPK-16: It's quite ingenious though, isn't it?

RPK-16: The most stupid prey can be lured by the most obvious bait.

RPK-16: It works all the time.

RPK-16: According to ancient philosophy in the Far East, some fish do willingly rise to a fisherman's hook even if there's no bait.

AK-12: Well, let's just hope this won't be the day when the trick doesn't work.

Angelia: We'll only worry about that when it really becomes a problem.

Angelia: Before that, we must get ourselves out of this impasse.

Ange returns to her German associates with Task Force DEFY in tow.

Angelia: Alright, everyone's here.

Angelia: Quick briefing.

Angelia: Our objective is to find the man in charge of delivering orphans in this refugee settlement. He goes by the name "Powell" here.

Angelia: Since he's active in three different zones, we have to intercept him before his next delivery.

Angelia: According to the evidence we have gathered so far, the GIP is currently trafficking children for Paradeus.

Angelia: This man is very likely a liaison and enforcer of the GIP-Paradeus partnership.

Angelia: I need information from him, so he must be captured alive.

J: Oh, there's something I'd like to add.

J: I have personally witnessed what you ladies are capable of, but it's very important to let sleeping dogs lie. Do not make a scene that will attract any attention.

J: It was undoubtedly the GIP that ultimately pushed the housemother to take her own life. If word gets out that we're going after their contact, they might decide to just go ahead and kill him.

J: Also, I followed Ange's instruction and didn't tell any of my colleagues about coming here today to prevent this operation from being leaked. I assume you haven't told anyone either?

Morridow: Frau Ange said only Hopps and I are allowed to come with her. I did guess that we're coming to the refugee settlement, but no, I didn't tell a single soul.

Morridow: Neither did you, Herr Hopps, right?

Hopps: I alone will suffice for the task of protecting Frau Angelia.

J: Then I suppose everyone gets the message.

J: If anything does go wrong, we're really on our own.

Angelia: We'll split up once we're in. Keep a low profile.

Hopps: I'm afraid I'll have to object.

Angelia: Why?

Hopps: If we are all scattered, I cannot guarantee your personal safety.

Hopps: I would never have agreed to this plan had I known you were planning to enter the refugee settlement.

Angelia: I don't need your permission.

Angelia: I doubt you could stop me now even if you want to.

Hopps: I know, that's why I will actively participate in your capture mission. However, I hope you won't take this operation lightly and let down your guard.

Hopps: The refugee settlement is isolated from the rest of the city with a wall and turrets because this place is teeming with criminals of the most nefarious kind.

Hopps: The garrison can only prevent the refugees from stepping foot outside, but maintaining order within the settlement is completely beyond their capability.

Angelia: You seem awfully prejudiced against these refugees.

Hopps: I'm just preparing for the worst.

Hopps: If we end up in a large-scale conflict, it's questionable whether our corpses will ever be found.

Angelia: Is that so? In that case, please keep an eye on Miss Morridow over there once we're inside.

Angelia: She's shaking like a leaf.

Morridow: I...I...I'm not...

Angelia: Still, your warning is duly noted. I will only have my Dolls work separately.

Angelia: But everyone else must obey my command. If you can't do that, now is the time to turn back.

Hopps: ...

Hopps: I will obey.

Angelia: No more questions? Then let's go.
Part 2: Spiderweb

2

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

After a brief conversation with Morridow, the military officer at the checkpoint heads inside the sentry box to make a phone call, all the while observing Ange and co.

The mechanical gate of the refugee settlement soon starts rising slowly.

When the gate is fully open, the speakers inside the wall, which have been silent for a long time, start playing music.

Broadcast: Welcome to the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen! We wish you a pleasant journey!

Angelia: Do they expect us to visit the refugee settlement as tourists?

J: I don't think the PA system has made a peep ever since the wall was built.

Morridow: This is the main gate that leads directly to the city. It's practically impossible for refugees to be granted passage, so this gate has pretty much never been opened.

Morridow: There are very strong objections to integrating refugees into our population. It will take a lot of lengthy discussions for the Volkskammer to reach a consensus, and the issue won't be solved until then.

Hopps: It isn't our issue to solve.

Angelia: So this is why the settlement has degenerated into lawlessness.

Angelia: Lucia.

AK-12: Yes, Ange.

Angelia: Take your team and scout this area quickly. I'm going to make some human friends and see what we're dealing with here.

AK-12: Understood.

The streets look clean enough, but they are lined with dilapidated brick apartment blocks and wooden houses, most of which predate WWIII.

Angelia: It looks pretty bleak.

Morridow: Not many venture out during the day.

Morridow: Most of the residents are unemployed, and there aren't any shops or other entertainment facilities for them to go to.

Morridow: Regular refugees only tend to head outside to collect rations distributed by the government.

Angelia: That makes for a very convenient place for crooks and hustlers to get around.

Angelia: Powell has picked a great place for his business.

Morridow: PECMAR has organized fundraising events and contributed a lot to the reconstruction of the settlement.

Morridow: At least it is now reasonably habitable.

Morridow: This used to be a wasteland with nothing apart from ruins, dirt, and weeds.

Angelia: Really...?

Angelia: That's all well and good, but the way I see it, this is essentially no different than a ghetto.

Morridow: Well, it's a long and gradual process...

Angelia: Long and gradual, eh?

Angelia: You see those people who are avoiding our eyes? Their complexion suggests that they're infected with ELID.

Morridow: Hm...

Ange picks a hand-rolled cigarette butt off the ground and gives it a sniff.

Angelia: Also, they're on drugs.

Morridow: Drugs?

J: Painkillers, psychedelics - drugs that cannot cure their sickness but give them a false sense of comfort.

Ange lowers the cigarette butt and looks around.

A few gaunt and emaciated refugees are glaring at them with malice.

Ange returns their gaze squarely. The group mutter under their breath and retreat deeper into an alley.

Hopps: Why are we stopping?

Angelia: This settlement seems even more dangerous than I expected.

Angelia: Ange flicks the cigarette butt away and cleans her fingers with her handkerchief.

Hopps: Humph, it's just drugs.

Hopps: Hardly surprising in a piss-hole like this.

J: ...Hopps, you sound like a conservative?

Hopps: ...I'm not particularly political.

Hopps: What, you can't put me under investigation just because I'm telling the truth.

J: I wasn't questioning you. The Stasi also takes the refugee issue very seriously. It's natural for people who have lost hope of salvation to turn to other things.

Angelia: I suppose no one's offering any treatment for these people?

Morridow: The Bremen government is very eager to establish a comprehensive healthcare system and provide the required facility and equipment for the refugees.

Morridow: Unfortunately, it is extremely difficult to obtain medical resources outside the White Zone. There is only limited healthcare services even for German citizens.

Morridow: Not to mention the shortage of medical staff.

Morridow: That's why the only thing the government can do for the settlement is to support the efforts of the local refugee relief organizations and give them what little medical supplies we can spare.

Hopps: Even so, the government shouldn't be wasting our tax revenue on places like this.

Angelia: Is that why your superiors have decided to leave these people here to die?

Morridow: It can't be helped...

Morridow: PECMAR has been trying to push a bill to solve the refugee issue, but nobody wants to invest the necessary resources.

Morridow: Before we can secure healthcare and basic welfare for the refugees, a strict quarantine is the best measure we can take at the moment.

Morridow: We can't let the ELID epidemic spread into the city...

Morridow: Even uninfected refugees would require sufficient education and training to integrate into society.

Morridow: In our current situation, we simply do not have the funding or the human resources for that.

Angelia: This settlement is pretty much a microcosm of what's happening in the world.

AN-94: Ange, we're onto something.

Angelia: Go on.

AN-94: We've scanned the relevant areas and detected a target that appears to be Powell.

AN-94: Our analysis on his facial features and gait gives us reason to believe that this is the high-value target we are looking for.

AN-94: The HVT is currently heading towards the Refugee Support Center, which is his rendezvous point according to our intel.

Angelia: Understood. We're coming your way. Tail him from a safe distance. Don't get spotted.

AK-12: We are fairly far away from the HVT.

AK-12: But the refugees nearby are starting to congregate and they don't look too friendly.

Angelia: Stay low... This is just a refugee settlement, but the GIP must have people in here. I'm sure they've already heard of what happened yesterday.

AK-12: You mean they're waiting for us to come?

Angelia: That's exactly what I want.

Angelia: Give me visuals on the target. I need to confirm it.

AN-94: Hold on... You are now synced to my vision.

—Connection established.

An overweight man peers left and right before entering a small alley. He knocks on a door, which opens to let him in, and he disappears from sight.

Farther down the alley, a group of young refugees are beating up a middle-aged man. A ration can rolls out of the paper bag that he is desperately trying to protect. He reaches for the can but one of his attackers pins a foot firmly on his hand.

AN-94: We've lost sight of the HVT, but that man over there...

Angelia: We're not here to do the police's job.

AK-12: We know better than to get sidetracked. It just doesn't sit right with Antje.

AK-12: Renate, can you see the target from your location?

AK-12: He's in our blind spot.

RPK-16: We have our eyes firmly on him.

RPK-16: Ah, it's absolutely delightful to see him so flustered.

AK-12: Enjoy the view.

AK-12: Antje, we're switching locations.

AN-94: Roger.

Angelia: Lucia and the others have spotted Powell. He is on his way to the Refugee Support Center.

J: That was quick!

J: Our recon people could really take a page out of the Doll ladies' book.

Hopps: Ready your weapons. The GIP may show themselves.

Hopps: They will not be giving us a warm welcome.

Angelia: No, they're already here.

Following Ange's gaze, her associates notice a group of people heading their way. They appear as physically unkempt as the other refugees, but they hold themselves in a completely different way.

Angelia: These people mean business.

Hopps: Unfriendly business.

Angelia: Keep moving and maintain a safe distance.

Morridow: Huh?!

Morridow: Who are they?

Morridow: What do they want?

J: They don't look like local gangsters. Their tailing method reminds me more of plainclothes.

J: In any case, they're definitely not here to welcome us, though I certainly didn't expect an attack so soon.

Angelia: Aren't they your friends?

J: My friends?

J: I have no such friends. The Stasi and the Polizei don't really see eye to eye.

J: But one thing's for sure⁠—I'm the only one the Stasi sent.

Hopps: There are many who have a stake in the refugee settlement. We are being watched by multiple factions.

Hopps: Someone might have decided to intervene to protect their own interests.

Angelia: Humph... Interests...

Angelia: Lucia, we're being stalked. Track them down.

AK-12: Piece of cake. Their disguise is pretty flimsy.

AK-12: What should we do with them? Do we engage?

Angelia: I don't want to cause a commotion if I can help it, but I don't think they really care.

AK-12: Judging by the way they're moving, they're definitely armed.

Angelia: We can't afford to be bogged down here.

Angelia: Renate, keep pursuing the HVT. Antje, get to a rooftop and watch the surroundings.

Angelia: Lucia, go and help out that poor fellow.

AK-12: Ha... Another good deed of the day?

Angelia: Yep, we are the good guys, after all.

By the time Ange gets off the comms, their pursuers have already closed the distance between them.

Both J and Hopps move their hands toward their concealed weapons and look at Ange for instructions.

J: What's the plan?

Angelia: We split up at the alley up ahead to scatter them. DEFY will then pick them off.

Angelia: Morridow, we're going this way.

Morridow: Huh? Do we really have to split up?

J: What a shame. Guess I'll team up with the big burly man then.

Hopps: ...

Ange puts her arm around Morridow and guides her down a small path while J and Hopps turn the other way and enter a different alley.

The "refugees" follow suit. They stop at the junction uncertainly. After a brief discussion, they also break into two teams.

Ange glances in J and Hopp's direction. As she expected, some of their pursuers have splintered off to follow them.

Only three are still on Ange and Morridow's trail; they probably think the women would be easy pickings.

AK-12: I'm in position.

Angelia: Make it clean.

AK-12: There are only three of them. Don't insult me.

With Morridow in tow, Ange suddenly darts into the alley. She picks up a piece of brick from the ground when she's temporarily out of the enemies' sight.

At the end of the alley, the group of young refugees have already seized the middle-aged man's paper bag. Ange watches as they take pleasure in tormenting their victim, who is curled up on the ground.

Angelia: Ten seconds.

AK-12: Copy that.

Morridow: What...what are you planning to do?

Angelia: ...Hush.

Angelia: Stay close.

With brick in hand, Ange starts walking towards the group of thugs.

Completely engrossed in pulverizing their victim, the young men remain oblivious to Ange's advance. She raises the piece of brick and bashes it hard into one of the thugs' skull.

The thug lets out a cry and collapses. The others immediately straighten up and turn around to confront the attacker.

Meanwhile, Ange has already dragged Morridow out of their sight. All they see are the "refugees" who have come running this way upon hearing that yelp of pain.

These "refugees" have no idea what has transpired mere seconds ago, but when the young men come charging at them with knives unsheathed, they realize they're in danger and immediately draw their pistols.

The thugs freeze at the sight of the firearms, while the "refugees" also hesitate bemusedly at the sudden turn of events.

Before the "refugees" can figure out the situation, AK-12 suddenly leaps down from the rooftop and lands behind the last man in the file. Using her momentum, she jabs him in the back of the neck.

The man crumples to the ground in a heap. His two associates realize immediately that this is a trap, but just as they are about to turn around, AK-12 punches one of them squarely in the jaw.

The other tries to take aim at her, so she grabs the man with the recently-broken jaw by the arm and flings him into the one still with the pistol. As he loses his balance, AK-12 strikes him in the wrist. His grip loosens out of pain and the pistol falls onto the ground with a clatter.

Finally, she gives him a shove, giving her the space to execute a roundhouse kick, which sends the last "refugee" and his friends all hurtling into the back alley bins, rendering them unconscious.

AK-12: Voilà.

Morridow: That was insanely fast!

Angelia: Check their stuff.

AK-12 nods and starts rummaging through their pockets.

Ange picks up their weapons and removes the magazines, then she dismantles the pistols and tosses the parts into the bins.

She shoves the loaded magazines into Morridow's bag, while the latter is still in a daze.

Everything happened too quickly. The thugs, knives still in hand, are still trying to wrap their heads around what just happened.

AK-12 simply shoots them a glance. They immediately give a start and scramble away in fright.

The middle-aged man huddling on the ground once again hears footsteps approaching. He looks up and sees a woman dressed in a black suit place a ration can that has rolled off right in front of him.

Without any word of gratitude, the shell-shocked man grabs the can and takes off running.
Part 3: House of Cards

3

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

...Residence of Chairwoman Ulrich, Bremen.

Ulrich: I'm afraid I don't understand, Herr Bürgermeister. Are you saying I'm to undergo individual interrogation?

Mayor of Bremen: It's not as serious as it sounds, Frau Ulrich.

Mayor of Bremen: It's just a standard procedure. After all, everyone is watching the "Good Samaritan" of Bremen with keen interest, and it was you who facilitated her entry into the city.

Mayor of Bremen: I'm sure that many others are wondering where your loyalties lie.

Ulrich: What exactly is that supposed to mean? I am absolutely loyal to my country, my party, as well as my people.

Ulrich: Those words didn't come from you. Who is it that's questioning my loyalties? The city of Bremen? The Volkskammer? The Socialist Unity Party? Or is it someone in Pankow?

Ulrich: If the party suspects treachery on my part, I demand that they immediately remove me from office and hand me over to the Ministry for State Security for investigation.

Ulrich: Herr Erich Meyer, Vice-Chief of the Stasi, happens to be the one who put me on this case to begin with. You could ask him to take me away.

Mayor of Bremen: No, no, that's not what I mean.

Mayor of Bremen: There is no need to trouble Herr Meyer over such a trivial matter. It really is not as serious as you think.

Ulrich: Then please explain yourself.

Mayor of Bremen: The Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction has been extremely generous in your aid of our government, we know that.

Mayor of Bremen: However, when running a city, it is essential to adhere to its actual jurisdictional administration. It isn't wise to overstep one's authority.

Ulrich: Of course. I will make sure my subordinate exercises restraint in her actions.

Mayor of Bremen: Will you?

Mayor of Bremen: But from what I know, the "Good Samaritan" has already made her way into the refugee settlement, isn't that right?

Ulrich: And? Does that inconvenience you in any way?

Mayor of Bremen: Hm, it is not my intention to bypass you or the Stasi to interfere with your friend's business.

Mayor of Bremen: To be honest, a number of long-standing problems have been solved beautifully with her help.

Mayor of Bremen: However, unlike the few storms she's kicked up before, meddling with the refugee settlement is a lot more problematic.

Ulrich: I do not understand. Does the Bremen government have some kind of secret in there?

Mayor of Bremen: I'll give it to you straight.

Mayor of Bremen: Nobody wants to have anything to do with that place, but nobody wants something bad to happen there either.

Mayor of Bremen: I know you are Rossartrists, but you can't be so idealistic about everything.

Mayor of Bremen: That settlement is like a pustule, Frau Ulrich. I hope you will refrain from popping it and splashing dirty pus everywhere.

Mayor of Bremen: Especially when we all desperately need to keep up appearances.

Ulrich: A pustule? That's a bit of an understatement from what I know...

Mayor of Bremen: No, you have no idea what you're dealing with. It's a lot worse than any of us can imagine.

Mayor of Bremen: No matter how many resources PECMAR pours into the settlement, that place is a bottomless pit that can never be filled.

Mayor of Bremen: You will never understand the difficulties faced by those who are doing the actual work. We are responsible for a lot more people than the refugees in there. Everything costs money these days.

Mayor of Bremen: It's simply impossible to achieve the results you desire with finite resources.

Mayor of Bremen: It's hard enough to preserve the status quo within the settlement.

Mayor of Bremen: It takes a certain amount of self-governance to keep that place from falling apart, and there just so happens to be someone who's providing said "governance", in a manner of speaking.

Mayor of Bremen: I know their methods are underhanded, and the government certainly wishes someone of less dubious nature could do the job, but they're a necessary evil.

Ulrich: So you're asking that the Soviets refrain from crossing a certain line and causing all hell to break loose in the settlement?

Mayor of Bremen: We are both civilized people. We both know how certain things need to be handled.

Mayor of Bremen: I deeply appreciate the contributions your friends have made to the development of Bremen. I'm sure their presence will drive the city to a better future.

Mayor of Bremen: But I've also heard some rumors that if something comes to pass, the pledge that Bremen has made to Berlin will be undermined.

Mayor of Bremen: This concerns the unity of our nation and could threaten to shatter the hard-earned trust in the post-war era.

Mayor of Bremen: As you've said yourself, people in Pankow would be greatly displeased.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: You're absolutely right, we need to trust each other now more than ever in the aftermath of the war. I completely understand your concern.

Ulrich: Protecting our country's interests is our common goal, so I will do whatever I can for this noble cause.

Mayor of Bremen: Thank you for everything you have done for Bremen and for our country.

...

Morridow: The mayor actually said that?

Ulrich: Morridow, what's the situation over there?

Morridow: We just entered the refugee camp. Things have been going well so far...

Ulrich: Hm, I trust Ange will have no problem keeping things under control.

Ulrich: Your presence should also help stabilize the situation, but right now, we can't be certain of anything.

Ulrich: If the settlement erupts into chaos, make your safety the priority.

Morridow: ...Understood, Frau Ulrich.

Morridow: Frau Ange is a real pro. She's been neutralizing all kinds of threats very skillfully throughout her investigations.

Morridow: However, she is hellbent on capturing the child trafficker in the settlement. No matter how cautious we try to be, I'm afraid a commotion is inevitable.

Ulrich: You've been working by my side for too long. We only ever see the good side of things—the deceptive façade—because we have little to no real-world experience.

Ulrich: I didn't tell you about the conversation I had with the mayor to put a stop to your operation. I just want you to know that the path to even the slightest bit of progress is always long and winding, and sometimes, the price for progress is far beyond what you can imagine.

Ulrich: Our goal is to build a world of peace. Before we have peace, we must experience the cruelty of war.

Morridow: Yes, Frau Ulrich, I will do my utmost best.

Ulrich: Whatever the outcome of this capture operation, tell Ange to get in touch with me once you leave the settlement.

Ulrich: There are certain matters that we can attend to only after this is over.

...

Angelia: How are things on your end?

Hopps: We're done.

Hopps: These folks weren't half bad. They've had formal training.

J: Pretty much on the same level as professional soldiers. Nothing we can't handle though.

Angelia: We have no time to waste on these people. We must hurry and find Powell.

AK-12: Ange, take a look at this.

Lucia hands Ange an ID she has found while searching the "refugees". It bears the insignia of the Mobile Einsatzkommando.

Morridow: Police from the MEK?

Morridow: So it wasn't the GIP?

Morridow: Then why were they following us?

Angelia: IDs can be falsified, but this insignia is the real deal.

Angelia: Also, just because they're police doesn't mean they don't work for the GIP.

Angelia: Looks like corruption runs a lot deeper in the local public service than we first imagined.

J: Save me your schadenfreude. This is exactly why we're needed for the job.

AN-94: Ange, enemy reinforcements are heading this way.

Angelia: Got it. We're getting out of here.

A group of people rush toward the alley. Ange pulls Morridow further down the passageway.

AK-12 turns into another alley and disappears.

Their new pursuers stop to examine the unconscious MEK officers and report their findings through the comms while cautiously keeping an eye on their surroundings.

In the end, probably intimidated by their enemies' strength, they decide to give up the chase and withdraw with their unconscious colleagues.

AK-12: The cops have left the alley.

Angelia: They gave up then. Smart choice.

Angelia: Alright. Renate, sit rep.

RPK-16: The HVT has entered the Refugee Support Center indicated on our map. It looks like a church.

RPK-16: I'm detecting multiple human bio signs on the second floor. He's not alone.

Angelia: Seal off the back door. Don't let them escape.

Angelia: J, Hopps, do you copy?

J: What do you need?

Angelia: The HVT's location has been confirmed. He's in the Refugee Support Center. You two approach from the southeast and I'll enter the church from the northwest. DEFY will cut them off.

Angelia: Don't give yourselves away. We need this guy alive.

J: I can handle that, but make sure you don't beat him to death, big oaf.

Hopps: I will capture this man myself.

Angelia: Lucia, watch the front entrance. Don't let anyone out.

AK-12: Are you sure about this?

AK-12: The capture will likely go better if you leave that to us.

Angelia: You need to secure the perimeter of the church. Compared to Powell, I'm more worried about the cops of questionable allegiance.

AK-12: Understood.

AK-12: We've lost our stalkers, but the refugees nearby have started gathering this way. This doesn't look entirely natural.

Angelia: Aide summoned by the HVT?

AK-12: I'm not sure. They aren't displaying any hostile behavior, but they could be tipping others off about our location.

AK-12: We will try our best to avoid getting spotted as we relocate to a new observation point.

Angelia: Copy that.

Ange drags Morridow along as they dart through alleys and passageways. She can clearly tell that there are more refugees out and about than before.

These people eye the two women quizzically and expectantly.

Angelia: Why are there more and more of them...?

Morridow: It's almost noon. The Refugee Support Center usually gives out food around this time, so the refugees are coming this way.

Angelia: What?

Angelia: Why didn't you tell me something so important?

Morridow: Huh? Is it important?

Morridow: ...You didn't ask.

Angelia: It's not a good idea to snatch someone in broad daylight...

Hopps: Ange, we're to the southeast of the church. Where are you?

Angelia: We're almost in position as well. Stand by where you are.

Ange and Morridow exit the alley and the church that's being used as the Refugee Support Center comes into view.

There aren't that many wandering refugees here, but the two women stick out too much because of their appearance.

Ange was going to leave Morridow outside, but she changes her mind and decides to bring her along.

Angelia: Are you familiar with this building?

Morridow: I...I've been here a few times.

Angelia: Describe its interior.

Morridow: It's a regular lobby on the first floor, converted from the chapel.

Morridow: All the pews have been taken apart for firewood.

Morridow: There are two staircases that lead to the second floor. The office is in the back.

Angelia: Are there any other exits?

Morridow: I think there's a ladder that leads to the cellar, but I don't know where it is...

Angelia: Good. All this information will make the capture much easier.

Morridow: Why are you putting your own life at risk to do this?

Morridow: You have your Doll bodyguards... Isn't it better to let them handle this?

Angelia: They have an even more important job. A good commander should never shove all the dangerous work onto Dolls.

Angelia: Also...don't you trust me?

Morridow: Oh... That's not what I mean.

Angelia: In that case, leave this to me.

Angelia: Don't make a peep and just stay close to me, okay?

Morridow nods uncertainly.

Ange pulls out her pistol and vaults through the window quietly into the building with Morridow.

Angelia: We're in. There are two staircases with access to the second floor. You two take over the one on the other side.

Angelia: I will capture the HVT when the timing is right.

Hopps: None of us knows what's waiting for us in there.

Hopps: Frau Ulrich reminded me once again after learning what happened before that we mustn't let you put yourself in too much danger.

Hopps: Let me take the lead.

Angelia: No, I want to catch that bastard myself.

Angelia: Take control of the staircase on the other end. That's an order.

Hopps: ...Roger.

Ange creeps toward the bottom of the stairs. She gestures for Morridow to remain where she is and starts ascending cautiously.

The thick floorboards creak softy under her slow footsteps. As she gets closer to the second floor, she can clearly overhear someone having a conversation.

...

Male Voice: ...Is my contact still not here?

Male Voice: I'm already being followed!

Male Voice: This isn't what we agreed on!

Ange quietly leans against the wall. Peeking around the corner, she can see the fat man talking on the phone. Four men armed with submachine guns are guarding him.

The high-value target is right in front of Ange, but she patiently waits for the armed guards to turn their backs.

Powell: You lot, watch this place! We're on our own!

Powell: I'm going to find a few genuine friends that can help us!

The men turn towards Powell—here comes her chance!

Just then—

Male Voice: Who's there?!!

All of a sudden, a shout comes from the other end of the corridor, followed by the sound of submachine guns and pistols exchanging fire.

Powell: They...they're here!!

Angelia: Dammit!

The men in the room come charging out. Ange takes out the one in the lead with a clean shot before diving around the corner back to the stairs.

A bullet whizzes past where she was standing a second ago.

The enemies fire continuously at the corner until Ange hears the telltale clicks.

These men have clearly not undergone professional training. They kept strafing aimlessly and emptied their magazines in an instant.

While they are busy fumbling with their new magazines, trying to reload, Ange ducks around the corner and guns down two of them.

Meanwhile, a shot is also fired on the other end, and the last armed enemy is taken out by the man who just made it onto the second floor.

Angelia: Hold your fire! It's me!

Hopps: Where's Powell?

Angelia: He escaped through the cellar. What happened downstairs?!

J: Someone suddenly came up from behind us. He had a gun.

J: We had no choice but to strike first...

Hopps: ...Sorry.

Angelia: Behind you? What rotten luck.

Angelia: J, check the whole room. Make it quick.

J: It's empty. Do we go down the ladder and maintain pursuit?

Angelia: No, unless you want to die.

J: Fine, forget I asked.

AK-12: Watch out, Ange. The refugees outside heard the gunshots and are gathering outside the church.

AK-12: They have the building completely surrounded. I suggest you stay put inside.

Angelia: Crap...

Angelia: Hopps, get Morridow up here.

Angelia: Then lock all the doors and windows.

Hopps: On it.

Hopps: Some refugees tried to break into the lobby. I scared them off with my gun.

Angelia: Make sure no one gets in.

Angelia: If they charge in as a group, we can't hold them off with our armament.

Hopps: I'll do my best.

AK-12: Do you have the HVT?

Angelia: No, the capture failed. The target escaped through the cellar.

Angelia: Renate, can you spot the HVT?

RPK-16: Ange messed up. How unusual.

Angelia: Answer me!

RPK-16: I'll try to find him, but the refugees around us are getting uncomfortably close.

RPK-16: Permission to intimidate them with our weapons?

Angelia: Permission granted, but don't fire unless you absolutely have to.

RPK-16: We will respond in an appropriately friendly manner.

RPK-16: Still, the refugees around the church are getting rowdy. They seem very angry about the lack of rations today.

RPK-16: If they get their hands on you, they'll probably make a delicious lunch out of you.

Angelia: Thanks for the warning. Capture the HVT and bring him to the church.

Angelia: I will hunker down here with these bumbling dunces. This will also be our extraction point.

Angelia: Take Erwin with you. Lucia and Antje, keep the situation outside under control.

AK-12: Copy that.

RPK-16: Didn't you just give a grand speech about not exploiting Dolls? Now you're leaving the nastiest job to us.

Angelia: Oh please, I know you enjoy it.

RPK-16: By the way, Powell just has to be alive when I bring him to you, right?

Angelia: I have no complaints as long as he can speak. Otherwise, do as you please.

RPK-16: Hahaha... I was hoping you'd say that.

Angelia: J, what have you found?

J: Powell's ledger, contact list, and memo pad.

J: I'm sure these will help us dig up a bunch of people.

J: Hard to believe he has all this important evidence just lying around in the room.

Angelia: He probably didn't expect anyone to take down his meat shields and gatecrash his den.

J: True, bulldozers like you aren't too common...

J: You really are made of sterner stuff to have made it out alive of that submarine base.

J: Don't look at me like that, the entire Stasi knows about your daring escapade with K.

RPK-16: Ange, we've once again located the HVT.

RPK-16: He has emerged in the residential area and is moving south.

RPK-16: He is taking cover among a group of refugees, and the ones around us are getting restless.

RPK-16: I don't think they want us to be snooping around.

RPK-16: Erwin, give them a glimpse of your combat knife.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Okay, they now have no problem with our snooping around.

RPK-16: But we'd better be on our way. Lucia, do you have visuals on the HVT's location?

AK-12: One moment, establishing visual link.

AK-12: Right, that's him. We'll keep observing the HVT. You now have his real-time coordinates.

AK-12: You'd better hurry. I have a feeling that things are going to get worse the longer this drags on.

RPK-16: Understood. Finally, we can take credit for a capture.

RPK-16: It was always you who got all the glory. Erwin isn't too pleased about that.

AK-12: You mean YOU are not too pleased about that. As if Erwin would care about this kind of thing.

Hopps: Ange, can your Doll squad come and give us some support?

Angelia: I've left two nearby outside the church; the other pair are pursuing Powell.

Angelia: He's heading south and the refugees are covering his escape.

J: I thought Powell was an undesirable figure here, but the opposite seems to be true?

Hopps: He must be pretty influential among the locals to be able to buy off the police.

Hopps: If the refugees are also doing his bidding, it's too dangerous to move here.

Hopps: We'd better get some reinforcements.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Agreed.

Angelia: J, we need a helicopter.

Angelia: Once DEFY has the HVT, they'll retreat to this location. Then we'll take our cargo up to the roof and get out of here.

J: Now? I'll have to run this past my superior.

Angelia: You can't even authorize a chopper lift?

Morridow: Let me contact the chairwoman!

Morridow: PECMAR's aircrafts have airspace clearance. They are ready to fly anytime!

J: My rank and authority aren't the issue here. Unlike you Soviets, our state security department doesn't have its own military force.

J: It's difficult to arrange for such things without prior preparation.

Angelia: Tsk... I'm starting to miss the pal who can randomly send me a helicopter with 25 T-Dolls.

J: We are in the heart of a well-populated city. Please don't turn this place into a second Belgrade... K said he'll bring backup ASAP.

Angelia: Fine. Let's hope he'll be on time for once. We must hold this church until DEFY completes the capture.

Angelia: If the refugees manage to get through, none of us will live to see the sun rise tomorrow.
Part 4: Animal Chess

4

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

RPK-16: That was really interesting, wasn't it?

...Zone A, Refugee Settlement.

AK-15: What?

RPK-16: The broadcast. And the refugees here. Neither is making us feel very welcome.

The refugees are openly hostile to well-dressed people who obviously don't belong here.

Ever since RPK-16 and AK-15 have entered the residential area, the people here have been giving them dirty looks. Some even spat at them belligerently.

AK-15: They are not armed.

AK-15: Simple acts of provocation driven by extreme animosity are no threat to us.

RPK-16: Humans have a tendency of dividing themselves into different classes and they love finding ways to feel superior.

RPK-16: From a Doll's point of view, this kind of self-deception is quite amusing.

RPK-16: I wonder how they would react if we demonstrate the fact that they are actually inferior?

AK-15: That is not part of the mission.

RPK-16 snatches up a few items of clothing that some refugees have left out to dry as she walks down the street. She hands AK-15 a coat.

RPK-16: We can add to our itinerary, like, right now.

RPK-16: I believe at least two wannabe-hunters want to experience what it feels to be hunted.

AK-15: Are we being followed already?

RPK-16: Yes, but they're not particularly skilled, just like the ones that latched onto Ange when we first arrived.

RPK-16: I was hoping someone would show a bit more finesse, but so far I've only been disappointed.

RPK-16: Isn't that kind of demotivating?

AK-15: You're right, I see them. I've tapped into their comms link. Sharing audio with you.

RPK-16: Looks like there's more than two of them.

RPK-16: Well, it's only polite to bag them all.

AK-15: Ange told us to avoid firing our weapons.

RPK-16: My dear, firing our weapons isn't the only way to eliminate our enemies.

RPK-16: "Elimination" is just the result. What matters is how we define the process.

AK-15: What are you planning to do?

RPK-16 reveals a few black cubes.

RPK-16: Camouflage yourself.

RPK-16: Then let's have some fun "fishing".

...

Armed Agent A: Targets spotted again. They're exiting a house.

Armed Agent A: Squad A is tailing them.

Plainclothes Commander: Copy that. Squad B is right behind you, ready to outflank the two Dolls.

Plainclothes Commander: Note that these are not your run-of-the-mill Tactical Dolls. They've already taken out two of our teams. Exercise extreme caution.

Plainclothes Commander: They have disguised themselves with clothing of local refugees. Observe their physique and don't lose them.

Armed Agent A: Understood. Squad A has stun guns at the ready. We can attack as soon as we come into contact with the targets.

Armed Agent B: Are you sure about using non-lethal weapons?

Armed Agent B: They are a lot more dangerous than we first expected.

Plainclothes Commander: Whoever gets tased by a stun gun is knocked right out, be them human or Doll.

Plainclothes Commander: Besides, these Dolls participated in the operation at that submarine base. The intel in their neural clouds is worth much more than your heads.

Armed Agent A: Don't worry.

Armed Agent A: We've pinpointed their signals. We have the initiative.

Armed Agent B: Alright, we'll pick up the pace and get to the next junction. Then we can launch a pincer attack with Squad A.

Armed Agent B: Humph, they're still pursuing Powell doggedly. They have no idea that the guy is just bait.

Armed Agent A: The targets are moving steadily towards their objective. They haven't caught sight of us.

Armed Agent A: We are now hidden in the crowd. Squad A is 15 meters away from the Dolls.

Armed Agent B: It's only two Dolls.

Armed Agent B: Maintain your current speed. We can proceed once everyone is in position.

Plainclothes Commander: Attention Squad A, the targets have split up.

Plainclothes Commander: They are now moving in opposite directions.

Armed Agent A: Using the same trick again?

Armed Agent A: We're not falling for it this time.

Plainclothes Commander: Something's wrong. One of them is heading towards you!

Armed Agent A: That's perfect. We can do them in ahead of schedule.

Disguised as a refugee, the plainclothes agent hide his stun gun in his coat and watches as a figure wearing a hat saunters toward them, completely oblivious to the hidden threat.

He confirms the signal—it is his target.

The armed agent jabs the stun gun at the person with the hat, who collapses after giving a spasm.

The other two plainclothes agents drags the unconscious victim into the space between two buildings.

Armed Agent A: That was easy. Get the hat off.

Armed Agent A: Even with all those layers on, our stun gun still—

The hat is taken off...only to reveal a middle-aged man who is foaming at the mouth.

Armed Agent A: What...?

RPK-16: Bullying innocent civilians isn't a good habit, Mr. Cop~

Armed Agent A: ...!!

The plainclothes tries to attack RPK-16 with his stun gun, but she grabs him by the wrist and twists his arm around, causing him to stun himself instead. He convulses and hits the ground. His colleagues pauses for a moment, trying to comprehend what just happened, then they all charge at RPK-16.

...

A few plainclothes officers are flung out into the street. RPK-16 pokes her head out and peers left and right before dragging them back into the narrow alley.

Plainclothes Commander: Squad A!

Plainclothes Commander: Squad A, respond!

Armed Agent B: This is Squad B!

Armed Agent B: Something's not right. Our targets just multiplied! There are now four of them!

Armed Agent B: No, eight!

Plainclothes Commander: Scheiße! They've deployed signal decoys!

Plainclothes Commander: They must've slipped signal emitters into the refugees' pockets to throw us off!

Plainclothes Commander: Ignore the signals! Can you spot the Dolls by sight?!

Armed Agent B: Y...Yes, sir!

Armed Agent B: Hold on, they're coming from behind... Draw weapons...!

Armed Agent B: Argh!!

Plainclothes Commander: Squad B? Squad B?!

Plainclothes Commander: ...We've lost contact with two squads in a matter of seconds... Are we actually the ones being hunted?

Plainclothes Commander: If...if that's the case, then they must be monitoring our comms...

The plainclothes commander wipes away the sweat on his forehead. He throws his radio onto the ground and crushes it with a foot.

He is just about to turn and run when someone seizes him by the collar from behind.

RPK-16: As the commander, you're just going to turn tail and leave your subordinates for dead? Isn't that a bit dishonorable?

Beads of sweat start dripping down the man's forehead again. He suddenly draws his pistol and turns around, trying to shoot RPK-16.

Unsurprisingly, RPK-16 grabs his arm and with a nimble twist, the man finds himself flung across the air before crashing heavily onto the ground.

AK-15: I'm done over here. Have you captured their commander?

RPK-16: Snatched him just as he was about to leg it.

Plainclothes Commander: Blasted Doll! Do you know who I am?!

Plainclothes Commander: You mechanical low-lives! What gives you the right to do this?!

RPK-16: Oh dear, quite the bigot, aren't you?

RPK-16: Thankfully, unlike humans, we Dolls are very open-minded and tolerant.

RPK-16: If you tell me who's pulling the strings and what they're planning, I'm happy to pretend I didn't hear what you just said.

Plainclothes Commander: You've got to be joking!

Plainclothes Commander: We're the police! If you dare raise a hand against law enforcers, you won't be leaving Bremen at all!

RPK-16: Hm, it seems our conscientious public servant doesn't quite understand the situation.

RPK-16: Erwin, I'll leave it to you to persuade Fritz over here.

AK-15: This way, please.

AK-15 drags the man by the collar into an abandoned house.

The sound of punches landing on flesh can soon be heard.

The man howls in pain and struggles to break free. He tries to scramble outside, but AK-15 simply seizes him again and hauls him back into the house.

RPK-16: Why do people only want to talk after being subjected to unnecessary pain?

RPK-16: Why can't we just come to an understanding with words alone?

RPK-16: Don't you agree, Fritz?

RPK-16 expresses her dismay theatrically as she strolls in through the door.

Blood is flowing from the man's nose, smearing half of his face. He can barely open his eyes.

Plainclothes Commander: My...my name...isn't Fritz...

RPK-16: Doesn't matter. I don't really care what you're called.

RPK-16: So, can you finally tell us what we want to know?

Plainclothes Commander: I...I...

RPK-16: Still not talking?

RPK-16: Your willpower is truly commendable. Erwin, give him another round.

Plainclothes Police: A-Alright! I'll tell you everything!

Plainclothes Police: Don't beat me anymore!

A few minutes later...

RPK-16: Fascinating. I didn't expect humans to come up with such an interesting plan.

AK-15: Should we inform Ange?

RPK-16: Of course. I also want to tell her about my new idea.

AK-15: Are you sure about that?

AK-15: We will be walking right into their trap.

RPK-16: Imagine if someone thinks they're about to go to Heaven but they suddenly find themselves in Hell—it's going to be so much fun!

RPK-16: As long as we capture the HVT in the end, Ange won't have a problem no matter what we do, right?

RPK-16: In that case, you can't blame me for having some harmless fun while doing a boring task.

AK-15: ...Fine. Do whatever you want.

...Zone A, Refugee Settlement.

In a certain control room, a group of people are working in front of multiple surveillance workstations.

There is a steady stream of electronic pings and keyboard clicks. New documents are constantly being printed, held up against the monitors for comparison and calculations.

With a fresh cup of coffee in hand, the chief inquires about the latest status of the mission.

Station Chief: What happened?

Operator A: They've obscured their signals after attacking our agents. We're trying to locate them.

Station Chief: Can't believe those Soviet scrap metal robots are capable of that... Anything on the surveillance system?

Operator B: We're looking, but the CCTV cameras around the residential area are experiencing signal failures.

Station Chief: Get them back online as fast as you can! They're going to make use of this opportunity to act and we can't afford to be blind!

Station Chief: If we still don't have the Soviet bitch and her toys before Powell gets taken away, it'll be on all our heads!

Operator B: Yes sir...

Operator B: Wait, I think we have them over here!

The triumphant shout has attracted everyone's attention.

The monitor shows two female Dolls on the move, one with short hair and the other of imposing stature.

The smart suits they are wearing make them extremely out of place in the derelict streets and regularly draw the eyes of passing refugees.

Powell went inside this building just minutes ago.

The Dolls in pursuit arrive outside the office of the Refugee Aid Association and look around briefly before also slipping into the building.

Operator B: Their appearance matches the description. These are the Dolls sent by our target from Zone A.

Station Chief: Hahaha, and they think nobody knows what they're up to.

Operator B: We've already notified our people nearby to stand by for orders.

Station Chief: Good. Give them the green light!

...

On the monitor, the armed agents are all in position around the building. At the chief's command, they storm into the office.

Meanwhile, in the control room, everyone is observing the situation through the armed agents' camera feed.

Armed Agent A: First floor clear. No sign of any animate objects.

...

Armed Agent A: We're outside the last room. Preparing to break in...

Boom!

Armed Agent B: Clear.

Armed Agent C: Clear!

Armed Agent A: ...Sir, we haven't found any Dolls or detected any threats. Awaiting further directives. Over.

Station Chief: What?!

Station Chief: Check again! Did they escape through a different exit?

Operator B: I'm not seeing them on any of the security feed around the building... This...this makes no sense at all.

Station Chief: ...

Armed Agent A: This may be a trap. Right now...should...their...

The comms link is breaking up.

Station Chief: Repeat? Hey!

Station Chief: Verdammt... What the hell is going on?!

Operator A: Our comms are being jammed... No, someone else is forcing their way into our channel!

Station Chief: Someone else...?

???: That's right, sorry to intrude~

Station Chief: ...?!

Upon hearing the slightly sarcastic female voice, the chief gestures for everyone to keep quiet and puts the call on speaker. Then he bids his subordinates to start tracing the signal origin.

???: This is our first time touring the refugee settlement, so we don't really know our way around.

???: You guys have been such a great help. You've made things so much easier for us~

Station Chief: I don't know what you're talking about.

???: Huh? I thought you knew about our objective here.

???: How about this? Why don't we swap some information?

Station Chief: Swap information?

???: Tell me whose side you're on and who leaked our plans to you.

???: In return, I'll tell you our next objective.

Station Chief: Do you think I'm stupid?

???: No deal? Such a pity~

Station Chief: (How much longer do you need?)

Operator B: (Another 20 seconds!)

Station Chief: Alright... I'll think about it, but I expect some gesture of goodwill.

???: Goodwill? Sure.

???: How about we have this conversation face-to-face, in an open and friendly manner?

Station Chief: Wha...?

Before he can respond, the closed window is suddenly shattered and the statuesque Doll that was on the CCTV footage comes flying into the control room. The operators who are quick to react immediately draw their weapons and fire at her.

But their attacks seem to have no effect on their target whatsoever, and the operators are soon knocked out cleanly one after the other.

The chief, who is several paces away from the intruder, raises his own weapon to shoot the Doll, but a slender hand suddenly grips his wrist and dislodges the gun with ease.

Station Chief: Ow! How is this possible...?!

RPK-16: Nothing is impossible. It's just a simple matter of planting some fake CCTV footage and working our way to this place.

RPK-16: It's all because you have too much faith in your "machines", don't you think?

The chief tries to break free, but a heavy blow to the back of his skull puts him out like a light and he slumps onto the floor.

RPK-16: Oh dear, I barely used any force, but he passed out just like that?

AK-15: Aren't we supposed to interrogate him?

RPK-16: We're in a hurry.

RPK-16: Their equipment will tell us what we need to know.

RPK-16: Right, since I've decided to take pity on these bastards, get them all out of here.

AK-15 gets to work right away. RPK-16 sits down at one of the stations, plugs herself into the server, and starts scanning.

...A few minutes later.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: I see.

AK-15: What did you find?

RPK-16: All the communications logs and records are on Level II. Their firewall might as well be non-existent.

RPK-16: These Fritzes have grown complacent in peacetime and gotten out of practice when it comes to being terrorists.

RPK-16: If they are willing to pay, I'd gladly teach them how to do this properly.

AK-15: Any important intelligence?

RPK-16: Eh, it's all really boring stuff. We'll let Ange sort through this herself.

RPK-16: I've downloaded the entire database.

RPK-16: That's it, time to go.

AK-15: They're quite slow to react.

RPK-16: They're a bunch of amateurs.

RPK-16: Like I said, if they have the cash, I don't mind making an entire course out of this.

A massive explosion echoes throughout the settlement. The building where RPK-16 and AK-15 are in is instantly engulfed in flames.

A figure observes the burning rubble with binoculars from a distance.
Part 5: Instigator

5

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

...

On the rooftop of a building in the refugee settlement, a rat is sniffing around for food in a piece of faded packaging.

The loud noise of the main gate opening sends the rat scurrying. It scuttles along a piece of thick cable into the building.

The cable is connected to a surveillance display, which is currently showing the opened main gate.

...In a house at a hidden location.

The wall is filled with different CCTV live feeds. Ange's group is captured by the camera angled towards the settlement entrance.

Operator A: Our target is here!

Station Chief: Right on time. Our intel is accurate.

Operator B: Those four around her are Dolls, right?

Station Chief: Our informant has confirmed that. They are the main impediment that hinders Pigeon's operation.

Station Chief: Still, we'll just follow the plan and lure them into our trap, step by step.

Operator A: I didn't expect we'd be officially authorized to deploy the local police.

Station Chief: Our comrades are everywhere!

Station Chief: Victory will be ours! Once this is settled, it will be just a matter of time.

Operator A: The target is heading towards the predicted location.

Station Chief: Slowly does it...

Station Chief: Send the agents to test the waters. Let the game of cat-and-mouse begin.

...

Somewhere in the refugee settlement.

A man is putting on a coat with the help of an attendant. When that's done, he starts adjusting his lapel.

The sun shines through the filthy glass window onto his large and fleshy figure.

Attendant: Herr Powell, should we check in with "them"?

Powell: We aren't on such good terms that they would share information with us voluntarily. I'm just a tool that has some use to them for now—I know that very well.

Powell: Besides, the "rats" are here, aren't they? That's all we need to know.

Attendant: Right...

Powell: Have we got everyone?

Attendant: Yes.

Attendant: As per your instructions, they are all trustworthy candidates that we've cultivated.

Attendant: With their numbers, they should be able to contend with the enemies for a short while.

Attendant: But will you be able to convince them?

Powell: What i'm about to tell them is what they're intimately familiar with; what they want to hear the most.

Powell: (Sighs) None of this should have come to pass. I once had so much faith in Germany.

Powell: I was certain that they would let me continue my operations in the refugee settlement as a philanthropist.

Powell: But now everything has changed and no one would stand up for me...

Powell: Now, we're on our own.

Powell clears his throat and walks through the door.

He is now in a spacious indoor space where a large number of refugees have congregated.

These people used to be police officers or firefighters in the neighboring regions. Some are even veterans who were quickly forgotten after the war.

But no matter their identity, they all bear signs of severe silification. Their faces are all contorted with pain and malnourishment, giving them a ghastly appearance.

At the sight of Powell, all conversations cease and the room becomes eerily silent.

Powell: ...

Powell: My friends, they are extending their corrupt grasp into our home.

Powell: They have already built this looming wall to suppress our freedom, and everything has taken a turn for the worse.

Powell: This isn't how the world used to be. Our home is being exploited, ravaged, razed to the ground, and reduced to rubble.

Powell: But we did nothing to deserve this! What crime have the sick and infirmed committed? What about the children who had the misfortune of being born in a fetid garbage dump?

Powell: And yet, here they come, laying siege on us in our direst moment of need, trying to snuff out our last bit of hope.

Powell: Do we bow our heads and pliantly accept the torment that they are inflicting?!

Refugees: NO! NEVER!

Refugees: THIS IS OUR HOME!

Powell: That's right. This is the only home we have left.

Powell: I visited Hannah on North Street this morning and brought her something to eat.

Powell: She was so weak and frail, but with her dying breath, she was still calling out to her child, who was shot dead by the turrets on the wall.

Powell: We all know who is really responsible for murdering this child and his poor mother.

Refugees: DAMN BREMEN!

Refugees: THEY'VE NEVER TREATED US AS HUMANS!

Refugees: BLOOD FOR BLOOD!

Powell: Exactly! Blood for blood!

Powell: They have finally shown their true colors. They are forcing our hand by taking away our most basic right to live.

Powell: We are not to blame; they have brought this upon themselves. Since they don't treat us like people, they should not be surprised if they find themselves dealing with vengeful beasts instead.

Powell: We will no longer submit to their oppression. It is time we let them know that we intend to fight for our lives.

Powell: Smash their hubris and retake our dignity!

The refugees pump their fists and cheer. Their cries resound throughout the chapel in the church, almost breaking through the ceiling and reaching the heavens.

Morridow: What an idiot...

Morridow mutters under her breath as she stares out the window.

Hopps: Pardon?

Morridow: Oh, sorry. I was just kicking myself for what I said on the phone.

Hopps: You mean your call with Chairwoman Ulrich?

Morridow: ...Yes.

Morridow: Maybe I'm being naïve, but is it always impossible to salvage a situation?

Hopps: Your question is very naïve in and of itself.

Morridow: Really?

Morridow: What are your thoughts on the matter?

Hopps: The way I see it, there are three ways of perceiving the world.

Morridow: What do you mean?

Hopps: The first way is through others' description. If people say the world is a good place, we believe that.

Hopps: The second way is through our own personal experience. We discover that there is darkness in the world, darkness that can taint people's souls.

Hopps: The third way...is through things that are inflicted upon us. Pain that we are forced to suffer even if we try to avoid it.

Hopps: Most people adopt the second way. They still believe that the world will change even if they encounter hardships.

Hopps: But the real world never changes. It may present itself differently to you, but it is essentially always the same world.

Morridow: ...I disagree.

Hopps: As Chairwoman Ulrich's personal secretary, your naïvety will only cause you regret.

Morridow: I believe that's just the conclusion you've drawn from your experience in the war. Everyone thinks differently.

Angelia: Having a little chat?

Angelia: Morridow, what's the situation?

Morridow: Oh, right!

Morridow: The chairwoman has already dispatched a helicopter. It'll be here in about half an hour.

Angelia: That can't be the only thing she said.

Angelia: It doesn't take that long to talk about sending a helicopter.

Morridow: Uh...

Morridow: Frau Ulrich also mentioned that someone would like to remind us not to go overboard as this could jeopardize...

Angelia: A lot of people's interests, yeah?

Angelia: There's no end to all this politicking no matter which country I'm in.

Angelia: In times like this, only those with an iron will and stalwart strength can find their way out of plight.

Angelia: Does your Madam Chairwoman possess these qualities?

Morridow: I don't know...

Morridow: Perhaps you should ask her yourself. Frau Ulrich asked to speak with you in person again after this.

Angelia: That's assuming I survive.

Angelia: And stay away from the windows. J and I have found some information that Ulrich will find useful.

Angelia: Document them digitally and send her a copy.

Morridow: Okay!

Gazing at Ange's back, Morridow gives her handbag a thoughtful pat. The loaded magazines are still lying quietly in there.

Hopps: You heard her?

Morridow: Humph. Will you abandon Ange in an emergency?

Morridow: If perceiving the world using the third way is what makes a person worldly, what will you do?

Hopps: ...

Hopps: I will make sure nothing threatens the pain that I inflict.
Part 6: Delta Attack - End

    6chevron_right

...Zone B, Refugee Settlement.

Morridow: (Inhales and gags)

Morridow: Oof, this room stinks. I thought this organization was as "cheery" as it advertised itself, but...

J: I didn't take you for the type who'd fall for marketing ploys.

Morridow: I know it's all about marketing, but the least they could do is keep up a certain level of appearances. I didn't expect such a large difference.

Angelia: There are two sides to everything. This is also true about people.

Hopps: ...

J: The HR records here are intriguing. What do you make of this?

J: Some refugees have found employment in the White Zone—all floriculturists. There are about 1,400 of them, and all of them are working for that botanical institute you investigated.

Morridow: Huh? Surely the Flora Institute doesn't have that many vacancies?!

Angelia: This is confirmed in the ledger, and coincidentally, Powell is also the one who signed these receipts.

Angelia: This place has ties with both the orphanage and the botanical research institute.

J: So the GIP is really working with Paradeus?

Angelia: Most definitely, but we need more incontestable evidence.

Angelia: It wouldn't mean a thing to those bastards even if Ulrich threw what we've found at their faces.

Angelia: Lucia, how are things out there?

AK-12: There are more and more refugees surrounding the church.

AK-12: There are also people who don't look like refugees hidden in the crowd.

Angelia: We can't stay here for long.

Angelia: Renate, report.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Renate?

Ange attempts to establish contact with RPK-16, but before the call can connect, a thunderous explosion erupts in Zone A.

Hopps immediately moves Ange behind him, but Ange steps around him and stares outside the window in silence.

More refugees have taken to the disordered streets due to the noise and tremor of the explosion.

Morridow: What was that?!

Hopps: The enemy must be on the move.

AN-94: Ange, there was an explosion of unknown origin in Zone A. The refugees are getting agitated. This is bad.

Angelia: That must've been a signal. Someone is about to get serious.

AN-94: We can't get in touch with Renate or AK-15.

AN-94: Ange, their comms are offline.

AK-12: Is it because of the explosion?

Just then, the "silence" is shattered by the klaxons that are blaring throughout the settlement.

J: Good God, what is it this time?!

(Beep)

Hopps: Speaking. What? Then what should we do?

Hopps: ...Understood. We'll think of something.

Angelia: What's wrong?

Hopps: The garrison guarding the gates are sustaining casualties...

Hopps: Someone has activated the turrets along the wall. Those things are now firing indiscriminately.

Morridow: What?! Then...what about the refugees?!

Hopps: ...They will prevent anything from passing through the gates alive—us, the refugees, or even just a rat...

Angelia: Looks like someone is trying to start a riot. It's easier for them to act when everyone is distracted by the chaos.

Angelia: Yeah, even our escape route is no-go.

Angelia: Our only hope of getting out of here is that helicopter.

J: Isn't this supposed to be a disastrous situation?

J: Somehow you said that in the same tone as how someone would say, "oh drat, there's only bread for breakfast today."

Angelia: It's kinda like that, actually.

Angelia: Lucia, can you join us?

AK-12: I can jump in through the roof.

AK-12 leans out of the window but AN-94, sensing something wrong in the distance, immediately pulls her back inside.

Bullets smash the window to bits. The two Dolls switch positions and try to locate the shooter.

AK-12: Ange, someone's firing at us!

AK-12: Can you see them from where you are?

Angelia: I heard it. Holy crap, what the heck are those?

A row of automatons are advancing on the church with riot shields and submachine guns, muzzles flashing menacingly.

The surrounding refugees scatter in panic but a lot of them are shot.

Hopps: The garrison's anti-riot automatons. Have they also been hacked?

Angelia: Not necessarily.

J: Our pistols won't even leave a dent on them.

J: They're closing in fast!

Angelia: Lucia, can you hack them?

AK-12: I've tried, but they can't be accessed remotely at all.

AK-12: All their ports are closed.

Angelia: They know us and they came prepared.

Angelia: You have permission to use your weapons. Link up with us once you destroy those automatons.

Angelia: We'll be leaving soon.

AK-12: Acknowledged.

AK-12: Antje, get out our rifles and prepare to move.

AN-94: Right.

AN-94: We don't have much ammo with us so we need to make every shot count.

AK-12 takes a second to observe the situation. Under such intense enemy fire, it's impossible to reach the church by jumping across rooftops.

She and AN-94 promptly return to ground level. A few of the anti-riot automatons are charging straight toward the church. The two Dolls take out the closest ones from around the corner.

With the most imminent threats neutralized, AK-12 reloads and makes for the church while keeping her body close to the ground.

The automatons start shifting their attention to AN-94, who proceeds to switch positions and lay down suppressive fire. Meanwhile, AK-12 dives next to a refugee's corpse, using it as a meat shield while returning fire at the enemies.

AK-12: They're pretty slow. This won't be too difficult.

AN-94: Lucia, watch out!

The anti-riot automaton that got shot down in front of AK-12 suddenly blows up.

Understanding the dreadful implication, she scrambles quickly to her feet and dashes towards the church.

94 also makes a run for it under the cover of the billowing smoke. They both reach the perimeter of the church with lightning speed.

AK-12: Ange, get out of there!

AK-12: The automatons are rigged with explosives! This church can't withstand the impact!

Angelia: Shit! They must be insane. Everyone out the windows!! NOW!!

More exploding anti-riot automatons are trying to break into the church. AK-12 stops their approach with accurate shots.

But the explosions are getting dangerously close to this eighth-century church. The weathered stones and bricks are starting to shake.

Ange smashes one of the mosaic glass windows on the second floor and jumps out. The others promptly follow suit.

J: Where did they get this amount of explosives?!

J: What the hell are they trying to do?

Hopps: We can't stay here any longer! We should retreat to the wall!

Angelia: And get shot full of holes by those turrets?

Angelia: Follow me!

Angelia: Morridow, can you run?

Morridow: I...I suppose...

Angelia: When I give the word, run with all your might and do not stop!

Angelia: J, if she can't keep up, carry her.

J: Alright!

AK-12: Ange, go!

AK-12: We're almost out of ammo!

Angelia: We're leaving our backs to you!

Ange's group start running towards the residential area while the two Dolls cover their escape.

AN-94: ...We've got to go too.

AK-12: No, we need to stay just a little longer.

AN-94: But we're running dangerously low on ammo and those automatons are getting close.

AK-12: Trust me, trust Ange, and trust our stupid teammates.

AK-12: We have to make our stand here.

AN-94: ...

AN-94: Understood. I trust you.

AN-94: Enemy reinforcements incoming!

Anti-riot automatons are making a beeline for the church, but the DEFY Dolls shoot them down accurately one after the other.

AK-12: Tsk, I'm out of ammo.

AN-94: Lucia, straight ahead!

With only one Doll firing, one of the anti-riot automatons has made it to the entrance of the church. AN-94's final round hits it on a weak spot. It topples and slides along the muddy ground, stopping right next to a building.

The next second, the automaton erupts in a dazzling ball of fire. The impact causes the rickety building to collapse instantaneously.

When the smoke and dust finally settle, there is already no sign of AK-12 and AN-94.

...

In an abandoned house about 100 meters away, a person puts down their binoculars.

Unknown Personnel: Sir, two of the target's Tactical Dolls are confirmed to be KIA.

Distorted Voice: Acknowledged. The target's unit is down to four people, and we will encounter no further T-Doll intervention.

Unknown Personnel: Only four? What about the other two Dolls?

Distorted Voice: Unknown. Nobody has been in touch since the explosion in Zone A 15 minutes ago. We haven't heard from our recon unit or task force either.

Unknown Personnel: Did the Dolls wipe them out?

Unknown Personnel: But how is that possible? There are only two of them, and they're not armed with explosives. Don't tell me...

Unknown Personnel: Oh crap, it must be them. Those bastards are making their move.

Unknown Personnel: Is the ground unit ready to deploy?

Distorted Voice: Yes, all ready.

Unknown Personnel: Then tell them to get the fire burning. We've got work to do, brothers.

Distorted Voice: Understood. Do you have any instructions for Pigeon?

Unknown Personnel: No, Pigeon is free to use their discretion.

Meanwhile, in a room on the second floor of a building in Zone B that was formerly the Kunsthalle Bremen, a unit of masked and well-armed personnel are listening to this conversation.

Armed Operative: Your heard the man. Let's get to work.

Officer in Command: Finally, the foreplay is over. It's time we made our entrance.

Officer in Command: Since we're all showing our hand, don't blame me for not pulling my punches.

Officer in Command: These voodoo fanatics think they'll be bagging all the chips, but little do they know we still have an ace up our sleeve.

Officer in Command: Alright, listen up. I don't want any of them to leave the refugee settlement alive. Send them all to meet their beloved maker.

Armed Force: Yes, sir!

Ange's group move rapidly down the street while keeping their eyes on their surroundings.

Ange watches as wafts of black smoke billow into the sky. She knows what's producing them. Garbage and tires being burned. An omen of imminent pandemonium.

After looking left and right, Ange kicks open the door to a tall building and leads the others inside.

From the window upstairs, she can see that a massive crowd has been gathering. Dreadful howls fill the air.

Another explosion erupts in the distance. Morridow stares at Ange hesitantly.

There are questions she is burning to ask, but somehow she can't bring herself to voice them as she studies Ange's calm features.

J: The refugees are already on the verge of a riot in a matter of minutes.

J: The GIP aren't the only ones that have infiltrated the settlement. It looks like even Powell himself has been stirring the pot here. He must be far more influential than we thought.

Hopps: They rile up the refugees and start a riot; we conveniently "go missing" in the midst of this chaos and won't cause any more trouble.

Hopps: Did you expect this to happen, Frau Ange?

Angelia: Their plan isn't all that surprising. Actually, it's so logical it's almost unnerving.

Angelia: It's true that I didn't expect them to go to such great lengths just to eliminate us, but it's not over for us yet.

Angelia: We may still be able to capture Powell.

Hopps: Are you out of your mind?!

Hopps: How are we supposed to catch that bastard when all hell has broken loose out there?!

Hopps: We should find a safe location and wait for the helicopter to extract us!

Angelia: My Dolls have sent me Powell's last-known coordinates.

Angelia: I'm not leaving until I have him. If you're scared of the mess outside, stay here and keep Morridow safe.

Morridow: Huh?! Do we have to stay here?

Morridow: I'd rather go with Ange!

Hopps: Are you all insane?!

Hopps: I can't keep all of you safe out there without any extra help!

J: Don't worry, I will also guard the ladies with my life~

Angelia: With K being the only exception, do all German guys talk like idiots?

Angelia: Still, even though you're cringy as hell, I do appreciate the support.

Angelia: Well, Hopps? You can stay here by yourself if that's what you want.

Hopps: Tsk...!

Hopps: Fine, but we'd better hurry!

Hopps: Do you know where to find Powell?

Angelia: I'll manage.

Angelia: But hold on a sec. Something doesn't look right down there.

Morridow: The weird howling is getting closer...

Morridow: It sounds really scary...

Ange looks out of the window again.

Amid the rising black smoke and surging crowds, she catches sight of creatures that don't exactly look human.

Angelia: I knew you'd be here.

Angelia: It's time I dragged you out of your hidey hole...William.

...

Angelia: It took me two minutes...

Angelia: ...to regain consciousness.

Angelia: Then another ten minutes...

Angelia: ...writhing on the ground, getting back up, finding that damn box.

Angelia: It's silent, just like so many others who will never be heard from again.

Angelia: My leg hurts, yet all I can do is attempt some sort of first aid by wrapping my leg with my undone neckerchief.

Angelia: After that, I spend another minute...

Angelia: ...Pondering.

Angelia:

Angelia: ...Wondering if I'm still alive, or have already died.

Angelia: Finally, another ten seconds to come to the conclusion that...

Angelia: I'm still alive, but not for long.

...On the rooftop of a certain building in the refugee settlement.

Angelia: ...

Morridow: Ange...

Morridow: Is it really okay to leave her alone, all spaced out like that?

J: Give her some time to pull herself together.

Hopps: She's looking rather pale. Is she frightened by what we just saw...?

J: I think she's just lost in her own thoughts. Still, as gentlemen, we shouldn't pry too much into a lady's secrets.

J: Don't you agree, big guy?

Hopps: ...

Morridow: Oh, don't remind me... I'm trying very hard not to think about that...

...Several minutes ago.

Ange's group leapt from rooftop to rooftop, trying to evade the refugees rioting below them.

Morridow suddenly stopped in her tracks, as if she's found something.

Angelia: What's wrong? I told you not to stop.

Morridow: ...What's that?

Looking at where Morridow is pointing, Ange sees a pile of corpses in a dark corner.

One of the bodies stood out from the rest.

J: Is he under the influence of some kind of hallucinogen?

Hopps: No hallucinogen could cause this much damage. It almost looks like...

Angelia: ...An ELID mutant.

The corpse is dressed in rags like other refugees, the body ravaged by severe silicification. There's even some sort of crystal like object sticking out of its joints. There is also a huge gaping wound on the midsection of the monster, likely the only effective damage caused by explosives from its desperate victim. Its silificated skin is littered with a plenthora of scratches, bullet holes, lacerations...all signs of desperate struggle from its victim. Other than these corpses dressed in refugee rags, all kinds of weapons are also scattered on the ground. On the hands of one corpse, a radio still blinked brightly. It's clear these were those who were following Ange before.

The mutant continues to twitch, trying to free itself from the pile of bodies its entangled in.

From this distance, Ange couldn't tell if the other bodies are actually dead. What she was more bothered by is the yellow dust that drifted around the pile of bodies, and the scattered piles of yellow powder on the ground near them.

Angelia: It's not easy for an infected to turn into a mutant. Someone must be catalyzing the process.

Angelia: There are many in the settlement who suffer from ELID. If they all end up mutating, it'll be a lot scarier than a bunch of anti-riot dolls.

Morridow: Is the GIP so determined to kill us that they would resort to such extreme measures?

Angelia: This might not be the GIP's doing. On the contrary, someone could be sabotaging them.

Morridow: Sabotage? To...help us?

Angelia: I doubt it.

Angelia: Besides, would you really want help from someone who's capable of such atrocities?

J: Yo, you ain't lookin so hot, big fella.

J: Are mutants that scary to you?

Hopps: Shut up. I'm trying to think of a way to get us out of this mess. Ange, Judging from current circumstances, we should immediately move to a place with fewer refugees.

Hopps: The entrance has sturdier buildings, we should head that way.

Angelia: Did you forget about those anti-riot dolls that are chasing us?

Hopps: Where are your Dolls?

Angelia: Kicked the bucket, all of them. We're on our own.

Hopps: And you still haven't changed your mind about capturing Powell?

Angelia: That is correct.

Hopps: Then at least tell us your plan.

Hopps: Jumping across rooftops without knowing where we're going is hardly conducive.

Angelia: We're going to Powell's last-known coordinates, which Renate managed to send to me before her signal went dark.

Angelia: The stone structure just across the square should be the headquarters of the Bremen Refugee Support Center.

Angelia: To instigate such a large-scale riot, they must have a control center.

Angelia: That building has a good view over the entire settlement and is structurally secure—a perfect stronghold that would suit Powell's needs.

Hopps: You said it yourself, it's a perfect stronghold. With just the four of us...

J: Wipe that blood off your nose, big man. We're only discussing our next move, don't get so worked up!

Hopps: Huh? What?

Angelia: Your nose is bleeding too, J. Got any tissues, Morridow?

Ange gives the tissues that Morridow found in her bag to J and Hopps. She also takes one to wipe at her own bloody nose before tossing it away.

Hopps: Why are we getting nosebleeds?

Angelia: The wind's blowing the pollen up here. We need to get out of here.

Morridow: Pollen...?

Morridow: Like that time at the Flora Institute...?

J: More refugees are heading this way! They're coming straight for us!

Refugee: HERE, THE INTRUDERS!!!

Refugee: SEIZE THEM!!! AAAARGHHH!!!!

Angelia: The refugees have gone mad after inhaling the pollen. We need to shake them off.

Angelia: If there's no other option, then shoot them.

...Meanwhile, down in the streets, which are engulfed in chaos.

Powell: Hahahaha! Let them raise hell! Turn the entire settlement upside down!

Refugee?: Herr Powell, we have relayed your instructions.

Powell: Good. Now we just have to hunker down and wait for the storm to blow over.

Refugee?: Looks like things will finally quiet down in the coming days.

Powell: No, no, no, we can't let down our guard just yet.

Refugee?: Why? Other than those trapped lapdogs, who else would be a threat to you?

Powell: Don't get too cocky. We're just trying to make a living here.

Powell: Lots of people are still capable of snuffing us out. Being cocky is not the reason why I've survived for so long.

Powell: Those bastards from the GIP think they can just toss me aside when I'm no longer useful to them... After we're done with the PECMAR investigators, we must wipe them out as well!

Powell: We need more carnage! More destruction!

Powell: Empty our arsenal and arm all our brothers!

Refugee?: Understood! I'll go distribute weapons right away!

It did not take long for a large crowd to fill up the narrow streets.

Powell turns around and upon seeing his pursuers trapped by the mob, he lets out a victorious grin.
Part 2

2

...Somewhere in the refugee settlement.

Special explosives are being passed among people dressed in rags.

Refugee A: All supplies have been distributed. Mr. Powell has given the order!

Refugee B: Great! Kill anyone who isnt one of us! We've lived under their oppression for far too long! Today, we'll give those Krauts what they deserve!

Refugee C: Yes!!

Refugee C: I've been waiting for this!!

Refugee B: Come with me!

Refugee B: Spare no one!!

...Elsewhere in the refugee settlement.

???: Our advance unit got wiped out.

???: We've already failed once, we must not fail a second time.

???: Understood!

???: We all know what's at stake. If we fail to capture our target, all the sacrifices we have made will be for nothing.

???: So hold nothing back. Failure is not an option.

???: Yes, sir!

???: Let's go!

...Ange's group is en route to capturing Powell.

Her finger slides over the crisscrossing alleyways on the map.

Angelia: There are no more buildings ahead. We have to get back down onto ground level.

Hopps: Do you have a route planned?

Angelia: I like playing things by ear.

Hopps: ...You don't have to trust me.

Hopps: But you don't have be so suspicious either. I'm just trying to help.

Angelia: I'm not. The refugees' movements are erratic, so we can only adjust our route on the fly.

Angelia: Check your ammo, we're definitely going to get into some firefights.

Hopps: I still have four mags and an extra box of cartridges.

Hopps: But ammo reserve aside, there's no way we can fight so many insurgents with just our pistols. How many times do I have to explain this to you?

J: I also have four mags. Didn't know you're so bossy, Hopps. Thinking about jumping ship?

Hopps: ...I just want to drag us back to shore before we have the chance to drown.

Hopps: No intel, no plan, no reinforcements. No matter how you cut it, this is suicide.

Angelia: Stop complaining and keep up.

Angelia: Be quiet. Get ready to go inside the house.

Morridow: W-What's going on...?

A group of armed refugees are charging this way ferociously from across the street.

They're looking about as if searching for something.

Refugee A: They're gone...

Refugee B: Impossible. They've got to be nearby. They must be hiding in the ruins.

Refugee B: Find them!

J: How do they know where we are?

Angelia: Its not hard, we stick out like sore thumbs.

Angelia: Let's take a detour through the alley before moving to this area.

Hopps: How do you know we won't run into any refugees this way?

Angelia: I don't, but I do know that if we don't go now, the refugees in that building over there will happily skin us alive.

Hopps: !!!

Morridow: Where are they?!

J: Just go!

Refugee A: They're running! Don't let them get away!

Refugee B: Catch them!!!

Refugee C: Go!!!

As the refugees come charging at them, the group of four spare no time and take off immediately.

Hopps: We should go south! The terrain is more varied there; I'm confident we can shake them off!

Angelia: No, we keep going west!

Hopps: Are you...

Hopps: Are you joking? The refugees are coming from the west.

Ange ignores him and runs straight into an alley leading to the west.

Hopps has no choice but to follow.

Morridow: Hopps...

Morridow: Ange probably thinks that since the refugees are coming from this direction, we can be certain Powell is indeed at the Refugee Support Center HQ.

Hopps: She's only concerned about capturing Powell. She doesn't give a damn about us!

J: Quit whining, focus on running instead.

Bangbangbang!

A series of gunshots go off behind them.

Morridow: Aaaaah!

J: Don't be afraid! I'll cover you from behind!

Angelia: Don't stop! Keep heading west! The enemies are exchanging fire with each other!

Refugee A: They're here!

Refugee B: Bro, we've got coppers! The damn coppers are behind us! Argh!

Refugee C: Oh, for God's sake!

Refugee C: We'll stay and hold them back! You go after those bastards!

Shots keep being fired to the south of the crossroads. Just as Ange's group think they have shaken off their pursuers...

More refugees come charging at them from the alley ahead.

Refugee A: There they are!

Refugee B: Kill them!

J: Are we covered in homing beacons or something?!

Angelia: Dammit, there are too many refugees in the settlement.

Hopps: If we had gone south as I suggested, we'd be safe by now.

J: How do you know we won't be ambushed in the south?

Morridow: Ange... Maybe we can head south first to shake off the refugees?

Angelia: No, we are not turning back!

Hopps: ...

J: Are you thinking what I'm thinking?

Angelia: Our enemies are busy shooting each other behind us. We can draw the people coming from the west over there. They want chaos? We'll stoke the fire.

Hopps: And how are you planning to get out of the fire yourself?

Angelia: I'll leave that to your expertise.

Angelia: The more out of hand the situation gets, the more opportunities we have.

Hopps: ...This is crazy.

Morridow: Hopps, show Ange some faith.

Hopps: Do I even have a choice? I wish I could be as optimistic as you.

Morridow: ...It can't be helped. I don't want to imagine what the refugees would do if they got their hands on us.

Morridow: Right now we need to work together as a team. Let's catch up with Ange!

Bangbangbang!

Using their limited supply of ammo, the group of four sprint towards the chaotic firefight.

Unknown Personnel: Chief, requesting precise coordinates. Requesting precise coordinates. The crossfire is getting out of hand. We require precise coordinates.

Other End of the Comms: ...

Unknown Personnel: Dammit, I can't get in touch with the chief. These refugees are bad news. We're taking too many casualties. At this rate, we're going to lose our target.

Armed Operative: Forget about the refugees and avoid contact. Our field unit just reported back. We've found Sparrow. Now it's only a matter of time until the Pigeon comes for it.

Unknown Personnel: Splendid! Make it so.

...On the other side of the refugee settlement, a few people are observing the crossfire from an abandoned building.

Attendant: Mr. Powell, the rats have fled.

Powell: Those German imbeciles. They're the first to run when it truly matters.

Refugee A: Mr. Powell? Mr. Powell! ...Where are you?

Refugee A: I've got news!

Powell: What is it?

Refugee A: Sorry, we've lost her.

Refugee A: The bitch took off like the wind in the melee.

Powell: Doesn't matter. This is our turf, she can't hide for long.

Powell: ...Hold on, how did you get in here? What about my guards outside?

Refugee A: Guards? What guards?

Refugee A: I didn't see anyone when I came in.

Attendant: Oh no, Mr. Powell. You've got to...

Powell: Yes, I know.

Powell: You! Take a few men and set up defenses here. Have some of your friends inspect this block.

Powell: Open fire if they see anyone suspicious!

Refugee A: Yes, Mr. Powell!

Powell: ...Let's go. It's a bad idea to stay here any longer.

Powell: These rats sure have sharp teeth.

Powell promptly leaves through the window under the protection of his entourage.

15 minutes later, in the same room.

Three armed agents decked in high-quality gear interrogate the last survivor in the building with a picana connected to a car battery.

Armed Agent A: Where did the fatso go? Say it!

Refugee A: (Spits) Damn cop... AAAARGHHH!!!

Armed Agent B: Vice-cap, the block has been cleared out. Just a bunch of goons, no sign of Sparrow.

Armed Agent A: Got it. Notify the local teams to scout Zone C3.

Armed Agent A: Have Team A head north and get Team B to catch up with Pigeon. He shouldn't have gone too far.

Armed Agent A: He is bound to mess up if we keep up the pressure. They're not pros.

Armed Agent B: Roger! And what do we do with this guy?

The leader unholsters his pistol and shoots the refugee still being electrocuted in the thigh.

Refugee A: GAAHHHH!!!

Armed Agent A: I'll pry the information out of him. Any more questions?

Armed Agent B: No, sir!

Armed Agent A: Then carry on with your orders.

Armed Agent B: Yes, sir!
Part 3

3

...The group zigzags through the network of alleyways in the refugee settlement.

They are still being pursued.

Bangbangbang!

Morridow looks back in fright. A stray bullet grazes her leg in the split second when she hesitates.

Morridow: Aaah!

J: Morridow!

She crashes heavily onto the ground and the refugees close behind are rearing to pounce on her.

Refugee: We'll see how far you can run, little bitch!

J: Ange, cover me!

Angelia: Got it!

J: Get on!

J hurriedly grabs a wine bottle lying on the street and smashes it into one of the refugees' face, then he picks up Morridow and runs back to the others.

His brutal attack causes the other refugees to pause, but they soon remember their objective.

Angelia: Quick!

With Morridow in his arms, J catches up with the group under Ange's cover fire.

J: Phew... That was close.

Morridow: Thanks, J...

Angelia: And here I thought you were all talk. Turns out you've actually got some moves.

J: I've never lost a bar fight, you know.

Hopps: Ange, do you still have ammo? Also—

J: Wait, let me give you Morridow first. I've still got some ammo.

Ange takes Morridow from J and hoists her up her back.

Angelia: Good. I only have one last mag.

Angelia: J, you and Hopps are to give us cover.

Angelia: And what was it you were going to ask?

Hopps: Ange, are you certain your objective remains unchanged?

Angelia: Positive.

Hopps: Alright then. We're just a block away from the support center.

Hopps: We need to be on our guard.

Angelia: Of course.

Meanwhile, in a corner in the next block.

Armed Agent B: All teams, buckle up. Sparrow is heading towards Zone B. I repeat—Sparrow is heading towards Zone B.

Unknown Personnel: Acknowledged. Command finally got in touch. The cage is go. Repeat—the cage is go.

Armed Agent B: Understood. Please give us the location.

...

...On the other side of the refugee settlement.

Attendant: Mr. Powell, this way! Please hurry!

Powell: How many men do we have left?

Attendant: Only 6 of your guards remain.

Powell: What about in other zones?

Attendant: They're trying to get here as fast as they can, but they got held up. The comms just went down—enemy interference, probably.

Attendant: What do we do?

Powell: They're going all out, eh? We're going back.

Attendant: Pardon? Sorry, what was that again?

Powell: We're heading back to the support center. Can't be helped. We'll have to use that again.

Attendant: But what about the higher-ups?

Powell: They'll understand. They don't really have any other choice.

Attendant: Understood.
Part 4

4

...Zone B, Refugee Settlement.

Refugee A: Any word?!

Refugee B: No, the connection keeps failing...

Refugee A: But the signal isn't down...

Refugee B: Has...has Mr. Powell left us behind?

Refugee A: The mission failed all because of our incompetence...

Just then, the sound of rapid footsteps can be heard from above.

Refugee A: What?! Are they here already?!

Refugee B: Hush... Run!

???: Confirmed. Commencing clean-up.

Bangbangbang!

Refugee A: Ugh...

Refugee A: Are we...finally free...?

???: Yep, congratulations, trash. You're free.

Bang!

...In an alley inside the refugee settlement.

The feeble gunfire is utterly futile against the massive wave that comes crashing in.

The enemies are elusive, but there's no doubt about it—danger is stalking Powell and his followers.

Attendant: Mr. Powell, watch out— ARGH!

Powell's right-hand man jumps in front of him and is shot by a bullet that has seemingly come out of nowhere.

However, there is no time for Powell to grieve. He stumbles along and finally reaches the refugee support center branch located in the Bremen Ratskeller.

By then, only two of his guards are still with him.

???: Surrender, Herr Powell.

His hunters call out to him outside the ratskeller.

They are being surrounded.

???: I don't know what you have hiding in here, Herr Powell, but you're finished. There is nowhere to run, so how about you all just lay down your weapons. It's game over.

???: I really wish I don't have to kill you. After all, we're still friends.

Powell: Friends? As long as I'm still useful to you, you mean.

???: That's a bit blunt, but yes, you can think of it that way.

???: You know, things would not have gotten so ugly if you had just played nice.

Powell: You forced my hand!

Powell: If I'm to be a sacrificial pawn, then I'm bringing you down with me!

???: Save your breath and spare me this nonsense.

???: I'm coming down. Keep your lackeys on a tight leash. If anybody shoots, I'll have to resort to hand grenades.

Bodyguard: What now, Mr. Powell?

Powell's bodyguards eye him questioningly. He says nothing as he stares at the only entrance to the ratskeller.

Powell: Are you willing to die for the freedom that we seek?

He asks his followers quietly.

Bodyguard: Of course. We wouldn't be alive if it hadn't been for you.

Powell: Then put down your weapons.

Bodyguard: What?!

Powell: Trust me.

A group of well-armed operatives walk down the stairs. Powell recognizes the leader even through the mask.

Powell: My men didn't die in vain. I wasn't expecting you to come, Lieutenant Butler.

Powell: An officer of the mighty garrison coming after me in person... Why degrade yourself like that?

Armed Operative: Looks like you haven't done your homework. We've already implied who's in the main cast here.

Powell: I don't have time for your riddles. What do you want?

Armed Operative: You know exactly what I want. What we all want. Your ledger.

Powell: You want to destroy the evidence of our partnership?

Powell: ...How do I know you won't kill me after I give it to you?

Armed Operative: You don't, but you don't have a choice either.

Armed Operative: Either you hand it over yourself or I search your dead body for it.

Powell: ...

Powell: ...

Powell: Fine, I suppose I'll just hand it over.

Powell reaches into his breast pocket and retrieves an item.

He raises an arm and bellows.

Powell: FIRE!

His two bodyguards raise their weapons immediately.

Bangbangbang!

But they are just a little too slow. The two men are shot full of holes in an instant.

However, this has given Powell the opportunity to throw something onto the floor while covering his mouth and nose with his left hand.

Yellow smoke permeates the cellar in a matter of seconds.

Powell knows that a normal adult will not last longer than a minute in such concentrated smoke.

He simply has to get out before the pollen settles. He sprints towards the wall of the cellar.

Bang!

However, a bullet whisks through the smoke and penetrates his lower leg. He falls in pain and disbelief in front of a row of large wooden wine barrels that must have been centuries old.

The operatives, who are armed to the teeth, emerge from the smoke.

The leader lifts his infrared goggles and reveals that he's wearing an oxygen mask.

Armed Operative: You underestimate me. You really think I wouldn't be prepared against your worthless hallucinogen?

Armed Operative: You think too little of the armed forces, Powell.

Armed Operative: Maybe I should take off your gas mask and let you have a taste of your own medicine.

Powell: You treacherous Krauts!

Armed Operative: Now, now, no reason to be vicious. We both know we've only been taking advantage of each other.

Armed Operative: And that this mutually-beneficial relationship is bound to end someday.

Powell: So you really have no idea what this is.

Powell: But that doesn't matter anymore. It's people you want, right?

Powell: Then...why don't you look behind you?

Just then, a monstrous, blood-curdling growl comes from behind them. The armed unit turn around out of reflex and are greeted by a nightmarish sight.

The two men that were shot repeatedly—that should have been lying on the floor—are now standing upright.

They aren't men anymore. They are monsters.

Their clothes are torn by the jagged crystalline clumps protruding from their joints, exposing skins that are covered in faded marks of silicification.

But the most frightening of all is the crystallization that is already occurring within the freshly inflicted bullet holes all over their bodies.

If experts on Relic technology were present, they would realize what the two men are turning into right away.

Zombies infected with Eurosky Low-Emission Infectious Disease, or simply known as ELIDs.

Armed Operative: Powell you son of a...!!!

The leader's exclamation is cut short because there is suddenly no sign of Powell anywhere inside the cellar.

They are the only ones who are still enclosed with the two monsters.

Meanwhile, in the Bremen Ratskeller.

The elevator goes up a level. This elevator hidden inside one of the gigantic medieval barrels is a secret known only to a few.

This secret has saved Powell once again.

Powell stumbles out of the elevator and leans painfully against the desk in the secret chamber.

Powell: Dammit, I still got hit.

Powell: I need to stop the bleeding...

???: Here, bandages.

Powell: Oh, thanks...

He starts sweating uncontrollably.

He turns around and finds someone sitting at the desk.

The woman who just offered him bandages is pointing a pistol straight at him.

Of course, he knows that she is Angelia.

Angelia: I've finally got you, Powell.

Angelia: We have a lot to talk about.

Powell: This is impossible. The entrance is locked!

Angelia: You're right, this is a safe house for visiting senior state officials.

Angelia: But I also happen to have with me a secretary who has participated in state visits in the past.

She gestures at the young woman standing behind her.

The young woman smirks in amusement.

Powell: ...You took advantage of our infighting... How did you slip past my brethren?

Angelia: Your brethren are pretty much all wiped out by the anti-riot dolls. You think a few guns would win you a war against a military force armed to the teeth?

Angelia: Though, your followers did manage to pin down those corrupt cops, so its still a win-win scenario for you.

Powell: You bitch!

Angelia: Whatever you say. Alright, we should take you somewhere nice before your nasty little war is over.

Angelia: J, tie him up.

Angelia: J? Didn't you hear me?

Hopps: I don't think he can hear you, Angelia.

Angelia: ...?!

Hopps emerges from the shadow.

He drags an unconscious J along and drops him onto the floor.

Hopps: He tried to put up a fight, as futile as it was.

Hopps: The same goes for you, you don't have much ammo left. Don't make things difficult and put down your gun.

Hopps: I don't wish to hurt a future collaborator but if you leave me no choice...

Morridow shuffles closer to Ange in fear. Ange falls silent for a moment before lowering her pistol.

Hopps: There's a good girl. Now cuff that fatty.

Ange takes out a pair of handcuffs and puts them around Powell's wrists. Then she knocks him off his feet with a casual kick.

Angelia: Finally dropping the act then, Mr. Nationalist?

Angelia: Our itinerary kept getting leaked; I knew we had a mole among us.

Morridow: Hopps!

Morridow: How could you?!

Hopps: Shut up, girl. The grown-ups are talking.

Hopps: That's right, it was me all along.

Hopps: You've suspected me since the start, haven't you?

Angelia: I'm suspicious of everyone.

Angelia: So tell me, why would a member of the GIP infiltrate PECMAR as a spy?

Hopps: Why? That hardly matters anymore, does it?

Angelia: Didn't you mention something about a future collaboration?

Angelia: Then at least show some sincerity.

Angelia: Tell me why. You're not doing it for the money. Your service record is immaculate and you have a bright future ahead of you. It's not out of vengeance either. You're one of the few federal soldiers who passed the political vetting process, and the Unity Party government has done nothing to wrong you.

Hopps: You've looked me up quite thoroughly.

Angelia: I want to know...

Angelia: How long do you think the GIP will endure when it becomes increasingly obvious that the Rossartrists are working together with the Neo-Soviet Union?

Hopps: ...

Angelia: Answer me, Wolfgang Hopps, former senior master sergeant of the Kommando Spezialkräfte.

Angelia: What exactly did I miss? Tell me why you believe the so-called future lies with a junk heap of a far-right nationalist party like the GIP.

Angelia: Forgive me for being blunt. After all, if we are to be collaborators, I need to think ahead.

Hopps: You've got guts. No wonder you're such a valuable asset.

Hopps: Alright, I'll answer your question. First of all, my name is not Hopps. I am Franz Schreck. I was indeed a platoon leader in the 2nd Commando Company of the KSK during the war, but what you Stasi don't know...

Hopps gives J, who is sprawled on the floor, a kick.

Hopps: ...is that I am also an intelligence officer at the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution. As for why I'm doing this... I'm doing this to restore my country to its full glory, of course!

Angelia: What, you want to resurrect the Third Reich?

Hopps: Hahahahaha!

Hopps: The GIP is just a useful signboard that attracts an endless supply of malcontent rats who make perfect fodder for us.

Hopps: The questions you should be asking are—how is it possible for us to infiltrate the protective security unit of the PECMAR chairwoman herself? Why is the Stasi unaware of my identity? How come we have the capability to wipe out the rioters in the settlement today?

Just then, the elevator to the hidden chamber chimes again. The doors open to reveal the armed unit.

All the operatives are wounded, but not too severely.

Armed Operative: Cap, you could've told us you're here already. We thought you'd lost control of the situation.

Hopps: What happened down there?

Armed Operative: We lost three of our men, but we eliminated the rioters.

Armed Operative: These bastards released some highly radioactive pollen; good thing none of us inhaled any, so we should be fine.

The leader steps roughly on Powell's leg wound as he says so.

Powell: (Groans)

Armed Operative: Shut up, Saukerl.

Hopps: Returning to the subject at hand, Frau Angelia, we lost the last war. We failed to defend German blood and soil, as well as this fragile Volksgemeinschaft. We lost to you.

Hopps: I concur that the victors are at liberty to deal with the losers however they want, so I have no complaint about that. However, I will never allow my country—a country that my comrades and I protected with our lives—to be handed over to a bunch of Rossartrist zealots who live in fantasy and those corpse-worshipping fanatics in the Yellow Zone.

Hopps: Many, many others share my sentiment. We have far more support than what you imagine.

Hopps: Guys, tell this devochka of the Neo-Soviet Union who we are.

All Armed Personnel: GSG 9 der Bundespolizei!

Angelia: ...

Hopps: Right, by now you must have a pretty good idea about our capability. It's my turn to ask questions

Hopps: Frau Angelia, what do you want?

Angelia: I want world peace. I want children to be spared from living in strife and fear.

Hopps: ...Quite the jokester you are, Frau Angelia.

Angelia: Life is hard in this line of work if one doesn't have a sense of humor.

Hopps: You're absolutely right. So can you tell me how you plan to achieve world peace?

Angelia: I'm a simple woman. I never risk my life for lofty aspirations.

Angelia: All I want right now is some decent money and a quiet life. It's hard having bloodsuckers on the payroll.

Hopps: I was expecting a higher price from someone like you.

Hopps: Money, freedom... These are all easy demands to meet, so easy they're almost dull.

Hopps: As long as you give us what we want, we will never let anyone lay a finger on you, not even the refugees.

Hopps: That's right, we're the ones actually in charge here.

Angelia: This is just a refugee settlement. Surely this is not all you have for show after that grand speech of yours?

Hopps: Certainly not, though the rest of the demonstration will have to take place at a safer location.

Hopps: So please come along, Frau Ange. I would not like to use violence against a future partner.

The armed operatives start edging closer to Ange.

Morridow: Ange...

Hopps: Oh, I almost forgot.

Hopps: Before we set off, we should eliminate the final witness.

Black muzzles are trained on Morridow.

Hopps: What a pity for the sweet and diligent secretary to meet her end under such unfortunate circumstances.

Hopps: But don't worry, I'll tell Chairwoman Ulrich of the "truth"...

Hopps: Auf Wiedersehen, Frau Morridow. It's been a pleasure working with you.

Morridow: N-No!

Morridow pleads weakly, but her eyes betray no fear at all.

She stares unblinkingly at Hopps, her body tense like a nocked arrow.

She holds her hand behind her back, as if waiting for her fate in resignation, but in fact, she is reaching for her lifeline—a movement that Ange recognizes immediately.

An idea flashes in Ange's mind.

Angelia: I have another request.

Hopps: You want me to spare her?

Angelia: Not that. You've heard the story, right? The one about a band formed by a rooster, a cat, a dog, and a donkey.

Angelia: I want a ticket to a concert given by the Town Musicians of Bremen.

Angelia: No, make that five tickets. I want to see it with my own band.

Hopps: This is hardly the time for jokes.

Angelia: What makes you think I'm joking?

BOOM!

At the sound of the mighty crash, the wall to the side is smashed to pieces. A tall figure steps through the hole and sends one of the armed operatives flying with a strong kick.

AK-15: Am I late?

Angelia: Please don't be late ever again. I'm not sure if I can come up with another stupid joke to buy time for you.

Hopps: How are you still alive?!

Angelia: I didn't find this place with just my gut feeling, dumbass!

Armed Operative: Captain, behind you!

Hopps: What?!

RPK-16: Today is such a beautiful day. The world is ablaze and humans have all turned into moths, fluttering among the flames.

Hopps: Another Doll?!

Hopps: Where did she come from?!

RPK-16: Maybe it is in a moth's nature to self-destruct?
Part 5

    5chevron_right

...Inside the church in the refugee settlement.

The place is littered with corpses, their once warm blood slowly growing cold.

Hopps is shoved onto the floor. He has only suffered some minor injuries, but his face is as pallid as that of a cold corpse.

Morridow: What sacrilege it is to kill on hallowed ground...

Morridow: But thank God you made it here in time.

Morridow: Thank you so much, Frau Renate and Frau Erwin.

AK-15: Don't thank me. It's all part of Ange's plan.

RPK-16: Mr. Hopps, what do you think of my knotting?

RPK-16: And Mr. Powell, nice to meet you. What, not even a handshake?

Hopps: ...

Powell: ...

Hopps glowers in silence while Powell has already passed out since the moment AK-15 broke through the wall.

Ange walks up to J and kneels down to check on him.

Angelia: J, wake up.

J: ...

RPK-16: Mr. J, if you keep playing dead, AK-15 will smash something again right next to you.

J: ...

RPK-16: Oh dear, he's actually out cold.

Angelia: His vital signs are stable though, so he'll live.

RPK-16: What terrible news.

Angelia: Indeed, but there are more not-so-terrible news.

Ange looks out the window. Sounds of the approaching police cars, ambulances, and armed helicopter grow clearer and clearer.

K: Ange, we'll be there in five minutes. How are things on your end?

Angelia: We've got Powell, and we've also exposed the GIP mole. It's Hopps.

Angelia: Nothing serious happened, though J has taken quite a beating.

K: Really?

K: Then stay where you are. Be there in three minutes.

The call ends.

Angelia: He's dying to see J looking like a lumpy ragdoll.

Morridow: Ange... About Hopps...

Angelia: Don't worry, I won't let Chairwoman Ulrich be implicated.

Angelia: We'll hand him over to K. His old prison life will probably be heaven compared to what he's about to go through.

Morridow: Uh... Isn't that a bit excessive?

Hopps: Enough with your false pity, hypocrites.

Morridow: What do you mean...?

Hopps: Don't you understand? Where were you in 2053?

Morridow: What are you talking about?

Hopps: What about 2058?

Angelia: I don't like it when people beat around the bush. What's your point?

Hopps: You want to know why I'm doing this?

Hopps: Take a proper look at this refugee settlement and you tell me why.

Hopps: The Volkskammer once told us to fight for our people, to fight for justice, so we sacrificed everything for the sake of this land, and in return, this is what we get in return! Germany has to exploit its own people to feed these refugees!

Hopps: Even the GIP, whose "endurance" you're so dubious of, pay more than the meager minimum wage set by the government! 7 Mark and 34 Pfennig is nothing!

Angelia: Tsk, so it is about money after all.

Angelia: But that's okay, at least you're more down-to-earth than an old friend of mine.

Angelia: Only those who are in touch with reality deserve sympathy.

Hopps: What do you know?!

Hopps: Veterans and elites in the armed forces can barely afford to put food on the table, while PECMAR is burning money to house this group of human swines!

Hopps: This is not why we've bled for this country!

Ange shakes her head and walks off, ignoring Hopps.

RPK-16: I thought you were going to continue this breath-wasting debate.

Angelia: The aforementioned old friend has taught me that it's impossible to change the minds of people like that.

Angelia: At least it's not something I can do. Perhaps the old geezer is better at this sort of stuff.

RPK-16: But wasn't he the one who dumped all this trouble onto you in the first place?

Angelia: At least I've learned that idiots are all alike after going through all this trouble.

Morridow puts down her communicator and walks up to Ange.

Morridow: Ange, I just got in touch with Chairwoman Ulrich.

Morridow: She has something very important to tell you, but she must do that in person.

Morridow: The aircraft you summoned is almost here. Let's travel directly to her office.

Angelia: Alright.

Angelia: Once we've wrapped things up here, I'll go see the chairwoman with you. We can give her a report of our investigations while we're at it.

...Somewhere.

???: We've failed.

???: They have Hopps...

???: Hopps is a tough guy. He won't tell them anything.

???: But what are we gonna do?

???: Get on the boat. First of all, we must survive. As long as we're alive, we haven't lost.

Under the intervention of multiple parties in Germany, the riot within the refugee settlement is soon snuffed out.

Hopps and Powell are taken away for further investigation while K arrives at the scene with reinforcements.

K: Ange, where's J?

Angelia: Aren't you going to at least ask about what happened?

K: Don't be ridiculous. Just tell me where he is.

Angelia: There, lying in the corner.

K immediately takes off running with the a team of paramedics in tow.

Morridow: Herr K must be very close with Herr J. That's why he's so concerned when he heard that Herr J is...

Before Morridow can finish, K emits a low chuckle as he towers over J.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: I've never heard Herr K laugh so happily...

Angelia: And I've never heard such sleazy laughter. Oh, Erwin?

AK-15: Yes, Ange.

Angelia: You and Renate go get yourselves patched up.

Angelia: We'll meet up at the safe house later.

AK-15: Roger.

Morridow: What about the other two Dolls?

Angelia: They're destroyed.

Angelia: But don't worry, they've left backups. We'll just activate their spare bodies once we're back at the safe house.

Angelia: Let's go talk to Chairwoman Ulrich first. There's a lot we need to fill her in.

Morridow: Right. The aircraft just landed. Perfect timing.

Angelia: Good. Where is it?

Morridow: At the square just outside the church.

Angelia: Got it.

J: Going so soon, Morridow?

Angelia: Up on your feet already?

J: Being the hopes and dreams of so many lovely ladies, I can't keel over just like that.

Angelia: (Rolls eyes)

Morridow: I was just about to check on you. Looks like that won't be necessary.

J: Oh, no, I'm actually feeling really lousy.

J: Still, I didn't know you cared so much about me.

Morridow: You're mistaken. I just wanted to drink in how battered you look after you got the living crap beaten out of you.

J: ...The prettier the girl, the better she lies.

Morridow: Teehee~

J: When this whole business is over, can I take you out for some coffee?

J: How does Arabica beans sound? I know a really good coffee place that makes those.

Morridow: Sure, I'm up for it.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: I seem to be...intruding on something here?

J: Oh, you're still here.

K: Stop hitting on girls, J! Go and lie down inside the ambulance!

J: Alright, alright.

J: We have a date then, Morridow!

Morridow: Right!

J: By the way, Ange.

Angelia: Yes?

J: You know what I'm talking about, right?

Angelia: I suppose? It's not about coffee, is it?

J: Hahaha, you got it! It is exactly about coffee. Make sure you remember, okay?

J: I have a feeling we'll meet again.

Angelia: Then your feeling is wrong.

J: Hahahaha!

J is carried away on a stretcher.

Morridow: I'll go and sort out the landing procedures for the aircraft. Wait for me here, okay?

Angelia: Sure.

K: Ange, a moment of your time.

...In a quiet corner.

Angelia: You've also noticed, haven't you?

K: Bremen feels like a trap laid beforehand.

K: They know about every step we take before we take it.

Angelia: The enemy is obviously hidden even more deeply than we imagined.

K: You mean Hopps?

Angelia: No, the GIP doesn't have that kind of influence. It must be something else.

Angelia: What happened here in the refugee settlement was way too complicated. It wouldn't have gotten so out of hand if they had been the only ones involved.

Angelia: I doubt they could manage anything bigger than this.

K: You're right. The GIP couldn't have planned everything since your investigation at the Flora Institute.

Angelia: Back at the institute, someone wiped all the data before we arrived.

Angelia: Whoever did it must have an extremely high-level security clearance. Even Leone knew nothing about it.

Angelia: At the end of the day, she was just another pawn.

K: We're trying our best to recover the data at the Flora Institute. Hopefully we'll be able to salvage some of them.

Angelia: What happened at the orphanage was very strange as well. According to the intelligence report, those children were being used as test subjects.

Angelia: But they don't appear to be abused or mistreated.

K: Guinea pigs that are well taken care of, huh...

Angelia: Powell might have been just one of their multiple channels of transporting children. They only hired a thug like him to cover up the full extent of their trafficking network.

Angelia: He operated as a representative of the GIP and handed the children over to Paradeus.

Angelia: All the transactions took place within the refugee settlement, making them impossible to trace.

Angelia: But even so, he's probably also unaware of Paradeus' inner workings.

Angelia: William's direct subordinate most likely hasn't shown their face at all; that's how well hidden they are.

Angelia: I believe even Hopps was completely kept in the dark.

Angelia: He might not even know about the arrangement between the housemother and Powell.

K: I will question Hopps myself later.

Angelia: Then there's this refugee settlement.

K: We noticed some strange powder on the road during previous recon missions. We've sent it to the labs but they haven't got back to us yet.

Ange hands K a spent casing she has picked up.

Angelia: I originally thought it was a dirty bomb with Collapse contaminant, but the ELIDs we encountered in the settlement were different.

Angelia: Now that I think about it, it could be related to the flowers at the Flora Institute.

K: ...

K: I'll investigate the origin of this shell.

Morridow: Ange! Ange!

Angelia: I'm here.

Morridow: The aircraft has landed.

Angelia: Okay, I'll be right there.

K: Go talk to Chairwoman Ulrich first.

Angelia: Yeah. Make sure my Dolls are all properly repaired.

Angelia: We'll have the answers once I meet the chairwoman.

...On the freighter.

Morridow: Sorry, Frau Ange. I know freighters aren't as comfortable as civil aircrafts...

Angelia: It's no big deal.

Morridow: Ange... May I catch a wink on your shoulder?

Angelia: Go ahead.

Morridow: Heheh, thanks!

Morridow: I did so much running today my bones feel like falling apart.

Angelia: Get some rest.

Ange pats Morridow gently on the head.

With a loud whir, the freighter takes off into the blue sky.

Morridow: It's been such a long day. I'm glad it's finally over...

Angelia: Indeed.

The refugee settlement is no longer within sight, but Ange can imagine what it looks like right now.

Under the setting sun, the blazing flames are doused; pillars of pale smoke rise, blending into the twilight.

If God really existed, He would probably find hope in the ruins.

Inside the Griffin base, the Café has finally returned to its usual hustle and bustle as more and more Dolls are revived.

The commotion-loving Dolls are gathered here, toasting each other happily to celebrate their rebirth.

Now that the last of the Sangvis plant investigation missions are over, the Dolls have dragged me to this crowded place.

After fooling around with them for a while, the Dolls finally lose interest in messing with me, and I can free myself to get a drink.

I look around at the venue and finally spot Kalina in a dimly-lit corner.

She looks completely exhausted. Clearly she must have spent many sleepless nights to get the Dolls back into normal working order.

I hesitate briefly, then head over to her, drink in hand.

I stand beside her and tilt my head, questioning. She looks up at me, then lowers her head once more.

Fortunately, she hasn't fled this time, so I take it as implicit permission to sit at the same table.

Commander: Still angry?

Kalina: Not really...

Commander: Then why aren't you having fun with the others?

Kalina: I'm scared that I won't be able to see something like this again, so I want to sit aside and just watch quietly.

Commander: ...For some reason, gloomy things like that sound strange coming from you.

Kalina: Hey, even I can feel down at times, you know!

Commander: So you're still mad, huh...

I take another look at Kalina, and I suddenly realize that in spite of all the battles she has experienced, she's still just a girl in her twenties.

I've always taken her strength and reliability as a given, and my taking her for granted, combined with my presumptuousness, must have been very hurtful.

Kalina is still rather huffy. She opens her mouth as if to speak, but changes her mind after a hesitant pause.

After some thought, I've come to the conclusion that since she got angry because of me, I should be the one to offer an olive branch.

Commander: It's been nearly a week. Have you decided what you're going to do yet?

Kalina's eyes darken at the question. She takes a sip out of her drink and redirects the question to me in a nonchalant tone.

Kalina: Have YOU decided what you're going to do, Commander?

Commander: Hm... Well, since the Dolls are all repaired...

Commander: Naturally, we ought to put them through a standard 24-day course of combat simulations.

Commander: We need to get our Dolls back into shape. I'm guessing you may need to spend a bit more time fine-tuning them.

Kalina: Oh... Wait, what?? So...you're not going to leave us?

Commander: I never ever said I would leave...

Kalina: R...Really?

Kalina: So you're really not going to quit your post?

Commander: I told you, didn't I? I threw that Green Zone ID pass into the trash on the first day. It's probably in pieces in the garbage disposal now.

Kalina: Yeah, I know that.

Kalina: But you never gave me a definite answer, and you told me to go off by myself...

Commander: I was kidding, of course. I'd have a really hard time if you actually left.

Commander: After all, I don't want to take all that logistics work onto myself.

Kalina: Really?

Kalina: You're not lying to me again, are you?

Commander: But I never lied to you in the first place...

Commander: If you don't believe me, you can search my body and see if that ID pass is still there.

Commander: And if that doesn't work for you, you can search my room too.

Commander: But right now, I'm not going anywhere.

Kalina: Com...Commander, you...you big jerk! I was so worried!

Kalina: Do you know what I've been going through this whole week?

Kalina: Not a day went by when I wasn't thinking about what I'd do if you suddenly decided to leave us!

Kalina: I was...worried sick...every day... (Sobs)

Commander: I...I'm sorry... At first I was just messing with you.

Commander: But I didn't expect you to give me the cold shoulder after that...

Kalina: That's because I WAS mad!

Kalina: I was thinking, "If you're going to suddenly vanish someday, then I should just keep my distance from you!"

Commander: I...I see... But then why...

Kalina: But I...I just couldn't do it!

Kalina: I was going to avoid you altogether, but I found myself in the Command Room each day before I realized it!

Commander: I...I'm so sorry...

Commander: How about this... Wait, let me think... Ah, I've got it! As an apology, why don't we swap jobs?

Kalina: What?!

Commander: That is to say, you get to be the Commander and give me orders, and I'll be your adjutant. I mean, we don't have any missions pending, so we can probably do it for a day...

Kalina: Commander... Are you serious about that?

Commander: Yep.

Commander: I'll do anything you want. You can take your anger out on me anytime.

Commander: How...how's that?

Kalina: Pffft...

Kalina: Pff...hahahaha!

Kalina: Well, that's our Commander for you, you always come up with stuff that normal people could never even conceive of. That's so dumb!

Kalina: If you were our logistics officer, I doubt any of our Dolls would have working weapons if they went out on a mission.

Kalina: In the end, I'd get yelled at anyway.

Commander: So what can I do to make it up to you?

Kalina: Hmm... Let me think...

Kalina: You're not allowed to lie to me for the rest of your life.

Kalina: How about that, Commander? Do you think you can keep that promise?

Commander: Is that all?

Kalina: Yeah, that's all.

Commander: Then I promise you, I won't lie to you ever again.

Kalina: Hehehe, you'd better keep your word, okay?

Ten years later, as I look out through the train windows at the quarantine wall under the setting sun in the distance, I think back to this scene.

The orange-yellow light of dusk spreads over the quarantine wall and limns it in a golden glow, like syrup on a pancake.

As I recall all the things that have gone by, it suddenly occurs to me just how much that brief period of respite in my life has meant to me.

At that time, I did not realize how lucky and happy I was.

As everything changed with the passage of time, the faces of the past had blurred into unreachability with each day that went by.

I recall the words I couldn't say when I bade her farewell just now. I know that even if I had said them, they would have been pointless anyway.

Even if I am still my old self, she is no longer the same woman.

However, I do not resent her for changing, because in the end, I have not been able to keep the promise I made her ten years ago.

...

Kalina: (Yawns)... I'm so sleepy all of a sudden.

Kalina: Now that I'm not worried anymore, the fatigue from the past few days has caught up with me all at once...

Commander: Go back to the dorm and get some rest. There's no telling how long the Dolls are going to keep this up.

Commander: We'll worry about the cleanup tomorrow.

Kalina: O...Okay...

Kalina: Then I'll see you tomorrow, Commander...

Kalina: (Yawns) So sleepy...

Kalina drags her exhausted body out of the Café.

Hopefully she'll be back to normal tomorrow. Having a grim-faced adjutant standing behind me was sending chills down my spine.

Dandelion: Is this seat taken, Commander?

Commander: ...What are you doing here?

Commander: Didn't I tell you not to show up in front of the others?

Dandelion: Well, the only other human who can see me besides yourself has already gone to bed, so coming out for a stroll shouldn't be a problem.

Commander: ...Have you been spying on us again?

Dandelion: I'm just curious about the relationship you have with your adjutant.

Dandelion: But I didn't expect her to be so tractable.

Dandelion: It's almost as if the two of you were trying to beat each other in being the biggest pushover.

Commander: Ahem, did you come all the way just to make fun of me?

Dandelion: I've obtained some information, but it's not particularly urgent.

Dandelion: After all, such moments of respite are precious and fleeting.

Dandelion: There's no harm in letting it wait.

I follow her gaze to the center of the Café, and the raucous atmosphere washes over me like a wave.

Anna: Quit struggling and let me pinch you!

Gr G11: Ugh... Let go... My face...

Gr G11: Help me... Ughh...

UMP9: Hahahaha, Gr G11's face looks so dorky!

AUG Para: It looks fun, I want to pinch her too!

VHS: Pipe down. The head maid's going to come over and scold us.

Gr G36: Alright, you girls, don't make trouble in the Café. Go back to the dorms if you want to fool around.

Anna: Uwah! Run for it!

Gr G36: Don't run around in the Café! It's dangerous—you'll hit someone!

Springfield: Let them off this once, Gr G36. It's good that the place is so lively after so long.

Gr G36: (Sighs) From tolerance all sin is born.

Gr G36: These Dolls make trouble in the Café because you're always so lenient.

I exhale and look away from them.

This normal, everyday life with no surprises is what I'm trying to protect with every fiber of my being.

Commander: So, what is this information you were talking about?

Dandelion: Ooh, eager, aren't we. Are you in such a hurry to go on a mission again?

Commander: I don't want to end up regretting my present laziness in the future.

Dandelion: In that case, come with me.

Dandelion rises and leaves the Café.

I give Springfield a nod, then put on my coat and follow her out.

...

It's not fall yet, but there's a chill in the air outdoors.

Commander: Huh, so you're all here.

As I expected, the AR Team is gathered in a clearing outside the base.

Dandelion: I've brought the Commander along, as I promised.

RO635: Thank you, you've done us a favor.

Commander: Did you send Dandelion to find me?

Commander: Why didn't you come over in person?

RO635: The idea of going in there somehow makes me a bit uncomfortable...

ST AR-15: After all, it's best for us to keep a distance from the other Dolls, since we're members of the AR Team and all.

M4 SOPMOD II: I knew the Commander would come, now the Commander is allllll ours!

Commander: That sounds a little frightening, coming from you...

RO635: Ahem... Actually, we asked you out here today because we have an imposition to make.

RO635: I know it might cause you trouble but please hear us out.

RO635: Dandelion, please show the Commander.

Dandelion: Here, Commander, look at this.

Commander: This house is...?

Dandelion: There's no doubt about it. This is the house which keeps appearing in Lunasia's neural cloud.

Dandelion: It is her "home", stored in the depths of her memories.

ST AR-15: I once saw this place on the base layer of her neural cloud.

Dandelion: Havier's intelligence network seems to have news about Ange's work in Germany. Their Stasi over there seems to have found an identical house to this one.

Commander: You hacked into Havier's computer?!

Dandelion: I just left a little, tiny backdoor. He won't notice it.

Dandelion: It was Ange's activities in Germany which led to the Stasi discovering this place by accident.

Commander: Looks like Ange's gone through a lot over there...

Commander: So what do you have in mind?

RO635: Commander, the AR Team has decided. We won't give up on looking for M4 or M16 no matter what.

RO635: No matter how big the world is, I believe that as long as we continue existing within it, we will meet again someday.

RO635: Therefore, we're hoping that we can find a way to get to that place and see if we can obtain a lead about M4.

RO635: Of course, I know this might make things rather difficult for you, but please let us leave you for a while. I'm sure we'll bring back good news.

Commander: I refuse.

RO635: Huh?

Commander: If we're looking for our lost Dolls, I cannot let just the few of you go off by yourselves.

ST AR-15: Commander, what do you mean?

Commander: While I can't make any guarantees right now, I'll try to verify the information about that house.

Commander: If it warrants a proper investigation, I won't just send the AR Team by yourselves and expose you to danger.

Commander: Don't worry. As a Commander of Griffin, I won't leave any Dolls behind.

M4 SOPMOD II: Awesome, the Commander has the same idea!

Commander: Yeah, I won't leave anyone behind.

Commander: But you need to promise me that you'll obey orders once the mission begins and you won't run off on your own.

Commander: We are a team; every person and every Doll here is your friend and your comrade, and our fates are bound together.

Commander: Can you promise me that?

The three Dolls exchange glances and nod in unison.

I nod back in acknowledgement.

Commander: I will give thorough consideration to the entire plan. Also, Persica will be arriving tomorrow. You should let her give you all a checkup.

Commander: Now, since that's still a few hours away, why don't you head over to the Café and have some fun?

RO635: Thanks, but no thanks, Commander.

RO635: We'll be off then. You should get some rest too.

Commander: Right. Good night.

The Dolls take their leave, talking and laughing.

I look at RO's receding back and realize that she's become a lot more mature than before.

I stick my hands into my pockets. For some reason, I feel much more at ease now.

Dandelion: You promised the moon so casually, Commander.

Commander: Did I make the wrong choice?

Commander: You want to find M4 too, don't you?

Dandelion: Indeed, that is what I want. I also know we will have to pay a price to achieve that.

Commander: So you're saying I shouldn't have made that promise?

Dandelion: I simply think you might not be ready yet.

Commander: But we've won all this time, haven't we?

Commander: If we stand still, then all our efforts will be wasted.

Commander: I simply want to do something for those girls. After all, their previous sacrifices deserve to be repaid.

Dandelion: You have a point.

Dandelion: And you WOULD think like this now. I do wish you will never change.

Commander: Spoken like you know my future.

Dandelion: You could say that.

Commander: Huh?

Dandelion: But the future is not set in stone, so remember our promises.

Dandelion: Before you step into the grave, tell me what you think of this world.

Dandelion: Until then, never stop striving, never stop struggling. That's the most interesting thing about humans, after all.
Part 2: Bridge of Eternity

    2chevron_right

The Germans' tiltrotor military aircraft takes off smoothly. Ange helps the injured secretary settle into her seat and sits down herself.

Under the engines' continuous thrum, the two women suddenly feel the full force of their fatigue. They both let out a heavy sigh before looking at each other.

Angelia: Does your leg still hurt?

Morridow: It's just a graze... I feel like my trauma is more mental than physical...

Angelia: Really?

Angelia: You look pretty perky to me.

Morridow: It's all just an act!

Morridow: I was scared out of my mind!

Angelia: I told you before we entered the settlement. I thought you were prepared.

Morridow: I was prepared...

Morridow: But I never thought Hopps would be a GIP spy.

Morridow: No wonder Chairwoman Ulrich was always a bit distant around him. She must've known something wasn't right.

Angelia: If Ulrich noticed, so should her secretary, right?

Morridow: Actually, both Hopps and I have started working for Frau Ulrich only fairly recently. To be honest, I didn't know him all that well.

Morridow: He was transferred from the municipal office. We weren't too close in private, but since there hasn't been any problem with security, nobody raised any objections.

Angelia: We didn't make any headway in our investigation at all.

Angelia: (Sighs) What a disappointing trip.

Ange recalls the incidents in the last few days and flicks her hand impatiently.

Seeing her in such deep chagrin, Morridow smiles and tries to console her.

Morridow: Don't give up, Frau Ange.

Morridow: You haven't been here for long. I'm sure things will go better.

Morridow: Just rest up for now.

Angelia: You're right.

Ange rests her chin on a hand and stares thoughtfully at Morridow.

Morridow: What are you thinking about?

Angelia: I'm thinking about what happened in the refugee settlement. There are still a lot of mysteries that haven't been explained.

Morridow: Mysteries?

Morridow: But haven't we already exposed the traitor Hopps?

Angelia: The only reason why I have Ulrich's and K's cooperation is that we have a common enemy.

Angelia: As for why the GIP didn't succeed in capturing us, that's because said enemy doesn't want me to end up in their hands.

Morridow: I thought the GIP plainclothes failed because they and Powell were tripping each other up.

Angelia: The ELID mutation was triggered by the strange powder, which caused something quite similar to what we experienced at the botanical institute.

Angelia: I doubt Powell had the influence to acquire that kind of stuff.

Morridow: You mean it's the same enemy behind the Flora Institute and the refugee settlement?

Angelia: I believe so.

Morridow: So...someone else other than the GIP have their eyes on us.

Morridow: Please help me report this to Chairwoman Ulrich later.

Morridow: We must take all necessary precautions.

Angelia: That's certainly a good idea.

Angelia: But for now, I have a few other questions.

Morridow: Oh, what questions?

Angelia: Our enemy has always been one step ahead of us throughout our investigation.

Angelia: I suspect I might be missing something important.

Angelia: Which is why I would like to ask you some questions, Miss Morridow. I hope you don't mind.

Ange strokes her chin contemplatively as she probes the secretary.

Confronted with Ange's tactful query, Morridow offers a polite answer in return.

Morridow: Please go ahead, Frau Ange. I will tell you everything I know.

Angelia: If I remember correctly, while we were at the Flora Institute, the hallucinogen also rendered you unconscious, correct?

Morridow: Of course. You saw it yourself.

Angelia: Indeed, you were knocked out for some time like the rest of us.

Angelia: But I've noticed that the substance tend to trigger some kind of allergic reaction in people. Hopps and I had nosebleeds.

Angelia: It also happened to J at the refugee camp after he came into contact with the hallucinogen floating in the air.

Angelia: However, you did not seem to have experienced such allergic reaction yourself.

Morridow: Allergic reaction? This kind of thing varies with each individual. I didn't have something as obvious as a nosebleed.

Morridow: Maybe my body simply has more resistance.

Angelia: Perhaps.

Angelia: Then there's another matter concerning the orphanage.

Angelia: Renate told me that while she was searching the different rooms, she saw a girl asking you for candy, but you said you didn't have any.

Morridow: Oh, I really didn't have any candy on me. What's the problem with that?

Angelia: What's strange isn't the fact that you didn't have any candy, but the fact that the children at the orphanage asked you for candy when they saw you.

Angelia: Have you been to the orphanage before?

Angelia: Why would the children know you?

Morridow: Oh...

Morridow: Actually, we've visited this orphanage in the past as it is on PECMAR's list of prospective beneficiaries.

Morridow: That's also why we could arrange your visit with the housemother at such short notice.

Angelia: I see.

Morridow: Speaking of candy.

Morridow: Do you want some?

Morridow: I think it's important to replenish your sugar levels when you're in a bad mood.

Angelia: You have a point.

Morridow fetches a pack of candy from her handbag. Ange extends a hand to accept it.

Angelia: I'm sorry. I'm just trying to sort through the events and figure out what really happened.

Angelia: I apologize if my questions are making you uncomfortable. Please don't take this personally.

Morridow: No problem at all. I know you have your duties, and I'm happy to answer your questions.

Morridow: They don't have to be about work either. Feel free to ask me anything at all.

Angelia: I do find something very strange. Something not exactly related to work.

Morridow: Strange?

Morridow: What do you mean?

Angelia: This, for instance.

The hand Ange has been holding out suddenly snakes around to Morridow's back.

She removes the pistol that's been hidden on Morridow's belt in an instant.

She then immediately disengages the safety and points the pistol directly at Morridow, while keeping two paces away from her.

Angelia: I remember you said you didn't know how to use firearms before we entered the settlement.

Angelia: But you were about to draw your weapon when Hopps was holding you at gunpoint, weren't you?

Angelia: Why did you lie?

Morridow: Oh... Uh...

Morridow: I...I'm so sorry... Actually, the chairwoman asked me to bring along a weapon before I left.

Morridow: I've had some training, but I'm not good at it at all...

Morridow: Back then it looked like I was done for, so I thought I might as well give it a shot...

Angelia: Oh?

Angelia: Is that so?

Morridow: It's true!

Morridow: Please stop pointing the gun at me! You're scaring me...!

Angelia: Your explanation is flawless, but that's some really terrible acting.

Angelia: That's not a look someone with absolutely zero combat experience would give me.

Morridow: Frau Ange, please stop pulling my leg.

Morridow: Or I might really get crossed.

Angelia: Before you do that, why don't you have a piece of your candy?

Angelia: I suppose it contains some kind of chemical that stabilizes your emotion?

Morridow: It's just some normal candy!

Morridow: Enough with the slander, Frau Ange.

Morridow: The aircraft will soon reach the location where we'll be meeting Frau Ulrich, and you can tell her all about your suspicions!

Morridow: You can investigate me all you like, but in the end, I will prove to be innocent!

Angelia: Will you? Then I look forward to—

Before Ange can finish, the bearing of the secretary, who has been pleading with her beseechingly with tears in her eyes, shifts dramatically.

She swipes at the gun pointed at her with her left hand without warning, disrupting Ange's aim.

The unexpected strike causes Ange to pull the trigger out of reflex before the pistol gets knocked out of her hand.

The fired bullet misses its target and hits the wall of the aircraft behind the secretary instead.

Angelia: Hm?!

Taken aback by Morridow's CQC skills, Ange quickly collects herself. She draws her own sidearm and fires another shot directly at Morridow's chest.

However, Morridow's movements once again take her completely by surprise. She reacts almost instantaneously as the shot is fired—faster than what a normal human is capable of.

She ducks out of the bullet's trajectory so quickly it only brushes past her shoulder.

When she straightens up again, the secretary's characteristic genteel smile has vanished, replaced by cold, deadly features contorted into an uncanny grin.

Angelia: ?!

Morridow: Shooting a friend straight in the heart? My, you're stone cold.

Angelia: Haha... I was just bluffing you. Didn't expect you to drop the act just like that.

Angelia: And your reaction speed... Are you a Doll?

Angelia: No, that can't be right. Erwin didn't notice anything strange about you. A new model of Nyto, maybe?

Morridow: Both of those guesses are kind of insulting.

Angelia: While I was dragging you along in the refugee settlement, no matter how much danger we were in, your pulse was very steady the whole time.

Angelia: You're the one behind the appearance of those mutants, I suppose?

Angelia: Since those stupid GIP members wouldn't leave me alone, you just got rid of them.

Morridow: Hopps, the GIP... Those idiots are all just disposable pawns.

Morridow: You're exactly right. My objective has only ever been you, Angelia.

Morridow: But I'm surprised. I thought you would've completely let down your guard around me after we went through fire and water together.

Angelia: Went through fire and water.

Angelia: What a joke.

Angelia: I have absolutely no interest in being such good friends with some Paradeus cultist.

Morridow: Sure, run your mouth. You only have a few more minutes anyway.

Angelia: Humph... So the plane is as shady as you.

Morridow: Too late. We will arrive at our destination very soon.

Morridow: We'll continue our earnest conversation once we reach the base.

Morridow: I'm sure we can talk all day...until you spill everything Father wants to know.

Angelia: Humph, then I'll have to kill you before it comes to that.

The air grows tense in the enclosed space. Ange takes the initiative and breaks the stillness of their confrontation.

Now that she knows her opponent is a Paradeus member with superhuman reflexes, there is no need to hold back anymore. This time, Ange fires directly at her head.

Morridow ducks and charges at Ange immediately.

Without pausing, Ange draws upon her training and fires another two shots at her chest.

Morridow blocks the bullets with her right arm and flings her handbag at Ange.

The pain causes Ange to flinch for a second. Exploiting this momentary weakness, Morridow closes the distance and disarms Ange with a precise kick.

Angelia: She's fast!

Having drawn close to Ange, Morridow gives her no time to react.

She brings down her suspended left leg on Ange's neck and grabs Ange by the dominant arm, then she grapples Ange to the floor, immobilizing the upper half of her body.

With her left arm held in a death grip, Ange tries to break free, but more she struggles, the more force Morridow applies.

Her shoulder joint is screaming in agony.

Morridow: It's time you recognized the truth, Angelia! Join us!

Morridow: Instead of serving those corrupt and obsolete people in the upper crust, follow Paradeus and lead mankind into the future we deserve!

Angelia: You mean a future where everyone gets turned into irradiated zombies?

Morridow: Necessary sacrifices!

Believing that she has the upper hand, Morridow lets down her guard slightly.

Ange seizes this opportunity and draws a combat knife from her belt with her right hand. She then raises the knife and smashes the hilt into her left arm. Her mechanical limb falls off with a clatter.

With her leverage suddenly gone, Morridow sees a flash of white light and rolls aside immediately.

However, the blood seeping through her clothes on one side of her torso shows that Ange's attack has done the trick.

Morridow: Tsk, don't get cocky.

Angelia: So you're not covered in alloy, Miss Nyto.

Angelia: I was wondering which part of you is human.

Morridow: I'm not a Nyto. I'm 100% human.

Morridow: I'm just superior to you.

Angelia: Sounds familiar. That's exactly something a new type of Nyto would say.

Angelia: Those GIP nationalists can't hold a candle to you.

Ange gets to her feet and slowly backs away with her knife pointed at Morridow.

Morridow: Are you trying to anger me? What good would that do?

Morridow: No matter what I am, there will always be an unbridgeable gap between you and me.

Morridow: We are thousands of feet in the air; where can you hide?

Morridow charges in once more. Ange can barely fend off her attack with just a right arm.

Angelia: An unbridgeable gap, huh... You're right, Morridow, we are separated by an unbridgeable gap.

Angelia: But not in terms of our physical strength. You will never understand.

Morridow: Prove it to me, Angelia.

Morridow: Prove me wrong. What can you do?

Angelia: Humph...

Angelia: Lucia!

Ange bellows, and a familiar figure slowly strolls through the cabin door with a wicked smile.

Morridow's face slackens in shock. She is having trouble comprehending this unexpected turn of events.

AK-12: Oh wow, it's been a while since I last saw you get your hands beautifully dirty in a fight, Ange.

AK-12: I thought you didn't need any help and was going to let you take all the credit this time.

Morridow: Why are you... When did you...

Morridow: ...Angelia, you tricked me?

Angelia: You got careless just because you thought you had it in the bag.

Angelia: I suggest you take a look out the window, Morridow.

Morridow: ...!

Morridow turns abruptly to peer outside through the window of the cabin.

Instead of flying south out of the city as she had planned, the freighter is heading towards Magdeburg, where the Soviet Army's External Group of Forces is stationed.

Morridow: How long have you been spinning this web around me?

AK-12: Ange was worried that you wouldn't fall for the ploy, so she asked us to make it look like we got taken out.

AK-12: I've been following you the whole time and I slipped aboard the freighter the moment it landed.

AK-12: Then I had a long chat with your pilot, who happily agreed to catch a nap while I fly the plane.

Morridow: Tsk... I shouldn't have expected so much from the GIP trash.

Angelia: That's right. Neither Powell nor the GIP managed to kill anyone on Task Force DEFY.

Angelia: I was using myself as bait and waiting for big fish like you to bite the hook, but you didn't even suspect it; you just leaped right out of the water—both you and Hopps.

Angelia: You lost it all from the moment you followed me into the refugee settlement, Morridow.

Morridow: Lost? I don't think so, Angelia.

Morridow: Your Wolf Pack may be pretty strong, but it makes no difference to me.

AK-12 aims her weapon straight at the exposed Paradeus agent, her wide-open violet eyes glinting dangerously.

AK-12: I wouldn't try anything funny if I were you.

AK-12: You may have faster reflexes than Ange, but this military-grade Tactical Doll and her automatic rifle would be more than happy to entertain you—with 5.45x39mm full metal jacket AP rounds.

AK-12: Unlike Ange, I don't have a "gone through fire and water together" kind of bond with you. It'd be terrible if my finger slips and I shoot you into Swiss cheese.

Morridow: Oh gee, I'm so scared.

Morridow: If you randomly open fire in this pressurized cabin, we'll all die.

Morridow: You don't want your master to go splat, do you?

AK-12: First of all, Ange isn't my master, just my commander.

AK-12: Secondly, we've prepared parachutes beforehand.

AK-12: Though supply is obviously limited.

Morridow: ...

While they are sparring with words, Morridow slowly inches back.

Just as AK-12 takes notice of her minute movement, Morridow spins around and delivers a side kick.

AK-12 pulls the trigger immediately.

The bullet goes straight through Morridow's leg just before the kick connects.

Blood spurts out of the wounds, causing Morridow to pause in shock.

Bang.

Another gunshot rings out.

This time, the bullet burrows straight into Morridow's unprotected shoulder.

She collapses onto the floor due to the crippling pain.

More blood gushes out, steeping her clothes in crimson wetness. She clasps her shoulder in pain and props herself up against the cabin wall.

Ange stares at her coldly, pistol in hand.

Angelia: Stop trying. It won't work.

Angelia: Since you're oh-so-superior, surely you can tell you don't stand a chance at all.

Morridow: ...So 5.45mm AP rounds can still inflict damage on me at this distance.

Morridow: Hahaha, that's some important data.

Morridow cranes her head up and flashes them a goading smile.

In response to the Paradeus agent's taunt, Ange raises her pistol and aims at her head.

Angelia: None of your tricks.

Angelia: We need you alive so that you can tell us all about William when we get back to Chairwoman Ulrich.

Morridow: Don't count on it.

With that...

Morridow grabs one of the seats in the cabin. Then comes the sound of metal and cables rupturing.

Snap!

Angelia & AK-12: What?!

Morridow throws the torn-off chair at Ange and AK-12. Ange immediately opens fire but her shot is blocked by the chair.

After a bang, air comes tearing and howling in through the cabin door. They realize right away that Morridow has flung open the emergency exit.

Angelia: Dammit! Hold on tight!

It's too late to stop her. Ange grabs a handrail out of reflex, which saves her life.

Meanwhile, also gripping a handrail, Morridow tears out another seat and throws it into the aircraft's nacelle. As the rotor lets out a horrific screech, the entire tiltrotor aircraft starts rocking violently.

With one of the rotors down, the damaged plane spins out of control, knocking everyone onboard off balance.

Angelia: Lucia, get into the cockpit!

Angelia: Try to land this damn thing!

AK-12: On it!

Angelia: You freaking lunatic! Trying to make us join you in hell, huh?

Angelia: Not in a million years!

Morridow: And you think I'll just go quietly with you? "Not in a million years!"

Morridow: There, I'm saying it right back at you, Angelia.

Morridow: Perhaps you'll miss me and come to treasure the time we've spent together.

Morridow: But don't worry, we'll meet again very soon~

Then Morridow throws herself out of the emergency exit and off the freighter.

The aircraft is still continuing its treacherous descent. Ange peers through the window while hanging on for dear life.

However, all she sees is a splash on the surface of the Elbe.

Angelia: So Nytos can already be fully merged with humans...?

Angelia: How many more places have these Paradeus spies infiltrated?

Angelia: Is activating the Relic William's sole objective?

Angelia: The situation here is even more complex than our own country, but no matter how he tries to hide, his twitchy tail has finally given him away.

Angelia: He is right here in Germany. Now it's my turn to go on the offensive.

Angelia: Just you wait, Morridow, William.

Angelia: It won't be long now.

...

【Dual Randomness - END】

(Missing mission ID, can't load credits! Go yell at the site owner!)

After sending off the ambulance that will transport J to the hospital, K climbs into the van with Hopps in the prisoner compartment and prepares to drive off.

Only when the van is safely on the road does he glance at the Doll sitting right behind him.

K: ...

AN-94: ...

K: Hm...

K: Ange really doesn't trust me, huh?

AN-94: I am here under Ange's order to help you. Please don't read too much into it.

K: ...

AN-94: ...

K: ...Cigarette?

AN-94: I don't smoke...

K: Say... No matter how you look at it, J looks more like a spy than I do, don't you think?

AN-94: ...

K: ...

K: Nevermind. You guys don't let anything slip by. That's what makes you perfect for this job.

AN-94: ...

K: Wanna go out for a drink later?

AN-94: No, thanks.

The van drives on in oppressive silence.

K stares at the glowing tip of his cigarette without taking a single drag.

K: Hey, right now, don't you think we look like we're...

AN-94: Not at all.A week after the Paldiski Submarine Base incident.

■FILE■ NUSSRA920640605190087, decrypting...

Military Officer: Sir, Griffin is still putting up a fight.

Yegor: Don't forget our objective... That base is the most important thing here.

Someone pauses the playback, and the Nyto who was originally seated and taking notes in the camera room rises nervously to her feet.

Susanna: ...

This is a routine weekly briefing, but the crushing atmosphere drills a message into the minds of all the Nytos present—slip-ups are not allowed.

Just then, a kindly female voice addresses them.

???: ...Not this one, Susanna.

The kinder the voice, the more nervous it makes her feel.

Susanna can almost feel her palms beginning to sweat... She forces herself to calm down.

Susanna: ...My apologies. A moment, please.

She immediately pulls up a new file.

■FILE■ DDRA585246472307521, decrypting...

K: Let's say our goodbyes here.

Commander: Not going to bring back a souvenir?

K: Everything goes with you—that's the order I received. Remember to hand the children over to Herr Havier's safekeeping.

K: Now then, as unpleasant as it is, I'd better go get Ange.

K: My mission is to monitor her to begin with, so it'll be bad if my objective goes missing.

Commander: Understood... All the best, then.

K: No need to worry. We'll meet again very soon.

The voices suddenly stop again. Someone has obviously paused it once more.

This time, the woman's voice is even gentler than before.

???: Please—rewind it a little further back, if you don't mind.

She's even being extra polite; Susanna can no longer control her trembling.

And she knows her answer will only make the woman before her even angrier.

Susanna: ...I am very sorry, Big Sister Nemhran.

Susanna: The influx of seawater made it impossible to recover any information from that base...

Nemhran: ...

This time, Nemhran makes no reply. However, Susanna doesn't dare raise her head...

She can't let things stand as they are!

Susanna hurriedly searches through the data in her VCI.

She swiftly sifts through two people's worth of files.

Hopefully she'll find something to make up for this!

■FILE■ UO83520530300147, decrypting...

Error!!!

■FILE■ UO34678231305238, decrypting...

Error!!!

Connecting to the "Bee Sting" System...

...

System error, unable to connect.

Restart?

As the encrypted layer displays an error message, the Nytos return to the real camera room.

A transmission notification rings, and Susanna reflexively puts it through.

Nemhran: ...It was just a system malfunction, don't worry.

The gentle voice flows into Susanna's ear like Satan's sweet whispers.

Susanna: I... I am terribly sorry, I will organize Angelia's files and the information pertaining to the undersea base and hand them to you.

Nemhran: Thank you for your hard work.

Susanna: Just... Just doing my job.

Nemhran: Retrieve Angelia's file and the info on Task Force DEFY. Convert them to plaintext, polish up the language, and then send it out.

Susanna: Shall I send it to the "Chief" or to Aver—

Nemhran: Olga.

As Nemhran quietly speaks that name, another Nyto in the room silently steps out of the shadows.

Without any further explanation, she steps forward swiftly and breaks Susanna's neck with practiced ease.

Susanna's voice is cut off in a simple yet brutal way.

Her vocalization systems are physically destroyed with no prior warning.

Throughout the entire process, Susanna does not put up the slightest bit of resistance.

Or perhaps, she is fully aware that resistance is futile.

Nemhran: Do not... mention that place.

Susanna collapses to the ground... and becomes a corpse.

The Nyto called "Olga" respectfully takes over the communicator carried by the dead Nyto.

Nemhran: ...And what is your name?

Olga: My name is Olga, Big Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran: I meant nothing by it. It is a Russian name.

Olga: From now on, I am called Olga, Big Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran chuckles. She seems to like how this Nyto knows the score.

Nemhran: Contact "Polar Bear''. We'll need to send Ange to Berlin.

Olga: Understood.

...

Nemhran hangs up.

There were four Nytos in the room before, but now there are only three.

After hesitating for a long time, one of the Nytos that is still standing turns to Olga.

White Nyto: ...Susanna was always the one to contact "Polar Bear" before this. Where can we find the things she was responsible for?

Olga: Extract her memory module.

White Nyto: ...Making a Susanna is quite demanding, aren't we going to send her back to...

She shudders, and then swallows the words she was about to say.

White Nyto: Send her back?

Olga: ...You can forget about going back before the mission is over.

Olga: Given our worth, it's riskier to be sent back than to be buried here.

White Nyto: ...But what about our access? Susanna had higher access than all of us.

White Nyto: Only Big Sister Nemhran can change the access and rules of the Bee Sting System. Should we send her a message?

Olga: ...

Olga: Never, ever ask anything of her.

Olga: Once we complete the appropriate tasks, we will have the appropriate access.

Olga: Don't make wild guesses about things that weren't mentioned.

White Nyto: But...

Olga: You'd better believe me.

The room is silent once again.

Olga clears away Susanna's body with great efficiency, and the camera room looks like new again.

There is no sign that Susanna ever existed.

Inside a certain bar in St. Petersburg, Neo-Soviet Union.

A stinking drunk man is sprawled over the corner of the bar. For people who have vodka flowing in their veins, such a thing is an everyday occurrence.

He bangs on the broken service bell.

Every now and then he pokes the buttons that do nothing besides turn the lights on and off. Compared to the other drunks, this is actually quite polite.

Soon, a bartender holding a blended drink pats him on the shoulder.

Bartender: Sir, someone ordered a German Mary for you.

Drunk Man: ...

The man opens his bloodshot eyes and snorts.

Drunk Man: Izzit a Berlin Mary or a Bremen Mary?

Bartender: ...This drink was made with wine imported from Bremen.

Those words seem to activate the neurons within the man's brain, and his flushed cheeks tremble as he curses loudly enough that even the noisy music within the bar cannot cover it up.

Drunk Man: I only drink Berlin Mary! What the hell are you serving me? This place is garbage!

He is clearly angry, and swats the tray that the bartender is holding to the ground.

Drunk Man: Berlin Mary is the only true Mary!

The bartender struggles to keep his cool, but in the end all he can do is maintain his bartender's smile.

Bartender: Sir, we have always served wine imported from Bremen. Perhaps you might have drunk German Marys in other places.

Bartender: Would you like to try our new seasonal products? This is the latest brand. Many of our customers have ordered it.

The drunk man pushes the bartender aside and stumbles out the door.

The bartender doesn't say anything. Instead, he bends down to clean up the broken glass.

The bar resumes its usual clamor, and a lady approaches the bartender who is cleaning up in silence. She speaks into his ear.

Woman: I've already covered his tab. Good luck tonight.

An hour later, there is quite an upheaval at Paradeus' Moscow base.

White Nyto: ...Oh no, we didn't send Ange to Berlin as planned... She's gone to Bremen!

Olga: Prepare an encrypted transmission right now.

White Nyto: Are we going to ask her for help? Didn't you say we shouldn't ask Big Sister Nemhran any questions?

White Nyto: What kind of accident was this, why did the plane end up going to Bremen...

White Nyto: Did Polar Bear get the location wrong? What an amateurish mistake...

Olga: ...Accidents aren't the scariest.

Olga: Failure is.

White Nyto: But a mistake of this level won't be forgiven!

Olga: ...Quiet down!

Olga: Things like this happen all the time.

Olga: Very often, what some call an accident is actually an opportunity.

Olga: We won't be implicated because of something like this.

White Nyto: Then why did Susanna die just because she missed out a bit of information? She made fewer mistakes than we did!

White Nyto: I don't think it's because she revealed... that place.

Olga: That's where you're wrong.

Olga: She affected Father's plan.

Olga: Any of our sisters who affects Father's plan is a sinner.

White Nyto: ...Have you heard that rumor?

Olga: What rumor?

White Nyto: Big Sister Nemhran was cast out... She no longer enjoys Father's affection.

White Nyto: That's why she can't fail, and that's why she expects us not to fail either.

Olga: ...

Olga: If I were you, I'd keep my ears and mouth shut.

Olga: That way I wouldn't make such basic mistakes.

White Nyto: What do you mean?

Olga: Do you know what the name of the Bee Sting System means?

Olga: —It gets in everywhere.

Olga: Not just against enemies, but us too.

White Nyto: ...

That was the last thing she heard.

An all-pervasive surveillance system would naturally include the Nytos themselves.

Within the multiple-encrypted layer, Olga regularly checks the clarity of the signal.

She is responsible for taking notes during this three-person meeting, but she has no right to speak.

After a long silence, one of them finally breaks the silence.

???: You're the one asking me for help, Big Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran: I hope you'll understand Father's arrangements. I'm simply allocating assignments, No. 10954.

???: There is no longer a No. 10954. There is only Morridow.

Morridow: Oh yes, you'd better come up with a suitable excuse for Father concerning the escape of No. 10876.

Nemhran: ...If I'm not mistaken, she escaped on YOUR watch.

Morridow: Do you have any proof of that?

Nemhran: ...

Morridow: Big Sister Nemhran, your Bee Sting System ought to be retired.

Morridow: Destroying that information took less than ten hours.

Morridow: Perhaps you call the shots in Moscow, but Berlin and Bremen are my territory.

Morridow: Even if the destination hadn't changed, you wouldn't be able to interfere.

Nemhran: Going by the data, she is far more perfect than you.

Nemhran: Let's make this simple—I want to make a deal.

Morridow: Let's hear it.

Nemhran: The mission ought to have been finished on time. That was what Father had hoped.

Nemhran: The reason why you're sitting here is because you want to bargain, so if you can compromise a little, I believe your requests will be more easily fulfilled.

Morridow: Don't you already know what I want?

Morridow: I want her location in exchange for the mission concerning Ange.

Nemhran: And the Boxes of Iaso.

Morridow: Is she really worth it?

Nemhran: You should be asking yourself that.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: I'm sure dear sister Machlian would be very happy to know where she stands in my heart.

Morridow: Congratulations, you've come out ahead in this exchange.

Morridow: Now then, as my senior, what wise words will you leave me with before this meeting ends?

Nemhran: As long as you're using that face, don't say things that it wouldn't speak.

Morridow: Relax. I'm allowing a part of my true self to show because I trust you.

Morridow: Besides, aren't keeping secrets and leaking them your forte?

Morridow: I had to prepare for a full week just to contact you.

Morridow: Would someone as "trusted" by Father as yourself ever disappoint me?

As that syrupy-sweet chuckle fades, Morridow's signal vanishes from the encrypted layer.

Olga finishes her data logs and carefully glances at Nemhran's expression before she finishes archiving them.

Olga: ■FILE■ ASD698746327127648...

Olga: ■FILE■ PACC67592352129875...

Olga: ■FILE■ ROTT46532528123234... I'm sending these three files and their relevant documentation to you.

Olga: There's also a backup copy in the base layer.

Olga: I've already made two copies of the log from just now and attached Big Sister Morridow's portion to her file.

Nemhran: No need for that. Keep everything you see as it is—intact.

Nemhran: No matter which conversation it is or whether I'm around.

Nemhran: You are to record every single word I say.

Olga: ...My apologies, I was trying to be clever.

Nemhran: If she had realized that, like you, then this wouldn't have come up.

Nemhran: Nobody cares about 10876's disappearance other than her.

Olga: ...Yes, 10876 was close, but you're the most perfect.

Nemhran: I'm clearly not the most perfect one.

Nemhran: Nobody is.

Meanwhile, at the Gray Institute of Biotechnology, the woman lying within the recovery capsule opens her eyes.

Gray, who is standing to the side, opens the transparent cover.

Gray: Teacher.

Morridow: As I expected, that woman agreed.

Morridow: Now all the missions that Father regards as most important are within our grasp.

Morridow: Gray, this is an excellent opportunity, both for me and you.

Gray: All the preparation work is complete.

Morridow: You are the one I trust most, so I will hand the means of contacting her to you and nobody else.

Morridow: If anything happens, you must take over our work here.

Gray: I hope I will never need to contact her.

Morridow: Contacting her is a double-edged sword. It is something that must only be done as a last resort.

Morridow: Hardly anyone dares to discuss her, and nobody understands her.

Gray: To think she holds a place of such honor in Father's heart...

Morridow: That's not true. Father despises her.

Morridow: I am certain of that—she was exiled to Moscow, like the rumors said.

Morridow: Part of it was because of a mission, but it was also because Father himself wished for it.

Gray: Still, she possesses something we all rely on—the Bee Sting System.

Morridow: That is the most unusual thing about her.

Morridow: Each of our sisters has their own personality, and naturally they have their own strengths and weaknesses.

Morridow: But she is very difficult to read. She has emotions, but no... desires.

Gray: Do you mean—she is not so much a Nyto as a tool?

Morridow: ...That is a very apt description.

Morridow: But that is also why she will never win Father's approval.

Morridow: We need hearts filled with wisdom, courage, loyalty and sacrifice.

Morridow: The only thing that is unnecessary is rationality.

Gray: So she is abnormal.

Morridow: Let me rephrase that—she is the only abnormality who is PERMITTED to exist.

Gray: ...I understand.

Morridow: Cheer up, I'm going to Bremen to receive our gift.

A week after falling into the River Weser.

This is the week in review with DFF—

The Junkers transport craft JU-094 from Bremen city veered off course and crashed into the River Weser a week ago. No civilians were hurt...

We're awaiting for the authorities to provide us with further information.

■FILE■ PACC76589264100147, decrypting...

■FILE■ PACC35426159108760, decrypting...

A scene resolves into clarity on the screen—against a chaotic backdrop, a woman is shoved into a certain bar.

Not a single person in this bar is a genuine customer.

They are either from the Stasi, PMCs, or some other factions.

Earl: We are not enemies, Angelia.

Earl: On the contrary... We are the closest comrades-in-arms.

Angelia: You and me? Ha... I doubt that.

Angelia: Someone whose hands are even bloodier than mine is preaching to me about "all things bright and beautiful"? Bah.

Earl: We share a common goal, Ange.

Earl: I know you can't argue with that... Our methods may be different.

Earl: But our aspiration is the same—everything we do is for the sake of Rossartrism.

Angelia: "Common destiny"... I've grown tired of this kind of rhetoric.

Angelia: You may be able to fool the sheep in your country with that, but don't bother using it on me.

Earl: Have you never wondered why Zelinsky and Mikhail let you come to Germany?

...

Olga: The data is correct. No errors detected.

Olga continues the encryption with practiced skill.

The person on the other end of the line seems to have been waiting for a long time and she is starting to get annoyed.

Gray: I might be patient, but even patience has its limits.

Olga: I apologize. We are organizing the data you requested.

Olga: I hold you in great respect. However, there are strict protocols of confidentiality for information on our end and decrypting them will require some time. I apologize for making you wait so long.

Gray: I am not here to make excuses on Teacher's behalf for our previous mistakes, but for the sake of the mission.

Gray: We may have suffered a slight setback concerning the Angelia mission, but it is not a failure.

Gray: However, I have lost contact with Teacher, so I believe Big Sister Nemhran ought to see me.

Gray: You, on the other hand, do not deserve to engage in conversation with me.

Olga: Big Sister Gray, I apologize for not being able to live up to your expectations given my status.

Olga: However, what I wish to say is—everything said by everyone who uses the Bee Sting System will be logged, and the things you have instructed me to do will reach Big Sister Nemhran's ears.

Gray: ...

Gray: Contacting Father is an easy thing for us.

Olga: Big Sister Gray... While I do not presume to offer you any suggestions...

Olga: If you had planned to do something like that, you would not be wasting your time here waiting.

Gray: You had better hope you don't regret that.

Gray: The ripples from the top are working their way downwards, and things are spiraling out of control.

Gray: Big Sister Nemhran, we need help.

Olga doesn't say anything. All that can be heard is the sound of emotionless, mechanical whirring.

This is not a question she can answer. She has no right to do so.

Gray continues speaking.

Gray: The "Fireworks" have not yet bloomed, but we are almost out of cards.

Gray: If we reveal something that should not be revealed before then, such an outcome will be too much for any of us to atone for.

Gray: We have captured Ange, and transport of the Boxes of Iaso are proceeding according to schedule.

Gray: However, the cooperation we were promised has turned out to be very problematic, and variables have emerged in the positions of certain individuals.

Gray: I do not have the authority to make such decisions.

Gray: That is all I wish to say.

Upon finishing, the transmission immediately terminates.

This is Gray's way of expressing her grave displeasure with the situation.

Gray emerges from the recovery capsule, looking incredibly grim.

Beside her, Grig can't help but rub her shoulders.

Grig: Would you like a coffee?

Gray: We may need to start thinking about how to clean up behind us.

Grig: Why? We have not failed yet.

Gray: We need to bring our upcoming plans forward, and we had better rescue Teacher before that.

Grig: ...I don't understand.

Gray: Do you think I'm being very naive?

Gray: It must look like I do not live for Father, but Teacher.

Grig: You have your reasons, but right now, you could clearly have taken her place.

Gray: No, Grig. I could never replace her.

Gray: By statistical data alone, you, me, Bramedb, and even Narciss are superior to her.

Gray: But she is the general-in-command of our activities in Berlin.

Grig: She only knows how to employ boring methods.

Gray: Your view of things is too one-sided. We are the Isomers with the highest ratings in our respective batches, but Teacher was not.

Gray: She eliminated the most perfect one in her batch.

Grig: ..."Machlian"?

Gray: Do you think a Nyto who could act beneath the watchful eye of Father would be incapable?

Grig: That simply proves Father doted on her.

Gray: No, it proves that she had the ability to make Father tolerate her.

Gray: Meanwhile, our mission has already failed, because our objective is Nimogen.

Gray: If she is not here now, then what awaits us when we go back will not be pleasant.

Gray: We cannot deal with this matter, but perhaps she can.

Grig: ...While I am reluctant to do so, I will accept your decision.

Gray: ...I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disappoint you.

Gray: As long as I live, I will ensure you live too.

Within the encrypted layer, Olga sorts out the data that Gray gave her and hands it over to the person on the other end of the transmission.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran furrows her brow and casually scrolls through it.

Nemhran: I hope SOME people understood my intentions.

Olga: ...Yes, Big Sister Nemhran.

Olga: I have conveyed them precisely and without error to Big Sister Gray.

Olga: A presumptuous agent will relay the wrong information to that Soviet.

Olga: Eventually, they will proceed toward the prison... assuming the Soviets are not that stupid.

Nemhran: I need this newcomer to be just stupid enough, but not a total moron... Humans have always had such blind faith in conclusions that they reach by themselves, as opposed to answers presented to them by others...

Nemhran: If the real production line is revealed, then none of you need to bother to come back.

Olga: Understood...

Olga: Also, we have already finished sending Pandora and Nimogen's data back.

Olga: Pandora's base layer is very heavily encrypted and we still have no way of cracking it... I do not understand why we kept her.

Nemhran: Father knows her true intentions very well... but that is also in accordance with Father's wishes.

Nemhran: Now is the chance to communicate with "that side", and Pandora—or the people behind her—have shown sufficient "sincerity".

Nemhran: Her backers have paid an adequate price to speak with Father.

Olga: Yes... I understand.

Nemhran: You've done enough.

Nemhran: You may return after this.

Olga: Yes.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran pauses, then her tone suddenly becomes much more casual.

Nemhran: Olga, do you think Morridow will come back?

Olga: ...I'm sorry, Big Sister Nemhran.

Olga: But I cannot fathom Big Sister Morridow's thoughts.

Olga: ...Her mission was definitely a failure, but I do not know how you and... how Father perceive it.

Nemhran: I like smart people, but I don't dislike fools.

Nemhran: However, fools who pretend to be smart disgust me.

Olga: ...

Nemhran: Which of these do you think Morridow is, Olga?

Olga: I'm sorry, Big Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran: ...Go ahead, speak your mind. Don't be scared.

Olga: ...I dare not comment on my elder sisters' intelligence, but I can be certain that Big Sister Nemhran is one of a kind.

Olga: Elder sisters Morridow and Bramedb devote their efforts to gaining Father's attention.

Olga: Meanwhile, you are Father's capable helper.

Olga: Humans can easily replace pets, but there is no substitute for one's arms.

Nemhran: ...His arms... Now that's an interesting metaphor.

Nemhran: However, you're wrong, Olga.

Nemhran: When humans lose their arms, they can replace them with prosthetic limbs. Such things no longer restrict them.

Click.

The transmission ends.
Part 2: Black Box

2

Unity Day, on the Soviet-German border.

WGF Air Traffic Control: Beep, beep, beep, beep! Warning! Warning! Warning!

WGF Air Traffic Control: This is Air Traffic Control of the Western Group of Forces. You are about to enter a military no-fly zone. Please alter your course immediately and identity yourself, or the Soviet Air Forces will be authorized to shoot down your aircraft.

M16A1: ...Beak.

Beak: ...

Beak: WGF Air Traffic Control, please open encrypted channel number 13.

WGF Air Traffic Control: The radio operator has been notified. Connecting through encrypted channel.

Radio Operator: Security message received... Identity verified—Black Box.

Radio Operator: There are currently dozens of aircrafts awaiting directions.

Radio Operator: We are unable to give you permission to land. Please increase your altitude.

Beak: I freaking hate this codename...

M16A1: Apologies, but we need to land right now.

M16A1: This very instant.

Radio Operator: But...

M16A1: This is a Statesec A-tier command code.

M16A1: We have to land immediately.

Radio Operator: This is...

Radio Operator: ...Alright, we will allocate a flight line for you right away.

M16A1: ...No need for that. Just give us permission to land.

M16A1: We have a more direct way of coming down.

Radio Operator: A more direct way?

Beak: Hahaha, we can just jump off once we've reached a certain altitude!

WGF Air Traffic Control: ...Hold on, that's the command cen—

Beak: I know, that's exactly why I'm—

Her voice is soon garbled and drowned out by the howling wind.

An intense argument is currently taking place in the command center, which is still oblivious to what has just transpired.

It can be heard even through the thick and heavy door.

Military Officer A: You must depart immediately for Moscow!

Military Officer A: This is an order from our superior! You're defying a direct order without a valid reason! Do you want to be dragged in front of a military tribunal?!

Military Officer B: Dozens of take-off requests just came in simultaneously for unstated mission objectives! This deviates from the central authority's customary guideline! I demand that we put in an inquiry to Moscow!

Military Officer A: You're going over the head of your direct superior to make a report?!

Military Officer A: This is treason!

Military Officer A: The Military adheres to a strict chain of command! There is only one thing to do when our superior issues an order, and that is to obey.

Military Officer B: It isn't just a simple border that we are guarding—we are the first line of defense against Europe!

Military Officer B: I must report this to Moscow even at the risk of a dishonorable discharge!

Military Officer B: Two MiGs are already on the way. We must hurry!

Military Officer A: But what about the border?! Are you planning to ignore their request for support?!

Military Officer A: Lieutenant Colonel, we must execute our order immediately!

Military Officer B: If we execute the wrong order, an air force won't be the only thing we lose!

Military Officer B: Instead of arguing ceaselessly here, we should report this as soon as possible.

Military Officer A: We are part of our country's regular army!

Military Officer A: If we have to question our superior over any order that we find dubious, we'll end up calling Moscow about everything!

Military Officer A: Going over our superior's head is also making trouble for the central authority!

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...That's enough!

THUNK!

The sound of a large impact comes from above the command center, and all the military officers immediately draw their sidearms.

The next instant, the door to the command center is opened by a security guard.

This makes no sense, but it does show that whoever is here possesses adequate clearance.

Beak: ...What an intense argument.

Two Dolls walk in through the door.

Guests that are utterly unexpected.

M16A1: ...

M16A1: We are the "Black Boxes" sent here by Statesec. Who's in charge here?

A man steps forward.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Statesec? You're Chief Zelinsky's associates?

M16A1: Beak.

Beak rolls her eyes and flashes her ID to the man.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Apologies. Please state the purpose of your visit.

The officers exchange looks of confusion. They grudgingly stow away the weapons that they've drawn by reflex and return to their own seats.

M16A1: That was quite the... warm welcome we received, but I hope everyone here has calmed down?

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Chief Zelinsky isn't one to make unnecessary moves.

M16A1: That's precisely why I'm here.

M16A1: A Doll can convey a superior's command accurately.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Does the central authority not trust us anymore?

M16A1: They've sent me here to ensure your loyalty—or should I say, to instill some loyalty in you.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Statesec reports directly to the central authority. Your loyalty is obviously unimpeachable.

M16A1: But the same cannot be said about this base.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...We are loyal to the country.

M16A1: Should I reiterate the mandate of the Military?

M16A1: Your loyalties can only lie with the central government.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...

Military Officer A: Lieutenant Colonel! We should not have to declare our loyalty to a mere Doll!

Military Officer B: She has Statesec papers on her!

Military Officer B: Right now she speaks with Statesec's authority, Lieutenant Colonel.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: How are you planning to instill loyalty in us?

The corner of M16's lips curl up faintly.

M16A1: I am going to set up a special hotline.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Won't that be bypassing the military district's jurisdiction?

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Statesec may be under the central authority, but we do not answer to Statesec.

M16A1: You asked how I would instill loyalty in you, and I gave you the answer.

M16A1: But at the end of the day, it is on you to prove your loyalty.

M16A1: Unlike you humans, a Doll like me has no such qualms.

M16A1: This is why Statesec has sent me.

Military Officer A: ...We have received over 20 operation directives at the same time; there's no way for us to tell which are genuine.

Military Officer B: Then the special hotline is the only genuine thing we can trust.

M16 holds the silent Lieutenant Colonel's gaze.

M16A1: This base is hardly the only one that's been thrown into utter disarray, I'm sure.

M16A1: However, Statesec only sent me to this particular one.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...I understand. We will call the special hotline...

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: And obey all commands from the central authority.

M16A1: Then that concludes the first task on my agenda.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...

M16A1: Now for my second task, which marks the true beginning of my actual operation...

M16A1: I need to carry out a secret mission on behalf of Statesec, and I require some support.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Understood.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: I will make the arrangements immediately.

M16 nods at the Lieutenant Colonel and turns to leave the command center.

Operation Aeneas Conference Room.

...Identity verified, please input your login password.

Password accepted. Connecting...

You have successfully logged in to the Operation Aeneas Conference Room.

UMP9: Wow, this meeting venue is super fancy!

M4 SOPMOD II: Well of course! The Commander had this built just for us!

UMP45: I funded half of it.

UMP45: This server is no simple thing. Its security and stability are both guaranteed.

UMP45: You can connect to this conference room even from places with strong signal interference.

UMP45: Most importantly, logged-in Dolls will be able to maintain clear communication.

UMP45: ...The drawback is that it runs on my cache, so if I go down, it'll go down with me. Is anyone gonna reimburse me for all this effort?

RO635: The Commander will make sure you're paid accordingly.

RO635: Now that everyone's logged in, let's all register and test out the server.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright-y!

Task Force Aeneas registration complete for Squad Umbrella and Squad Unicorn.

Online Users 4/12.

M4 SOPMOD II: So "Unicorn" is your codename!

UMP45: A mythical creature, huh... Not bad.

UMP9: 12 slots... It'll be quite the party this time!

RO635: Indeed, this operation is going to be quite challenging.

RO635: Which is why the Commander had this conference room built on such short notice and asked us to run multiple tests.

UMP45: Having experienced so many tragedies caused by comms breakdowns, the Commander must have learned their lesson.

UMP9: Once bitten, twice shy?

Dandelion: Hello everyone on Task Force Aeneas, I am your commander.

Dandelion: Please upload your neural data backup to this link.

RO635: ...You may sound like the Commander, but we can still see your face.

Dandelion: Whoops, my mistake.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why is it you again?! Where's 15? I wanna see her! Let me see 15!

ST AR-15: DAN! DE! LION! GIVE THE COMMAND TABLET BACK!

ST AR-15: Don't mind her, she's just messing around. The Commander is currently away on some business. Let's check our comms.

RO635: That's good to hear.

M4 SOPMOD II: 15!

ST AR-15: I'm still struggling to understand why I'm being left behind for this operation.

RO635: Someone needs to protect Dandelion and the Commander. One of us has to stay behind.

ST AR-15: But we're extremely short-handed! A handful of Dolls are no match for Paradeus' strength!

ST AR-15: 416 and Gr G11 are also here with the Commander while there are only so few of you...

UMP45: Gr G11's neural cloud suffered a lot of damage in the last operation, Dier is giving her remote maintenance.

UMP45: 416 is staying behind to stabilize her neural cloud with Dier's help.

UMP45: So technically, neither of them have the capacity to protect the Commander at the moment.

ST AR-15: I'm just... a bit concerned...

UMP45: Just take care of the Commander. They have a lot to do apart from worrying about things on our end.

ST AR-15: That goes without saying.

RO635: Don't worry, 15. Our mission objective isn't to eliminate enemies; this is meant to be a covert operation.

RO635: We will avoid engaging Paradeus in battle as much as possible and make our objective the priority.

UMP45: This is also why we're keeping our party small. Big numbers won't be an advantage for our infiltration.

UMP45: All members of this group are picked because their skill sets match the mission requirement. The point is to meet the requirement while keeping the group as small as possible.

ST AR-15: ...Fine. Nothing I say will change anything.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Stay safe and make sure you come back.

After some awkward words of encouragement, ST AR-15 hangs up.

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: We certainly will!

UMP45: It's rare to see 15 being so sentimental...

A new figure appears in the conference room.

???: Huh... What is this place?

???: Squad Ferrum signing in.

RO635: S.F. is here? Register over here to confirm your codename and test your connection.

Gager registration complete.

Task Force Aeneas registration complete for Squad Ferrum.

Online Users 6/12.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, why is S.F. sending someone so undependable?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Where's Agent? Or even Alchemist?

Architect: Hey, Miss Knight, look at this mutt badmouthing you to your face!

Gager: ...

Gager: Shut your trap. Now allow me to relay the Commander's instructions.

Architect: Right, perk up your ears and listen up!

Gager: Even though this is mainly a covert operation, the Commander has decided to deploy some mobile heavy ordnance just in case.

Gager: This way, even if we end up in a direct confrontation with Paradeus, we will have enough firepower on our side.

Architect: Which is why I'm here!

Gager: And since nobody wants to be on the same team as this idiot, I will be directing her fire to make sure her shots actually hit our enemies.

Gager: I will also be providing you with some heavy ordnance myself.

Architect: You didn't have to bring that up!

M4 SOPMOD II: Architect sounds super unreliable!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, maybe we really should swap 15 back in?

RO635: ...

Architect: Hey, are you trying to start a fight?!

The lively conference room dissolves into chaos.

In a certain safe house in Berlin.

In an inconspicuous building, Beak is assembling a new motorbike.

Meanwhile, the other Doll in the room is in an encrypted call.

Havier: Well done.

M16A1: Have you intercepted those planes?

Havier: You don't seem too worried about your old boss? Then you must've been in touch with the Commander.

Havier: Don't you fret. The Griffin base may be lost, but Kryuger and the others are still alive.

Havier: If all goes well, you will soon get to meet them in Berlin.

M16A1: Save the small talk. Give me the mission brief.

Havier: The worst-case scenario has been averted and we have you to thank for that.

Havier: But the real mission is only about to begin. Surely a Doll as brilliant as you needs no reminder from me.

M16A1: ...You wouldn't have sent me if all you needed was an errand girl.

M16A1: It isn't M4A1 in that body—but you knew that from the start, didn't you?

Havier: I kindly decline to comment on this.

M16A1: Wily old fox...

Havier: Let's return to the subject, M16.

Havier: We now have the situation under control within the country.

Havier: Everyone will declare their position soon enough.

M16A1: Ha, funny thing, position.

Havier: Things are far more complex than you think. Those old Krauts aren't the only ones we're up against.

Havier: Which reminds me—I gather you're aware of the situation concerning Paradeus?

M16A1: An organization of such scale cannot be completely concealed.

M16A1: They must have received some kind of official sanction.

Havier: Both the frequent local riots and the Fireworks Incident were just the prelude.

Havier: When the first leaf drifts off a branch, fall won't be far behind.

Havier: Your true objective is to find out when exactly "fall" is coming.

M16A1: No one can stop fall from coming.

Havier: But if the weather forecast is accurate, we can all prepare the appropriate clothing to weather the cold.

Havier: The problem started in Moscow, but the solution must be in Berlin.

Havier: Figure out the "timing".

M16A1: ...Alright.

Havier: I will share all the intelligence I have with you.

Havier: By the way, here's a little clue—the mole among us has exposed herself. She may be able to give you some help.

Havier: It's a woman named Nemhran.

Havier: She has already departed from Moscow and is en route to Berlin.

Havier: Follow her. You may learn something unexpected.
Part 3: Secret Watch

3

Stasi HQ, Germany

Thud!

J angrily slams a pile of documents on his desk.

J: This is the 18th already, Schwaben!

J: Are we going to let these bastards continue swanning around like they own the place?!

K: ...Calm down, Kevin.

J: Can't you say anything other than "calm down"?

J: More of our colleagues have died in the line of duty over this past month than in the last five years!

J: And... and we know who's behind it.

K: Mind your words, J. Don't make such casual accusations without evidence.

K calmly gathers the mess of documents before him and takes a deep breath.

K: While adding Tactical Dolls to our ranks was a wise decision, it just can't make up for our lack of numbers... Stop being so reckless.

K: Right now, the most important thing is to do our job.

J: ...But still! Isn't that recording enough?

J: We went through so much to get that evidence!

K: Even if it were real, it could become "fake". And once it's proven to be fake, we'll all be doomed.

K: You know there are thousands of ways that sort of thing could be falsified.

J: ...

After being rebuked by K, J clenches his fists and sits himself back down in his chair, somewhat deflated.

He looks at the files covering the table and rubs his temples, which are aching from stress.

J: What have you been doing lately?

J: Tell me what you can talk about.

K: I've been providing service for the sake of our future missions.

J: Huh? Is there something wrong with your head?

K: Kevin, how long do you think "she" can stay?

J: ...At the rate at which we've been changing our leadership, a year, maybe two?

K: You don't know anything about how to "manage" your superiors at all, do you?

J: Come on, ever since "that incident", the Stasi's already limited authority has been further reduced; we're no different from cops now.

J: Do we even need to manage leadership of that caliber?

K: Should I say you're lacking in brains as well as brawn?

K: She might end up being the longest-serving leader we've had ever since we went from the State Security Service to the Ministry for State Security. I can stake our future on that, at least.

J: Did she dose you with the Kool-Aid or something?

K: We weren't subject to any disciplinary measures after the "Fireworks" incident on Unity Day.

J: Which means? It's not like it was any of our business.

K: You're too clueless. The Stasi is an intelligence apparatus.

K: Ever since "that incident", which set the Stasi's intel work regarding Moscow back by about 20 years, we've been changing leaders every time something happened over there.

J: But you forget—the Stasi was doing much better 20 years ago.

K: ...Think, man, think. Going by precedent, we ought to have been punished again after the "Fireworks" went off on Unity Day.

J: But that woman hasn't been here long, and nobody here has handled a similar case before this.

J: Even if everyone in the agency has differing views, we've still got eyes on each other, right? There's no way anyone could be carrying out a mission we don't know about.

K: Think about it, this is where she showed her true worth.

K: It proves that the higher-ups knew about the "Fireworks" incident, and that she managed to obtain that intel while nobody in the Stasi knew about it.

J: ...

K: And while we had a period of jolly cooperation with the Commander and even managed to obtain info of that level, we haven't gotten any follow-up assignments since.

K: In other words, it wasn't the Commander who contacted her through us. She was the one who used us to work together with the Commander.

K: To be precise, she didn't just communicate with the brass, but also with the peons.

J: ...I have no excuses for what happened at the plant.

K: I'm not blaming you for that.

K: "To sketch a mountain, one must stand on the plains, and to sketch the plains, one must stand on a mountain."

K: She's an ambitious woman.

J: I think I understand your analysis, but what does that have to do with us?

J: ...So what should we do next?

K: Ahem.

After clearing his throat, K retrieves a 20-inch travel case from under his desk.

K: Right now, I have a mission for you.

K: Like you said, we can't keep losing colleagues, otherwise we won't need this office anymore.

J: As you also pointed out, we can't tackle the matter from the source, that it isn't something we can handle.

K: But we CAN attack it from the surface.

K: You should be good at this.

J: ...What does that mean?

K: All we need to do is not lose any more of our people.

K: Allow me to introduce you to your new colleagues.

J: Er...

J watches as K retrieves a file from a folder. He takes it from K and quickly scans through it.

J: Dolls again?

J: And four at once?

K: They're more efficient than human beings.

K: And... as long as nothing major happens, you won't have to worry about more people dying.

J: ...

J: What about Mona? Hasn't she been repaired already?

K: There's something else in store for her—something different from you.

K: She showed just how reliable she was, you know.

J opens his mouth. He looks like he wants to retort, but he can't find the words to say. In the end, he just lowers his head and continues studying the data of the four Dolls.

Inside Romy's office.

Romy: How's the cleanup work going?

???: We've sped things up after the "Fireworks".

???: The situation in Moscow right now is dire; just about every single foreigner in the embassy is under surveillance, and even the delivery boys have at least 40 cameras installed in their homes.

Romy: I haven't received any official requests for agent repatriation yet.

Romy: At the very least, things over there haven't affected things here, and compared to our embedded personnel, their own internal troubles take priority, so be careful when you work.

Romy: We have no grounds to intervene in their internal affairs. The nation's stance is exactly as it appears.

???: Meh, doesn't matter. Besides, we're all "illegals", so even if we get captured, you'll trade for us, right, Boss?

Romy: ...You sound like you're looking forward to three square meals a day in a Moscow prison.

???: Ehhh, the thing is that too many of my colleagues' covers have been blown, so things are really hard for me.

Romy: If you can't do it, then tag out.

Romy: Still, the expat bonus pool is fixed. Do you still need assistance?

???: Is it a matter of bonuses? No, it's a question of ideals!

???: Boss, I have a dream. Only people with dreams ask for overseas assignments. It's true, you gotta believe me.

Romy: Heh.

???: In any case, all I can tell is that those inhuman toys have already been pulled out of Moscow.

Romy: Can you restore their data?

???: That'll be difficult. Their systems' operational efficiency are like heaven and earth compared to the obsolete hunks of junk they have in the agency.

???: Frankly speaking, I'd advise that the Technical Branch bring in more civilian pros or experts.

Romy: Did you find the border crossing info of those weapons?

???: Now this is the strange part, those weapons went through the channels of rebel troops—let's just call them rebel troops for now.

???: How shall I say this, they didn't go through the channels of the Ministry of Construction.

Romy: ...Organize this data. Be as detailed as possible.

At a café in Moscow.

Waiter: Miss, your coffee.

Waiter: And this is the adaptor plug you wanted.

???: Ah, thank you so much.

The waiter looks at the long table that could seat eight, which is now covered with all manner of receipts.

The only one seated there is a petite-looking girl.

Waiter: Pardon me, but what are these?

???: I'm filling out invoices...

???: (Sighs) I can't believe I still need primitive receipts to claim expenses in 2064.

Waiter: Do you need help?

???: No, this pile of stuff concerns my performance evaluation for the rest of the year.
Part 4: Pursuit I

4

...On the German border.

The MCV loaded full of Griffin Dolls drives slowly toward the sunset that is about to melt into the horizon.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, we're about to cross the German border.

Kryuger: How are the Dolls?

Helian: Repair work is progressing steadily, but we'll have to wait for the IOP supplies to arrive before we can replace their bodies.

Helian: The Dolls' morale is stabilized, more or less...

Helian: I'm really not suited to this sort of thing, compared to Kalina.

Kryuger: You've done your best. Have things on Kalina's end been taken care of?

Helian: Yes, she's been successfully transferred and her vital signs are stable.

Kryuger: Good. Now all we have to do is wait.

Helian: I wonder if things are going well on the Commander's side...

Rumble—

The MCV awkwardly brakes in its forward motion.

Kryuger: What's the matter?

Helian: I'll go check. Ingram, come with me.

With Ingram escorting her, Helian exits the MCV.

Several men in Border Guard uniforms are blocking their path.

Border Guard: We are inspectors from the German Bundesgrenzschutz, please show your identification.

Helian: Hello. These are our entry documents.

Helian hands the permits that Zelinsky prepared for them to the inspectors.

The inspectors take turns reading them. Every now and then, one of them steps aside to speak into his communicator for confirmation.

Helian can tell from the change in their facial expressions that something unusual is happening, but she doesn't dare to act rashly.

Border Guard: I'm sorry, but your entry permits are invalid.

Helian: What do you mean?

Border Guard: Miss Helian, Mr. Kryuger, we have just been informed that you are wanted for endangering national security.

Border Guard: You are under arrest. Please refrain from pointless resistance.

MAC10: Get your hands off her!

Helian: Wait!

More Border Guards stream out of the checkpoint. They raise their guns and point them at Helian.

Helian restrains Ingram beside her.

Helian: You have my cooperation, but Mr. Kryuger is injured, and he needs immediate medical attention.

Border Guard: We will arrange for it, naturally.

Helian: Ingram, inform everyone that the repair schedule will proceed as planned. Don't panic and wait for us to return.

MAC10: Miss Helian, they look crooked to me. Are you really going to leave with them?

Helian: We have no choice.

With a sigh, Helian stares down the countless empty black gun muzzles pointed at her and raises her arms.

In the safe house in Berlin.

Commander: ...This isn't what was planned.

Persica: You sound like a kid who received a workbook for Christmas.

The Commander shakes their head and sighs into the communicator... After all that's happened, even something like this isn't enough to alarm the Commander.

Commander: I'll think of a way to deal with this... The Earl should have a solution.

Persica: Probably for the best. I don't want to have to manage an MCV full of Dolls for you...

Commander: How's the progress on the Doll repairs?

Persica: Huuuhhh?! Are you rushing me?

Persica: I came to your base for a vacation... I mean, to be protected!

Persica: Now I'm stuck wandering around with you and you have the gall to rush me?!

Commander: Er... That's not what I meant.

Commander: But I really need backup right now...

The Commander falls silent.

Commander: I need to be able to dispatch a forward expeditionary team.

Commander: But this will be a private operation undertaken without the Earl's permission.

Persica: That's strange.

Persica: So you won't go rescue Ange if you don't get support, money or manpower?

Commander: ...No, I will.

Persica: Then isn't it settled?

Persica: Just do what you want. Why are you putting so much thought into it?

Persica: I drink a cup of coffee when I wake up every morning, but that doesn't mean I need to spend the day working.

Persica: You need to go with your gut and your instincts, whether you're a soldier or a scientist.

Commander: ...

Commander: ...It feels kind of weird to hear you lecturing me about this.

Persica: You're just overthinking things.

Persica: I haven't seen Ange keep a cat yet, so letting her die just like that would be a bit of a shame.

Persica: How about this, I'll send an intellectually-inclined Doll with my new invention to help you out. Don't expect anything else, though, since I've used all the combat-grade parts on them.

Persica: ...Honestly, she's been gone for so long but she's still finding ways to cause me problems.

Commander: Um, thanks.

Persica: Right, is that conference room any good? I didn't have the chance to test it out.

Commander: Uh... hang on, I'll send you the feedback data...

On the outskirts of Berlin, near Bohnsdorf.

The grass is whipped wildly by the wind and the ground is strewn with dried-out rotting corpses.

Olga carefully directs the Nytos in the search with a look of mild disgust on her face.

Black Nyto: Sister Olga... We've cleared up the garbage that spilled out.

Black Nyto: The bodies all had different degrees of damage and the usable blood clots we could extract were very limited.

Olga: Log all the samples you could harvest.

Olga: Have you still not found 10876's body yet?

Black Nyto: No, we haven't. We've examined the blood samples from this region but there are no corpses that match our data.

Black Nyto: Considering how bad the damage is... Can it still be recovered for use?

Olga: How is the instrument probe going?

White Nyto: Big Sister Olga, the production lines here are all inoperable, although we managed to recover samples of 10876's blood from some of the devices.

Olga: That's enough. Her only value now is in that.

Olga: While this experimental batch was a failure, we managed to recover a partial success.

Black Nyto: Yes.

An elongated shadow extends out from the direction of the light. Olga looks up and sees a towering figure.

The cold wind ruffles her cloak and her hair, and though her back is to the light, the gun she is holding is both eye-catching and an eyesore.

Facial recognition scan in progress...

■FILE■ UO7483726405670987, decrypting...

Olga: ...Inform Big Sister Nemhran immediately...

Olga: We've sighted the Griffin T-Doll M16A1.

M16A1: ...

Bam!

M16 grabs Olga's head with her bare hands and slams it into the ground.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran: M16A1... Your reputation precedes you.

M16A1: ...

Nemhran: Are you the M16A1 of the AR Team? Or the M16A1 of Sangvis Ferri Industries?

M16A1: I'm the M16A1 who's going to kill you.

With a bland smile, Nemhran disables her defense module.

In the next moment—there is no further need for conversation—a symphony of explosions and gunshots fills the air.

—Boom!

...

...

...The most skilled hunter is seeking the most delicious prey.
Part 5: Pursuit II

5

M16A1: Got you...!

Nemhran: Haha... So close, M16, but not quite.

Pzzt... Pzzzzt...

M16A1: ...EMI?

Nemhran: I hope we'll get to meet again.

Nemhran: I always offer a warm welcome to brave warriors like you.

M16A1: Tsk... Dammit.

At the moment when M16 was immobilized, Nemhran disappears among the soldiers brought up from the rear.

There is no trace of her.
Part 6: Nike I

6

Outside Paradeus' underground base on the outskirts of Berlin.

M16A1 leans down to inspect the Nyto's corpse lying on the ground. She raises an eyebrow at what she sees.

Vrooooom...

The familiar rumble announces her partner's timely return. Beak swings herself off her bike briskly.

Beak: She got away.

M16A1: ...Doesn't matter.

M16 shakes her head and gets to her feet.

M16A1: Her attacks were very peculiar. Havier's intel failed to mention that.

Beak: I never expected decent intel from people whose intel system is about as secure as a sieve.

Beak: I stayed on the chase for quite a while and only lost her when she started messing around with my navigation system.

M16A1: ...They have even more tricks up their sleeve than we imagined.

Beak: So have you figured out what they're here for?

M16A1: I took a look around inside and found a lot more corpses than stated in the report.

M16A1: If I'm not mistaken, this place might have been used as some sort of "petri dish".

Beak: So I'm actually stepping on countless dead specimens?! Eeeep!

M16A1: Notify the Western Group of Forces and ask for reinforcements. She couldn't have gone far.

M16A1: At the very least, we must find her tracks.

Beak: Do you think those humans can be trusted? Even Havier can't guarantee their loyalty.

M16A1: The situation has changed... Since the incident on Unity Day, everyone must declare their position.

M16A1: Right now, they desperately need to prove their innocence.

Beak: ...

M16A1: What is it?

Beak: ...I'm just thinking that you seem to have changed quite a bit after your neural cloud adjustment.

Beak: You were totally different back in Sangvis Ferri.

M16A1: Maybe you're right.

M16A1: I was pretty preoccupied when I was in S.F.

M16A1: You know, I do envy you. You never seem particularly bothered by anything.

Beak: Is that a roundabout way of calling me an airhead...?

M16A1: I've got to thank them for reverting my neural cloud to how it used to be.

M16A1: I feel so much more like myself—especially when I recall all the stupid things I did in the past.

M16 shrugs. Then she smacks Beak on the shoulder.

M16A1: In any case, it's impossible to turn back the clock.

M16A1: Stop thinking about such nonsense. Let's go.

Beak: ...Humph.

Inside an ordinary apartment in Berlin.

A glamorous-looking woman has cleared the room thoroughly.

After making sure that all traces have been erased, she walks up to the holographic projector reverently and flicks through the empty logs with satisfaction.

Bramedb: Father, our dirty little secrets have all been buried six feet under...

Bramedb: Other than you and me, no one else knows.

Bramedb: This is my...

...

Bramedb: ...

Bramedb's voice comes to an abrupt halt and her respectful demeanor vanishes in the blink of an eye.

She glances at the door with some distaste before hastily turning off the projector and sauntering out into the living room.

Thud!

Sterling: No sign of the target.

Brigitte: Gamma, Delta, search the rooms.

Dagmar: Roger.

Edith: No sign of the target.

Brigitte: ...All records have been purged. We're too late.

Sterling: This is Sterling.

Sterling: The enemy is ahead of us. They've already deserted this hideout. We can't find any useful clues.

J: Tsk... Not again.

J: We just got them by the tail only for them to give us the slip.

Sterling: What do we do now?

J: Leave that place to my subordinates.

J: Make your way here quickly and link up with me.

J: We must ensure the safety of other Stasi folks.

Sterling: Understood.

Call disconnected.

Sterling switches off her earpiece and turns to beckon at her three teammates, whose searches have been equally fruitless.

Sterling: Withdraw.

...

M16 makes a call through a special hotline that has never been used before.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: This is Squad 7094 of the Western Group of Forces, awaiting orders from "Nike".

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Please verify your command authorizations.

M16A1: ...Is this new standard procedure for command handovers?

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Yes, ma'am. Ever since the local garrisons' signal mix-up, all command authorizations must now be confirmed and reinstated.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: If you'd please, ma'am.

M16A1: ...You people are finally showing some caution.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: We're just following orders from the central authority.

M16A1: You don't have to justify yourself.

M16A1: Just get on with it.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Authorization confirmed... Codename: Black Box.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Acting on behalf of Zelinsky's Office.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Confirmed. Command transfer authorized.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Transfer complete. Please give the order, Black Box.

M16A1: Your target is "Nemhran". Data gathered from our last encounter have been transferred to you. She has the ability to interfere with Dolls' systems.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Understood.

M16A1: Search for her on your radars. I've sent you her last-seen coordinates.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Yes ma'am, we will organize a search right away.

M16A1: Good, then I'm leaving this matter to you.

Transmission terminated.

Beak: What now?

M16A1: We catch up, of course... Or it would all be pointless, wouldn't it?

Beak: What a slave driver...

M16A1: Come on.

Beak's motorbike rumbles once more.

...
Part 7: Nike II

7

During this stage, the first move that M16 and her teammate make in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.

Nemhran is very fast. You must reach her before she escapes.
Part 8: "Dead Sea"

    8chevron_right

Neo-Soviet Military Safe House, Berlin.

Click...

Incoming transmission.

Havier: I hope you have good news.

M16A1: Then sorry to disappoint—we lost her in the end.

M16A1: She's more slippery than any of the targets we've tracked before.

Havier: Hm... I've read your report.

Havier: Is this the area where you lost track of her?

M16A1: Yes.

Havier: I'll wait for your follow-up report.

M16A1: Ha.

M16A1: There is a region known as the "Dead Sea" nearby.

M16A1: During WWIII, it was a dumping ground for wartime waste. It is now a land of death and decay that even birds cannot fly across.

Havier: A Black Zone?

M16A1: Without a doubt.

M16A1: It goes without saying that the region is deadly to humans, but even Dolls and mechs cannot stay in there for long.

Havier: ...

Havier: That checks out.

M16A1: Hm?

Havier: We got a name from the internal purge that just happened—"Avernus".

Havier: Very apt, don't you think? The entrance to the underworld. A perfect name for this "Dead Sea".

M16A1: ...I see.

M16A1: Then one must wonder why she'd vanish here.

Havier: I await your good news.

Click.

Transmission disconnected.

...

Angelia: ...

Ange scowls. Having one's hands and feet bound is especially uncomfortable for someone who has the habit of chewing their nails.

Snap.

Snap.

Snap.

The bright lights suddenly start going out one after the other in the distance.

The ominous snaps seem to be heralding the approach of some unknown being. They echo incessantly around the spacious room, drumming against her heart.

Angelia: ...Pointless theatrics.

...Once Ange gets over the initial shock, she is completely unfazed.

To be fair, even if she were fazed, there's nothing she could do about it.

Angelia: (Exhales)

Everything falls silent around her.

Snap.

A beam of dazzling light shines upon Ange, illuminating the inside of her eyelids to a soft pink even through her blindfold.

She senses an unfamiliar presence not too far away, but she is completely immobilized. Other than her mouth, she can't move a single muscle.

???: ...

Angelia: Who's there?

Ange asks tentatively but receives no answer—which only cements her speculation.

Still... even though she expected the meeting to take place, she did not anticipate the fact that he would appear before her in the flesh.

???: Nice to meet you, Angelia.

William?: I am the one you've been searching for. You may call me William.

Angelia: ...

...It is the voice of an adolescent with telltale signs of breaking.

Ange can't help but furrow her brow.

He didn't even bother to distort his own voice—is he too self-confident... or does he have no intention of letting her go?

Or perhaps...

No, the most astonishing thing is his youth. He is so young—he's practically a child.

Angelia: That's not your real name.

William?: Why does it matter?

William?: It's just a form of address, a pseudonym. You can call me by something else if you like, I don't mind.

William?: After all, that's not the point... The point is the reason why I've invited you here, Angelia.

William?: I wish to have a simple conversation with you.

Angelia: ...Is this your so-called "simple conversation"?

Ange strains against her binds forcefully but cannot achieve so much as a twitch.

William?: Indeed. I'm afraid this is a necessary precaution to ensure that we can converse in a fair manner.

Angelia: Fair my fucking ass... Are you that afraid I'll bash your skull in?

William?: You're mistaken, Angelia... I'm not doing this to protect myself, but to protect you.

William?: You want to kill me, and that's no secret.

William?: But I must ask you—what exactly is your motive? Are you doing this for vengeance? Or for your meager sense of justice?

Angelia: You think I'm after you for some petty revenge?

Angelia: How many people have died because of you? If my sense of justice is meager, then nothing in the world is substantial.

William?: Alright, alright, Champion of Justice.

William?: But has it ever occurred to you that I'm simply an arms dealer?

William?: Even if I hadn't created these weapons, people would still slaughter each other—even with stones and clubs.

Angelia: You sure make it sound as if you're not to blame.

Angelia: But the fact remains—so long as you're alive, the world will take a turn for the worse.

William?: No, the fact is even if you succeed—even if William is dead and Paradeus disbands... how will that change anything?

William?: Am I really the culprit who plunged the world into misery in the first place?

Angelia: So this is what you "invited" me for? To listen to your pathetic justification?

William?: Wonderful... You're hurling insults now, which means we can begin our discussion in earnest.

William?: Because you have run out of arguments to make, isn't that right?

Angelia: ...

William?: You know full well, don't you, Angelia?

William?: You know that I am not the cause of the sickness that plagues the world.

William?: It is the power structure of the world... those who are at the steering wheel right now.

William?: They are the true source of the poison.

Angelia: ...

William?: Someone comes to mind, right?

William?: Those people, those politicians, they have the world in the palm of their hand, but all they care about is their self-interests.

William?: If you are so righteous, why do you cry foul at a scientist like me, yet choose to overlook those people?

William?: Is that what you call "justice"?

Angelia: I don't see you filled with such righteous indignation as you flirt with those politicians and hand them the butcher's knife.

William?: Now that's how we are different from each other, Angelia.

William?: Our aim is actually one and the same. We're just using different methods—you resort to guns, while I go with research.

William?: We have both taken many lives along the way... Yes, I do admit that was wrong.

William?: But this wrongness is the very proof that this world requires change.

William?: I am a creator. I am creating a power that is capable of changing the status quo.

William?: That's on a whole different level from putting bullets in the heads of a few inconsequential goons.

William?: Only when we possess this power will we have what it takes to do what is right.

William?: When that time comes, Angelia, think about it...

William?: Who has the right to wield such power?

Angelia: Not you for sure.

William?: But who else can create this power?

William?: ...I can bring this power into existence, then bestow it upon someone who deserves it.

William?: What do you think, Ange?

William?: Do you wish to possess this power?

Angelia: ...

This isn't an invitation, but a screening. A test to find those with enough greed and ambition to make a worthy candidate.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Ha, absolute power, eh?

William?: Absolute power, indeed...

...

......

Avernus.

The ritual begins as the first ray of sunlight shines upon Avernus.

Black Nyto: Two suns, each illuminating a path.

White Nyto: The path of the mundane world, and the path of the merciful Father.

Black/White Nyto: Sanctum turned into the Devil's pit, the scales into an alter, drenched in sinners' blood.

Black/White Nyto: Each Fury with her nails was tearing at her breast; they smote them with their hands, and cried so loud.

...

Nemhran: When half way through the journey of our life,

Nemhran: Through this Heaven and Hell art we led,

Nemhran: Thou wast made before I unmade.

Nemhran: The anguish thou art in perchance withdraws thee from my memory.

Nemhran: We shall be together, in neither Heaven nor Hell, neither cursed nor redeemed. I did not die, nor yet remained alive.

...

Nemhran: ...

Black Nyto: Big Sister Nemhran, Father is looking for you.

Nemhran: Alright.

Nemhran: Olga...

Nemhran: Give me this file when I'm back.

Olga: Yes, Sister.

...

......

After a soft "ding", Nemhran strolls out of the elevator.

She walks up to the room ahead with her head lowered, then pushes open the door reverently as she utters a cheerful greeting.

Nemhran: ...Felicitations, Father.

Nemhran: Everything is according to plan.

Nemhran: Now the whole world shall hear your voice.

William?: ...

After a long silence, the figure in the shadow finally responds.

William?: ...Have the old men finally taken notice?

Nemhran: Yes, Father. They can no longer overlook your power.

William?: ...They live like a pack of hyenas, yet they claim superiority over others.

William?: They plot and scheme for the sake of pointless influence, but haven't the faintest concern for the future of the world.

Nemhran: You will soon possess influence.

William?: No, Nemhran, all I need is power.

William?: Between power and political intrigue, they will only submit to power in the end.

William?: Whoever holds more power than anyone else can make the whole world listen to anything they say.

Nemhran: Your power will become the key to changing the world.

William?: With power comes struggle, strife, as well as check-and-balance.

Nemhran: Then in the new world, both destruction and rebirth are for you to decide.

William?: ...Haha, I can't wait to see the face he'll make.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran closes her eyes.

Her report has come to an end, but she can't leave just yet.

After a brief pause, she slowly lifts her face and takes off her mask.

William?: ...Come here.

As if some switch has been flipped, the voice in the shadow suddenly grows a lot more tender.

She calmly sits down at the dining table and looks down at an extravagant meal served on exquisite silverware.

All the dishes are unfamiliar to her, but she knows that she will enjoy them very much.

Nemhran: Time for a prayer.

William?: ...Through me you pass into the city of woe,

William?: Through me you pass into eternal pain,

William?: Through me among the people lost for aye.

Nemhran: ...Luci.

Her gaze is soft and affectionate.

It is directed at a holographic specter in the corner of the room.

Lunasia: ...

William?: ...

Nemhran: ...Justice the founder of my fabric mov'd,

Nemhran: To rear me was the task of power divine,

Nemhran: Supremest wisdom, and primeval love.

Nemhran and the figure both close their eyes and clasp their hands together in a gesture of prayer at the same time.

William?: Before me things create were none, save things eternal,

William?: And eternal I endure.

Lunasia: ...

The prayer resounds throughout the dining room.

Like all other families, they are gathered at the dining table, reciting verses of praise.

Nemhran: ...We shall be together, in neither Heaven nor Hell, neither cursed nor redeemed. I did not die, nor yet remained alive.

Lunasia: ...Love led us to one life.

Lunasia: Love led us to one death.

Some indistinct murmurs can be heard coming from the direction of that figure. After the prayer, Nemhran opens her eyes and finds herself meeting the gentle gaze of the person sitting before her.

Nemhran: ...You are very close to victory.

William?: I will have victory for sure... Mother.

The figure picks up their cutlery in unconcealable joy and starts slicing up their beef impatiently the moment they finish the prayer. The silver knife scrapes the plate periodically.

Nemhran: You are about to change the world.

William?: Only I and I alone can save you.

William?: You, and you... My dear sister.

Nemhran: Yes... Luci agrees.

Lunasia: ...

William?: Just a little longer... Sister.

William?: Soon... I will make those madmen pay.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran silently beholds the curious scene.

This is her special duty, as well as her very purpose.

...

......

...

Olga: ...Big Sister Nemhran.

The elevator door opens and Nemhran strolls out from within.

Her mask is now dangling on her fingers, her face dazed.

Upon hearing Olga, she turns her head robotically and locks her eyes sharply on the Nyto.

Nemhran: What is your name?

Olga: Pardon?

Nemhran: I asked you your name.

Olga: Olga... You bestowed this name on me yourself.

Nemhran: Olga...

Nemhran nods thoughtfully.

Nemhran: Did I ask you to stand guard here?

Olga: Yes.

Nemhran nods again and walks up to her.

Nemhran: Then you must have something to give me.

Olga: ...I do.

Despite feeling a little confused about Nemhran's strange behavior, Olga still hands over the file in her hands deferentially.

Nemhran takes it and starts flipping through it without a word.

Sync data...

Syncing...

Synchronization complete...

Nemhran: Hm...

Half a second later, Nemhran closes the file with a nod.

Olga: Big Sister Nemhran...

Nemhran: ...Olga.

Olga: Huh...?!

Nemhran: You've done well.

Olga's eyes widen as Nemhran's cold face becomes the last thing they see.

Thud.

Her corpse falls heavily on the floorboards. She never knew what she'd done wrong until the very end.

...Which is only natural, since she had not actually done anything wrong.

Nemhran: ...Time to get to work.

Nemhran tosses the torn up file onto Olga's body, then strides towards the exit.

The dazed expression has vanished from her face.

Her memories of everything up until the moment when she met Father have returned.

As they have countless times before.

Loading...

■FILE■ NUSSR/DDR, decompressing...

■FILE■ AS, importing...

Inside Paradeus' temporary base.

A tall and slender Nyto walks slowly up to a T-Doll, who seems to be asleep. She utters a greeting.

Gray: Hello, Pandora.

RPK-16: ...

The next second, RPK-16's eyes snap open.

RPK-16: Hello, Mrs. Gray.

RPK-16: What an unexpected visitor. I didn't think you'd remember me.

Gray: I have no time for such nonsense.

RPK-16: That's understandable.

RPK-16: So, do you have a new job for me?

Gray: Count yourself lucky. We are ready to keep our end of the bargain.

RPK-16: Oh?

RPK-16 smiles faintly with narrowed eyes.

Gray: We're leaving Berlin for the time being.

Gray: Someone will escort you to our base.

RPK-16: Your base...

Gray: That's right, our actual base.

Gray: From now on, you are officially one of us, Pandora.

Gray: Rejoice.

RPK-16: You've kept me waiting long enough.

RPK-16 blinks and promptly gets to her feet.

...

On the border of the Neo-Soviet Union, several days after the Fireworks Incident.

Inside a safe house in St. Petersburg, Neo-Soviet Union.

A middle-aged man with a thin face leans back into his chair. His fingers are interlaced in front of him as he quietly regards the other man standing before him.

That man is the secret agent assigned to keep an eye on the St. Petersburg Military Sector HQ and also a special dispatch from Statesec's Second Main Directorate.

HQ Secret Operative: These are the personnel files for all the members of the St. Petersburg Military Sector HQ.

HQ Secret Operative: I've already highlighted their border entry and exit status.

Dupieux: We are very grateful for HQ's support.

The lean man nods slightly, but as he reaches out to accept the offered files, the officer before him places a hand on them.

The man looks at him and exerts a bit more force, but the other man does not let go.

Dupieux: We will handle this in an appropriate manner and expedite the authentication and sharing process.

HQ Secret Operative: ...Mr. Dupieux.

The hand pressing down on the documents does not slacken off in any way. The officer looks unflinchingly at Dupieux.

HQ Secret Operative: When does your department intend to release the Military Sector personnel who were detained?

Dupieux: ...I fear you have misunderstood something, Mister.

Dupieux looks at the man with a slight frown before finally pulling his hand back and leaning back into his chair. He interlaces his fingers and twiddles his thumbs thoughtfully.

Dupieux: It is not Statesec which will be performing a thorough investigation on the personnel involved in the Fireworks Incident, but Central.

Dupieux: I trust I don't need to remind you of your Sector's disappointing performance during such a momentous event.

HQ Secret Operative: ...We have reflected deeply upon our negligence, which is why we need more manpower to reorganize ourselves now.

Dupieux: I believe that everyone in the Sector understands exactly how gravely the central authority views the mismanagement.

HQ Secret Operative: I understand Central's decision and I am willing to cooperate fully with whatever they intend.

HQ Secret Operative: But that doesn't mean Statesec can just interfere with the Military's personnel arrangements, Mr. Dupieux.

HQ Secret Operative: We need to function normally first.

Dupieux: We are here to ensure that all arrangements make sense. We are certainly not here to cause difficulty for our comrades...

Dupieux: However, this process will take time.

Dupieux raises his chin slightly to interrupt the other man's reply. His voice is filled with unshakeable conviction.

Dupieux: The earlier chaos in your Sector was a major setback for Central during a critical moment.

HQ Secret Operative: It was only a few PMCs, Central should think about their comrades.

HQ Secret Operative: We have a few opportunists among us, but we can take care of them.

Dupieux: I'm afraid you cannot, Mister.

HQ Secret Operative: What do you mean?

Dupieux: That is because three members of the investigation team you arranged were culprits behind the disturbance.

Dupieux: If you don't even know who can be trusted, how do you expect to solve this problem?

HQ Secret Operative: ...

Dupieux: I sincerely hope that the various members of your Sector can have faith in the organization.

HQ Secret Operative: ...Understood.

Dupieux: I will update you on the situation once we make some progress.

Dupieux: Right now, we do not know exactly how many of the loopholes in our system have been exploited by the enemy.

Dupieux: That is why I have been asked by the central authority to establish a new insider network within the Sector.

Dupieux: After extensive research and debate that lasted through the night, our professionals have proposed a new system.

Dupieux spreads his arms and leans forward a little before taking the documents. This time, he is not impeded.

At the same time, the assistant standing beside him offers another set of documents.

Dupieux: We hope to see the new system up and running within 48 hours.

Dupieux: In addition, we hope that it will substitute the old, broken system... I trust you understand my meaning when I say there is no need to repair a broken net.

HQ Secret Operative: ...

After a brief moment of silence, the man nods and accepts the documents from Dupieux's assistant before turning to leave the room.

Dupieux turns to the side and regards his assistant with a half-smile.

Dupieux: We're more like mediators than counterintelligence agents.

Assistant: They're too afraid to doubt Central.

Assistant: So they're taking their anger out on us.

Dupieux: ...What a joke. Do they think that they can say anything to us that won't make it to Central's ears?

Dupieux: Never mind that. How's our investigation going?

Assistant: Very well, but we still need more time.

Dupieux: I hear the people on the border are acting up.

Assistant: Moscow is trying to resolve these issues right now.

Dupieux rubs his chin, and his fingers start drumming the table.

Dupieux: I have absolute faith in Central's abilities.

Dupieux: As for the foolish actions of these people in attempting to shake the Motherland... All I can say is that it's a shame.

Assistant: ...The great will of the Motherland is beyond question.

Click.

Just as Dupieux is making a great show of his regret, the communicator by his hand suddenly rings.

His fingers freezes mid-motion. The assistant immediately understands his cue. With a quick bow, he takes the documents and vacates the office.

After ensuring that he is alone in the office, Dupieux adjusts his collar before finally putting the call through.

Dupieux: This is Dupieux of the First Main Directorate.

Secretary: This is Zelinsky's office. I am Andrea, the secretary. Salutations, Colonel Dupieux.

Dupieux: Many thanks, Madam Andrea. I will now report on my progress.

Dupieux: The matter is proceeding very well. We have removed at least 70% of the reactionaries within the Military Sectors, and this figure is constantly rising.

Dupieux: There are no impediments to the implementation of the new system and we will reach completion within 72 hours.

Secretary: Congratulations, Colonel Dupieux. Central will not forget your efforts.

Secretary: In truth, that is why this office has chosen to contact you at this time.

Dupieux: Oh?

Dupieux unconsciously straightens up in his seat.

Dupieux: ...May I inquire as to the meaning of that?

His tone is formal and all his prior smugness is gone. Even alone, he acts as though he is hanging on to every word to come.

Secretary: Central wishes to acknowledge your outstanding contributions over the past year of work.

Secretary: After careful consideration, you have been appointed as the vice-chairman of the Committee's Bureau.

Secretary: Your appointment takes effect immediately. Please return to Moscow within three days to present yourself for duty.

Dupieux: ...I am deeply grateful for Central's approval. I will move without delay.

Secretary: We look forward to hearing from you.

The transmission ends.

Dupieux: ...

Dupieux cracks his finger joints. He is not delighted or excited as one might expect.

His eyes narrow as he contemplates in silence.

Dupieux: Zelinsky... What are you up to?

His long years of espionage and counterintelligence work allow him to remain calm in such a situation. He knows very well that this is entirely unprecedented.

Dupieux: All of Moscow is in upheaval after the Fireworks Incident, and they're transferring me at a time like this?

Dupieux: ...They're promoting me at this juncture, without the need to hand over my work.

Dupieux: Are they trying to get me out of St. Petersburg?

Dupieux: Or do they want me back in Moscow?

Dupieux: Is this a future prospect... or a trap...?

Dupieux rises from his desk and grabs his coat. After typing up a quick reply to Zelinsky's office on his computer, he leaves in a rush.

...

Dupieux's footsteps are hurried. He is now only one street away from his apartment.

Dupieux: ...Hm?

He narrows his eyes and keeps his gaze pointed forward, but he glances at the security in front of his apartment out of the corner of his vision.

He clearly remembers that the camera was facing the road; it was a perfectly ordinary traffic camera.

But the camera lens has been turned 90 degrees, and is now directly pointed at the entrance of his apartment block.

Dupieux: ...

Still feigning ignorance, Dupieux looks both ways before crossing the road, making a show of checking for oncoming traffic.

Dupieux: Shifting the angle of the security camera... These methods are very familiar.

His face is the picture of calm as he crosses the road without ever making direct eye contact with the camera.

After entering the apartment building, he pretends he didn't notice the cleaner who's been replaced and warmly greets the concierge before taking the elevator to his floor and arriving before the door to his apartment.

Dupieux: ...

He inserts his key into the keyhole, and the lock's mechanism clicks in response.

No matter how advanced technology gets, Dupieux insists on using the most traditional mechanical locks.

The reason for that is simple—once they've been used, they leave signs behind.

Dupieux: The lock is fine... but that's the biggest problem.

Dupieux: They've done something to the lock...

Dupieux: ...My cover's been blown...

Dupieux enters the room with calm nonchalance and dumps his coat on the bed.

He packs a change of clothing, then pulls out his communicator and contacts his assistant.

While sitting on the bed, he goes through a list of essential items like passport, visas and so on, looking perfectly relaxed as he does so.

Dupieux: Hello? Miss Rita? Yes, it's me.

Dupieux: Help me schedule a flight heading back to Moscow for tomorrow... No, make that in an hour.

Dupieux: I need to return to Central on urgent business. I'll be taking a shower, so send a car over to pick me up in 20 minutes.

He leisurely stuffs an unfinished book into his suitcase and even makes time to put on the kettle.

???: The target will be repositioning in 20 minutes. ETA Moscow Airport in four hours.

???: Things are going well. No abnormalities detected in the target.

???: Stick to the plan and don't alarm him.

???: Continue in accordance with Ordinance 13.

Dupieux puts down the glass of hot tea he's holding and enters the bathroom.

There are still 20 more minutes... He needs to get out of here immediately, by tonight. There isn't a moment to delay.

A transmission makes its way out through a certain encrypted channel—

I need to leave the Soviet Union immediately. Requesting assistance and political asylum from the "Evangelist".
Part 2: Cangue Breaking

2

There are EMP grenades in the tunnel. They can be used to paralyze enemies and keep them from moving. Please make appropriate use of these items while clearing the stage.
Part 3: Wheelrut

3

Knock knock.

K: Director, I've obtained a vital lead regarding the "Dreambox" case.

Romy: ...Yes, we need to act before the opposition does.

Romy: I don't want excuses, only results.

Inside the Director's office, Romy frowns and looks unhappily at K as the latter barges in.

K realizes what he's done and makes to back out, but then Romy raises a hand to stop him.

Romy: If you can't do it, find someone else who can.

Romy: The Stasi doesn't pay wage thieves.

Click.

The transmission ends.

Romy: ...

K: ...

K: ...Director?

Romy: Report your findings.

K: Yes, ma'am.

K: Tallinn, Bohnsdorf, the orphanage... I've finished indexing and compiling the background information, approval documents and related records for all these locations which were involved in Paradeus' "product".

K: We have reason to believe that these places are not where their real lair is.

K: The most direct reason for that is because the research environments of these locations could not have produced "products" of Gray and Bramedb's grade.

K: I've checked the Stasi internal archives. None of our people have handled the "raw material" provisions side of things, but upon closer examination, their procedures are very comprehensive.

K lays the documents in front of Romy.

K: While they're not on the scale of a prohibited laboratory, these places all have underground facilities to a certain extent, including Galatea Corporation's own properties.

K: Just applying for public works approval is a long process in itself.

K: ...If there are no surprises, these ought to be enough to explain the situation.

K: R&D work on the high-end Nytos and the cores of the Boxes of Iaso was conducted elsewhere. Such a vast undertaking would require extensive facilities, ample space and personnel. There's no way they could have gotten all of that without leaving traces behind.

K: I've looked into the relevant pharmaceutical and high-precision equipment manufacturers as well as their import/export logs.

K: ...While some of the documents were with their engineering departments and I could not obtain them, there is one thing of which I can be sure.

K: They are most definitely located in Berlin... and that is where the problem lies.

K: I've combed all of Berlin but I couldn't find a single trace of them.

K: There are no suspicious buildings and satellite imagery could not find anything problematic in any undeveloped areas.

K: That's as far as our investigation has gotten... I sincerely apologize.

Romy: ...

Romy silently studies the reports K has placed on her desk. Without saying a word, she takes out her cigarette case. She places the black filter to her lips, then produces a silver lighter from one of her pockets.

Romy: ...You've checked them all?

K: I have. I'm certain we haven't missed anything.

Romy: Haven't you?

Holding her cigarette between her thumb and forefinger, Romy exhales a cloud of smoke and lightly taps the lit end on her glass ashtray to dislodge the ashes.

Romy: How about this place?

She indicates "a certain region" on the map.

K: ...The "Dead Sea"?

K looks at Romy in surprise.

Romy: It's been abandoned for years, and its radiation intensity has remained high all this time, so it's been regarded as an irrecoverable "Black Zone".

Romy: No map will contain any details on its contents, even military-grade maps.

K: ...But like you said, it's a Black Zone.

K: Nobody can go in there... Not even Dolls could function normally in such a place, to say nothing of human beings.

Romy: We're not talking about human beings, but a pile of "corpses", Schwaben.

Romy: Don't you think it would be a natural lab for Paradeus?

K: ...

Romy: Besides... think about it this way. Technology is constantly advancing.

Romy: Perhaps someone managed to solve the problem you mentioned, or say, a group of people who are devoted to radiation research.

K: ...So you expected something like this.

K: Since you knew the answer from the beginning, why did you have me investigate?

Romy: Only a moron would blindly believe what they see.

Romy: Why limit yourself to just one option?

K: So that's what they mean when they say a true chessmaster doesn't make a single masterstroke...

Romy: I've already shared this information with the Commander.

Romy: You'll be responsible for helping Operation Aeneas come to fruition after this.

K: ...Understood.

K: Wait... We'll be assisting someone else?

Romy: We need a stiletto to thrust into the heart of the enemy.

Romy: ...But it should preferably be wielded by someone else.

K: I understand... I'll make sure not to get too involved.

K pauses, then with a nod, he turns to leave the office.

After K is gone, Romy leans her chin on one hand and raps idly on her desk before gazing quietly at the documents sitting on it.

...

Broadcast: ...Sources indicate that the large-scale armed conflict on the Soviet border was precipitated by a reactionary organization.

Broadcast: Following approval by the Berlin government, large quantities of Soviet refugees will be crossing the German border and some of them will be housed within Berlin City.

Broadcast: Berlin's citizens have voiced bitter protest against this and many refugees have joined their movement. According to what is known, the protesters' demands are...

Click.

After reaching out to turn off the radio broadcast, Romy taps her ear mike with one hand while holding the steering wheel with the other.

Romy: Sterling? Brigitte?

Sterling: Present.

Brigitte: At your service.

Romy nonchalantly glances into her rear view mirror.

Four black motorcars are following her without bothering to conceal themselves.

Romy: As we predicted, they're about to make their move.

Romy: I need a pickup. Also, compute the best route for me.

Sterling: Processing. We'll meet you at Fallback Point A.

Sterling: We've sent the quickest route to your vehicle terminal.

Bangbangbang—!!

Screech—

Romy: Tsk!

Romy turns the wheel and pivots the car before glancing into her rear view mirror again.

A man has emerged from the car's sunroof. He is holding a compact submachine gun and is hosing her car down in the middle of the street without any hesitation whatsoever.

Romy: ...

There are four cars and 15 men altogether. She has no chance at all in a stand-up firefight. No matter what, she has to hold out until she can rendezvous with the Dolls.

Romy: Speaking of which... are you REALLY sure I can reach the fallback point safely?

Sterling: ...I swear it upon my honor. These people will not pose a threat to you.

Romy glances at the route displayed on the terminal, then hits the brakes, causing the vehicle to fishtail wildly as it comes about.

Using this opening, she takes aim at her pursuers and accurately puts a bullet into the skull of the assassin leaning out of the sunroof.

Immediately after that, she eases off the brakes and steps on the gas, causing the vehicle to lurch forward swiftly on a new heading.

Sterling: Alert! New targets at 3 o'clock!

Brigitte: Alert! New targets at 9 o'clock!

Romy: ...Are you two parroting each other or something?

While she's still thinking—

A racing black shadow charges through the other side of the cross junction she's passing through and slams into her vehicle like a thunderbolt.

It is a heavy cross-country vehicle, and considering it was going fast enough to trigger alerts, Romy's vehicle flips end over end through the air, grinding along the road before crashing into a grocery store display window and coming to a halt.

The car's side door is visibly sunken in, and the empty front axle is still spinning wildly.

...

The cars chasing Romy soon catch up to her, and the vehicles fan out to enclose Romy's vehicle in their midst.

Several black-clad assassins dismount with crisp, efficient movements, chambering rounds in their weapons as they move up to approach Romy's vehicle.

It finally grows still. The car, whose frame was deformed by the collision, is embedded into the grocery store, with only its base is showing. The punctured fuel tank leaks petrol, which pools into a puddle on the pavement.

Assassin: ...

The assassins swiftly approach the vehicle, but as they draw close and verify the situation inside the car, they are shocked to realize that there is nobody inside.

Romy: ...Humph.

Rattle, rattle, rattle...

A snort comes from the shadows inside the grocery store, followed by a grenade tumbling into the pool of gas under the leaking fuel tank.

BOOM!!!

The sparks from the explosion ignite the car's gas tank, and the ensuing fireball consumes the assassins and the grocery store.

Meanwhile, Romy is thrown through the broken glass windows by the force of the explosion and rolls into the alley behind the store.

Sterling: Still alive?

Romy: So much for your "honor".

Sterling: Don't relax just yet. There are two more teams nearby.

Sterling: Please proceed to the appointed location ASAP.

Romy: The car's gone, so I'll have to proceed on foot.

Romy: Compute a new route for me.

As Romy hurries down the alley, wave after wave of noise reaches her ears. It almost drowns out the sound of her communicator.

Romy: Why is it so noisy anyway?

Brigitte: There is a large refugee protest up ahead.

Brigitte: Recomputing a route for you!

Romy: No need!

Bang!

Romy: Tsk!

Bang!

Bang!

After returning a shot to the people behind her, Romy slicks her hair back and casually ties it up, then changes her magazine with practiced skill.

Romy: This hairstyle is really inconvenient.

She can already see the refugees in front of her.

The distorted sounds are now becoming clear.

Refugee: ...Protest! We oppose the jingoists invading our homes!

Refugee: We oppose the Soviets taking our land!

Romy: ...Why are they doing this?

Brigitte: According to the protesters, they're against the government's decision to shelter the Soviet refugees...

Romy: How "unfortunate"...

Romy: Wait a minute, are they talking about PMCs like Griffin?

Sterling: Yes, look out behind you!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Romy: ...A refugee protest?

After getting behind cover, Romy chucks a tear gas canister out behind her—in the cramped alley, any pursuers will need to pass through the gas cloud in order to get to her.

Soviet refugees... Could that be—

Romy: I'll reach the fallback point in 15 minutes.

Romy: Also, send me a diagram of the route Griffin is taking into the country.

—Oberstein's enemy was never the Stasi. Everything he did was pointing to the same target.

Sterling: Got it! We'll be there right away!

Bang!

Romy: Your "right away" had better be reliable— Tsk! See you at the fallback point!

Romy: We'll talk once we've taken care of this lot!

Sterling: Roger!
Part 4: Lurking I

4

During this stage, the first move that Romy's squad makes in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.
Part 5: Lurking I (Again)

5

Friendly reinforcements have arrived. During this stage, the first two moves that the Statesec agents make in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.
Part 6: Lurking II

6

Bang!

Romy: —!

Her magazine is empty.

Romy hefts her gun in her hand. She doesn't even need to check; its weight already makes that fact abundantly clear.

The blood gushing from a cut on her forehead is slowly obscuring her vision—the crash must've been more severe than she expected.

Romy: (Pants)

She stumbles out of the alley and staggers into an open construction site.

Bang!

With no cover to shelter her, a bullet hits the ground beside her leg.

Assassin: ...

There were over a dozen assassins at the outset, but now only four of them remain, doggedly pursuing her.

They aren't much better off than Romy, and their wretched state is a clear sign of the price one would have to pay to pursue a Stasi agent.

But right now, they have bullets, and Romy does not.

Romy: Where's that backup I keep hearing all these stories about?!

Sterling: ...

Brigitte: Head forward and don't look back.

Romy: Can I even trust you...

Romy breathes a sigh of relief as she hears her comrades, but just as she's about to head forward...

...A cold gun muzzle is pressed against the back of her head.

An unfamiliar yet cold male voice addresses her, accompanied by palpable bloodlust.

Assassin: Freeze.

Romy: ...You've got to be kidding me.

Romy reflexively puts her hands in the air.

However, she immediately realizes that it's pointless—the opposition isn't trying to take her alive.

She closes her eyes and holds her breath. She can almost hear the assassin slowly pulling the trigger.

Just as she hears the gunshot...

Assassin: ...

Bang—!!

As the shot rings out, hot blood drenches the back of Romy's neck. The metallic sensation at the back of her head is also gone.

A mighty impact has disintegrated the man's gun hand. Fresh blood and the pistol both fly into the air.

Assassin: Huh...?

Assassin: Huh...ah? AHHHHHH!!!!

The man doesn't even realize what has happened right away.

Then he realizes that his dominant hand is missing, and he needs no further encouragement to scream piteously.

Assassin: It's an ambush! We've been amb...?!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The three people behind him immediately realize what's going on and raise their guns.

Romy doesn't give them a chance; she picks up the gun on the ground and swiftly pulls the trigger.

As their colleague screams, they don't even have the chance to put up any resistance before going down amidst a series of gunshots, becoming silent corpses on the ground.

Romy: Next time...

She quietly exhales.

Romy: ...Would you mind being a bit quicker about it?

Sterling: Targets silenced.

Sterling: Mission accomplished.

Sterling and Brigitte emerge from the shadows. Their weapons are still hot.

Romy: I almost died back there.

Brigitte: But you're still alive, aren't you?

Romy: So it's just the two of you? Where are the others?

Romy: God, I miss Mona so much...

Romy: I once had a truly reliable teammate in front of me.

Romy: I didn't cherish her enough, and now I'm regretting it.

Edith: We're some distance off, we'll regroup with you ASAP.

Edith: And quit complaining, Miss Mona's busy too!

Dagmar: Manpower is tight at Statesec, we hope you understand.

Edith: He's just annoyed that it's us.

Edith: Even though he's so pathetic-looking himself...

Romy: Is this how you treat a colleague?!

Edith: The heck? We take orders from Miss Romy, not you.

Edith: Wait, don't tell me you're hooked on impersonating her...

Edith: Agent J?

J: ...Well, I must stay in character until the end of the performance.

Sterling: ...That's enough, the mission isn't over yet.

Sterling: If there are no surprises, there should be at least another half dozen murder attempts coming up.

J: ...This has to be the worst mission I've ever been given.

J: BAR NONE!

...

The Commander contacts K near the landing strip.

K: You're at the airport already? How was your trip?

Commander: A little bumpy, but alright.

Commander: More importantly, how are Mr. Kryuger and the others doing?

K: I checked, those weren't MOD documents.

K: My guess is that they were still traumatized by that big disturbance last time and they're going after you specifically. Once you pretend to "leave Berlin" as planned, my guess is that they won't encounter any trouble.

Commander: Got it. I'll escort the General to Frankfurt, as planned.

K: Have you finished putting together your spec ops team?

Commander: ...The opposition hasn't made a move yet, but I'm worried we won't have enough time.

K: ...If they didn't do anything, you wouldn't be able to bear it.

Commander: Yeah.

The Commander sounds a little restless through the comm.

K: Relax, we'll have a chance.

Commander: I know.

The Commander sighs.

K: You DO know why Miss Romy entrusted the task of escorting the General to you, right?

Commander: Yes, and I won't let her down.

Commander: Given my status, completing this mission implies that the Griffin base will come under the General's protection.

K: Yeah. Hang on, I'll give you command authority over Squad Nitrogen.

K: Good luck.

Commander: ...?!

Commander: ...You're going to directly transfer a Stasi Doll squad's command permissions to me?

Commander: Isn't this a bit much?

K: Relax, this is also what Miss Romy wanted.

K: We're sincere about this collaboration, and this is a portion of our sincerity.

Commander: ...Please give Miss Romy my thanks.

Commander: And also...

ST AR-15: Commander.

Commander: Hm?

Just then, ST AR-15 suddenly interrupts the Commander's transmission.

ST AR-15: They're here.

Commander: ...I have to go.

K: I'm counting on you.

Click.

The call ends.

The Commander puts down the communicator.

Commander: Prepare for battle.

ST AR-15: Roger!
Part 7: Vortex

7

Task Force Aeneas registration complete—Squad Nitrogen.

???: The heck is this? Why do we need a special network space just for a meeting?

???: Wouldn't it be more convenient to just use our comms directly?

???: Don't you get it? This is called being a pro.

???: Why do I get the feeling that you're talking out of your ass...

Mona: Greetings. Codename Nitrogen is in position. I'm the squad leader, Mona.

Rhino: I'm the freshly-appointed Stasi agent Doll, Rhino.

No. 9: I'm a mercenary Doll, codename No. 9. I have been hired by Statesec to work with you on this mission.

RO635: I've already shared the briefing files with everyone here. You can read them after the meeting is over.

RO635: Now, allow me to explain the details of Operation Aeneas.

Mona: But we're still missing quite a few people. Aren't we going to wait for them?

RO635: It's alright, they'll show up when the time comes.

Mona: ...

RO635: In that case, I'll begin.

RO635: This operation is codenamed "Aeneas". Our objective is to rescue Ange, and to investigate the Paradeus hideout in the "Dead Sea".

RO635: Currently, the information that we have verified... Mona, if you'd please.

Mona: Yes. The following is all information provided by the Stasi.

Mona: One—Paradeus has lost their Berlin base after the battle against your Commander and the Stasi.

Mona: After comparing many days' worth of surveillance imagery, movement into the Black Zone has risen at an abnormal rate. While we have not yet found any clear links between Paradeus and Galatea, given the recent increase in the radiation index, we have reason to believe their HQ is located within the "Dead Sea".

Mona: In fact, we suspect that their HQ is located in that region.

Mona: Two—during the previous fighting, I engaged in direct combat with the high-ranking Nyto Bramedb.

Mona: Records of that encounter have been preserved and I will upload them to the conference room afterwards, for everyone's reference.

Mona: Three—the two Tactical Dolls working for the Stasi in Squad Nitrogen—namely myself and Rhino—are the highest-spec units that the Stasi can field at the moment.

Mona: No. 9 is also a renowned elite among mercenary Dolls. We will provide our full support for the duration the upcoming operation.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's awesome... Huh? We're going into a Black Zone?

M4 SOPMOD II: Doesn't that mean we won't be able to communicate with each other?

RO635: That's why we've established this conference room. As long as 45 is around, we can communicate through her neural cloud layer.

Mona: I see... It seems you've also made extensive preparations.

RO635: As you may have surmised, the situation inside the Black Zone will be very complex. Even Dolls will have to be cautious.

RO635: We must complete the appropriate preparations and be ready to enter the Black Zone at any time.

Inside a certain safe house at the Soviet-German border.

The cold wind beats against the windows of the wooden cabin, emitting non-stop howls that chill the soul.

Dupieux: (Pants heavily)

Seated in front of the stove, Dupieux ends up breaking multiple matchsticks with his trembling hands.

Dupieux: God... dammit...

He needs heat to stay warm...

Whoosh...

Firelight fills the stove, and the bone-dry kindling ignites. Warm air wafts out of the stove immediately.

Dupieux: Whew...

Thud.

Dupieux: —!

Just as Dupieux is about to relax, an unnatural noise comes from inside the cabin.

Almost instantly, he pivots and fires several shots at the door out of reflex.

The swinging wooden door immediately sports three conspicuous holes, and the light that streams inside illuminates the motes of dust dancing in the air.

Dupieux: (Pants heavily)

He can almost feel his heart in his throat.

Are they Statesec pursuers? How did they follow him so quickly?

Is... is this place no longer safe? He needs... he needs to go now.

???: "Polar Bear"?

Dupieux: —!

The communicator has been switched on at some point and a crisp woman's voice speaks through it. Startled, Dupieux throws it away from him. The communicator spins on the ground and comes to a halt in the center of the room.

Dupieux: ...Evangelist? Is that you?

Dupieux: No... Who are you?

Q: Nice to meet you, "Polar Bear".

Q: I am Q of the Stasi.

Dupieux: Stasi? ...What do you want?

Dupieux: Did the Evangelist send you?

Q: Hm... Sorry, but I'll have to ask you to tell me about this "Evangelist" in detail afterwards.

Q: I'm sure the Soviets are also very curious about him.

Dupieux: ...

Dupieux looks incredulously at the communicator.

Dupieux: You, you—

Q: Believe me, this isn't personal.

Bang!!

A gunshot echoes through an echoing canyon as a bullet flies through the woods, the wind and the snow, piercing the rotted wooden door and striking Dupieux in his center mass just as he's about to flee.

Pzzt... Pzzzt...

A paralyzing electrical current immediately pours into his body, his muscles, his joints and his nerves...

In an instant, his consciousness is taken by the bullet, sinking into a silent darkness.

Q: Whew... Thanks for fleeing with all your might.

Q: If the Soviets had found you first, it would have all been for nothing.

Through the scope of her rifle, Q sees the incredulous look on Dupieux's face. Yet, he keels over without so much as a sound.

Q: Hm, looks like I caught a big fish~

Q: Now let's see, who's this Evangelist that's going to show up?
Part 8: Gardener

    8chevron_right

...

On board Schweinsteiger's private jet, Berlin airspace.

Stasi Liaison: ...Emergency report. There are major outbreaks of violence on Preußische Straße and the locality of Wedding.

Stasi Liaison: So far, the number of injured is confirmed to be at around 20.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Click.

He turns off the transmission, and there is an imperceptible shift in his expression.

Bodyguard: General, we will arrive at the capital within an hour.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Bodyguard: General?

Schweinsteiger: I heard you. Leave me, I need some personal space.

Bodyguard: Yes, sir.

The bodyguard respectfully closes the cabin door, leaving Schweinsteiger alone inside his luxurious cabin.

Schweinsteiger: To think you'd be so impulsive...

Schweinsteiger: You've gotten old, Oberstein.

Schweinsteiger shakes his head and chuckles sardonically before calling up Romy.

Schweinsteiger: Has it been taken care of?

Romy: Everything is going according to plan.

Romy: We are steadily erasing the traces in Berlin.

Schweinsteiger: I'm not just talking about internal business.

Schweinsteiger: You know what I mean.

Romy: Yes. We're also trimming back the tentacles from the outside.

Schweinsteiger: Well done... However, I sometimes wonder, were we too radical before?

Schweinsteiger: After the "Fireworks" blossomed, the tension in Moscow seems to have spread to Frankfurt.

Romy: Rest assured, no matter what decision you make, we will always have the advantage.

Romy: In a war like this, information is power.

Romy: And now, all this information is at your disposal.

Schweinsteiger: You should head back to the capital once you've dealt with Berlin.

Romy: Yes, sir.

Schweinsteiger: No matter how brightly the flames of anger burn, they will cool one day...

Schweinsteiger: If he is unwilling to make a dignified exit, then we shall spare his dignity for him.

Schweinsteiger adjusts his hat, coughs twice, then slowly walks up to his sofa and reaches out to pick up several roses from the coffee table.

They are all of different colors—black, red and yellow, all stuck into a vase, their petals still coated with drops of water.

Their vibrant colors are like a flag fluttering high in the air.

Schweinsteiger: Hm?

Schweinsteiger pauses briefly as he notices an exquisite recording pen in front of his champagne flute.

Schweinsteiger: ...

He picks up the pen and presses the play button.

Oberstein: Good morning, General Schweinsteiger.

Oberstein: I hope I have not interrupted your breakfast.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Schweinsteiger shrugs, then puts the pen down before sitting back on the sofa.

He does not seem the least bit surprised by the voice coming from the pen.

Oberstein: I regret I could not speak to you in person.

Oberstein: But this will not affect our friendship.

Oberstein: I believe you will like the present I have given you.

Oberstein: I am certain that I cannot go wrong using it as an opportunity for us to make up with each other.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Oberstein: At times, but only at times, it is natural for friends to have conflicting opinions, and arguments, while rare, are still normal.

Oberstein: But that does not mean they cannot make peace after the argument...

Oberstein: Maintaining our friendship will do us both good.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Oberstein: Compared to those outsiders, we are friends who can truly trust each other.

Schweinsteiger: What exactly do you want... Minister Oberstein?

Schweinsteiger mutters to himself as he stares at the recording pen.

Oberstein: I do not want to see invasive species in our garden.

Oberstein: Everything I have done has been dedicated to this end.

As though he was anticipating Schweinsteiger's question, Oberstein supplies his answer.

Oberstein: Trust me, General.

Oberstein: In the end, only we can help ourselves.

Oberstein's voice pauses before continuing warmly.

Oberstein: I guarantee that when everything is over, I will kindle our friendship brighter than it's ever become.

Oberstein: Perhaps it is time to restore the Stasi to its full glory, last seen a century ago. I trust that you will prove to be an indispensable gardener within our garden.

Oberstein: As you always have.

Click.

The recording comes to an end.

Schweinsteiger removes his hat and sighs heavily.

Just then, there is a knock on the door.

Schweinsteiger: I said, I wanted to be alone.

???: ...

However, the person outside doesn't seem to have heard and opens the door.

A waiter dressed in white enters. His face is blank as he presents a bottle of champagne.

Schweinsteiger is certain that he's never seen this man before.

Waiter: Please enjoy.

The champagne bottle has "To friendship" written on it in bright red letters.

As Schweinsteiger sits on the sofa, his eyes unconsciously drift to the hidden doorway—his bodyguards are still on duty, yet they are paying no attention to what is happening in here.

Meanwhile, the waiter before him doesn't seem to have noticed Schweinsteiger's glance. He simply opens the bottle and politely fills his glass.

The fizzing bubbles from the champagne make a pleasant sound in the glass.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Waiter: ...

Schweinsteiger: ...To friendship.
With that, Schweinsteiger picks up the champagne, clinks it against an empty glass, and downs it in one gulp.

...

Inside the abandoned Paradeus base.

After the brief conversation, Gray puts down the communicator with a grave look on her face.

Grig: ...Gray.

After confirming that Gray's transmission is over. Grig carefully steps up to her side.

Morridow lies curled up in the corner. Her body is covered in wounds, but her eyes are filled with light and life.

Gray: ...I'm fine.

Gray: Teacher, how are you now?

Morridow: I'm largely alright after the emergency repairs.

Gray: ...I didn't think they'd do this to you when I took you to the base inside the city...

Morridow: A failure has no right to make demands, Gray.

Gray: ...You're right. Father has already had Bramedb clear that place out.

Gray: Nemhran ordered her to bring RPK-16 to Avernus while keeping an eye on her.

Gray: However... she made no mention of either you or us, Teacher.

Grig: Doesn't that mean we should return to Avernus too?

Gray: ...

Gray frowns as she hesitates.

Gray: ...If we go back now... There will be no turning back.

Gray: And we've already received news that "that person" is headed for Frankfurt.

Grig: Ange is still with us. Do you think "that person" will really give up?

Gray: Nobody can gainsay Father when he says he wants someone.

Morridow: We must go back immediately.

Morridow, who has been silent all this time, suddenly raises her head.

Gray: Teacher?

Morridow: We have made too many mistakes, and Father does not like mistakes.

Morridow: Our current situation has made many things clear. If we do not do something, we will all be discarded.

Morridow says so in a casual tone.

Morridow: ...I need an opportunity to meet with Father in person. That's the only way we can turn things around.

Morridow: Otherwise, we will all die here.

Gray: ...I understand.

Morridow: Help me up, Grig.

Grig: ...Alright.

Morridow gets to her feet. Still leaning on Grig, she makes her way forward with determination in her eyes.

Gray: ...I don't understand.

Morridow: Gray, if we stay here, we will be discarded.

Morridow: Nemhran has already gone back.

Gray: But her task has ended now that the "Fireworks" have blossomed.

Gray: Isn't it normal for her to go back?

Morridow: No, it means Avernus needs her to work on something new.

Morridow: Failure isn't the worst thing, but by not taking part in the core project, we will have lost all value.

Gray: ...I see.

Morridow: As long as I can return to Avernus, we will regain Father's trust.

Morridow: I can assure you of that.

At a temporary safe house near Berlin Airport.

The Commander connects to the Aeneas conference room.

...Identity verified, please input your login password.

Password accepted. Connecting...

You have successfully logged on to the Operation Aeneas Conference Room.

Commander: Are there any new developments concerning our target?

RO635: Commander, Morridow's signal is on the move.

Commander: Excellent. Let's sync up our information.

RO635: Roger.

RO635: Both members of Squad Umbrella are present. We're watching the target.

UMP45: Both members of Squad Unicorn are in position, ready to assist Squad Umbrella during ops.

Mona: All three members of Squad Nitrogen are in position. En route to the objective.

Gager: Both members of Squad Ferrum are in position. Standing by for further instructions.

RO635: I've already shared the regional offline map, Paradeus-related information and security contact frequencies with everyone.

RO635: Everyone should have topped up their ammo and tactical supplies before setting out.

RO635: Total number of Operation Aeneas personnel that have been gathered is 9/12.

Commander: We can't wait for the rest of the team to assemble since the target has already started moving. I'll inform RO about how to incorporate the forthcoming team members.

Commander: Please remember the mission requirements—speed and stealth.

Commander: Right now, we are an unexpected dagger to the enemy's heart.

Commander: I'll confirm the mission status with everyone again.

Commander: Operation Aeneas is a raid with two objectives—

Commander: 1. To rescue Angelia. Contact me immediately if anything goes wrong.

Commander: 2. To get a grasp of enemy structures and units within the "Dead Sea".

Commander: Dandelion will ensure this conference room remains accessible.

Commander: I'll provide assistance if you need anything.

Commander: But I won't be on the frontlines, RO.

RO635: Roger.

Commander: You're the leader of this operation, so you have the responsibility of making decisions.

RO635: ...I won't let you down.

RO635: Is there anything else you'd like to remind us about, Commander?

Commander: Also, I mentioned something about support earlier—Persica has sent "Chessmaster" over.

Commander: Upload every location you find here immediately. That way, Chessmaster can extrapolate the objective's location through already-known coordinates.

RO635: Understood. We'll link up with her ASAP.

Commander: Right. Any other questions?

After a brief silence, the Commander speaks again.

Commander: Alright. We will now officially commence Operation Aeneas.

The Dolls fall silent.

Just as UMP45 ends the comm, she hears another soft ringtone. It's the Commander's personal encrypted channel.

UMP45: Commander, you have extra tasks for me?

UMP45: Let me make this clear, you'll be billed extra for it.

Commander: Of course. This operation is going to be carried out by Dolls from multiple different squads.

Commander: While I have complete faith in RO's abilities, she's going to need help.

UMP45: Of course, I'll be on her side—

UMP45: So long as 9 and I are safe.

Commander: 45, I need you to support RO—whatever the cost.

UMP45: ...

Commander: This mission's difficulty is on an unprecedented level. Even all of your individual strengths will not be enough to accomplish it.

Commander: Only if the entire team is united as one do you have a chance of completing the mission.

UMP45: You always did love ordering services that weren't on the menu, Commander.

Commander: This isn't an order. I'm asking a favor of you.

Commander: And you don't need to spare my dignity here. I know I'm being extremely unreasonable—

Commander: I am asking you to put your life on the line to support RO.

UMP45: So it's a request from you, Commander...

45 lowers her head. There's no telling what is going through her mind.

A moment later, she looks up again.

UMP45: Understood.

UMP45: Still, you'd better not welch on the bill no matter how many zeroes there are on it. ♪

Commander: Of course. I'll pay up no matter how big it is.

With her usual enigmatic smile, UMP45 leaves the meeting room.

Commander: ...Please come back alive to stick me with the bill, 45.

On the outskirts of Berlin, at the border of the Red Zone, where there are few traces of people.

From under a building which looks like it's about to collapse at any time, RO635 carefully studies the movements of the blip on her scanner.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO... I'm so booooored! Can't we move out yet?

RO635: Hang in there a little longer, SOP-II.

UMP45, who is also monitoring the scans, leans over.

UMP45: The target has been turning in place for the past 10 minutes.

UMP45: Should we investigate the possibility that the tracking device might have been removed?

UMP9: Yeah, they might have stuck it on a robot dog or something...

RO635: There isn't much chance of that. The tracker was planted inside the target's body while the target was unconscious.

RO635: It won't be easily spotted without a full-body inspection.

RO635: Given their current situation, they wouldn't have had the chance to perform such a detailed examination.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yup, I hid it myself!

The four pairs of eyes turn to the scanner screen once again, but the blip representing their target still has not left its original position.

UMP45: How about closing the distance to the target?

RO635: ...Let me think about it.

After studying the target's path and the nearby terrain, RO635 ponders her options...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! The target has suddenly started moving at high speed!

RO635: What?!

As the four of them watch, the target blip suddenly rockets into the Red Zone.

RO635: We need to catch up!

UMP45: Roger.

The four Dolls' clothes rustle quietly as they vanish into the ruins.

...In the Red Zone on the outskirts of Berlin.

After ensuring that they haven't been followed, three ghostly figures emerge from a long-abandoned ruin.

Morridow: ...Have we lost our tails?

Morridow: Extra complications will do us no good at a time like this.

Gray: Don't worry... I'm sure of it.

Gray: Do you want to rest here for a bit, Teacher? Your condition...

Grig: ...

Grig watches in silence as Gray speaks softly to Morridow while helping her sit down for a short rest before turning away.

Grig: I'll go watch the perimeter.

Gray: We're already in the Red Zone. Avernus isn't far from here.

Morridow: I'm fine... Let's move out quickly.

Morridow: I keep thinking... I'm missing something.

Gray: But Teacher, your wounds...

Morridow: These wounds are nothing. they're not critical... Don't look down on me just because I still have my body of flesh, Gray.

Morridow: Rather than my wounds, I'm more worried that those cunning rats might have done something to my body while I was unconscious.

Gray: ...We can't rule that out. If it were me, I'd have injected nanomachine trackers.

Gray: Even so, the sensitivity of any instrumentation will plummet after entering a Red Zone.

Morridow: ...I hope that's the case.

Morridow: Otherwise there's no telling who's the unlucky one here.

Morridow licks her lips, and her anxiety drives her to stand again.

Morridow: Let's go. We'd better not delay.

Gray: ...Yes, Teacher.

Grig: ...

Noticing their movements, Grig silently returns to Gray's side and looks at the pair.

Grig: Is it still our priority to shake off our pursuers?

Gray: Hm. While I don't think it's likely that they managed to follow us here, we should detour a little more for safety's sake.

Gray: I'll leave some Nytos behind along the way to delay any pursuers. That ought to be enough for us to make it into Avernus.

Grig: Alright.

Gray: I'll lead the way. You watch Teacher.

Once again, the women vanish into the rubble like ghosts.

...On the outskirts of Berlin, in the Red Zone.

The target blip has been running all over the place on the scanner screen ever since their objective entered the Red Zone.

Not daring to lose a single clue, RO635 has no choice but to frantically pursue it...

M4 SOPMOD II: I think this scanner is messing with us!

UMP9: I have to agree...

UMP45: RO, there's no point panicking. Stop for a bit to analyze things.

RO635: Yeah, we seem to have been going in circles all this while...

RO comes to a halt, and with UMP45's help, she begins analyzing the crazy readings on the sensor screen.

M4 SOPMOD II: Man, the signal disruption in the Red Zone is such a pain. If I were a little further away from you, I wouldn't be able to tell which signal is yours, will I?

UMP9: That's true... So does that mean we might end up not recognizing Squad Ferrum when we're supposed to link up with them later?

RO635: Relax, we have a code.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's RO for you!

M4 SOPMOD II: Come on 9, let's go look for clues around here!

UMP9: Sure.

UMP9 winks at UMP45, who gestures for her to not go too far.

Right now, only UMP45 and RO635 are here.

RO635: 45, I've gone over the readings again. I still think our current data is accurate.

RO635: However, the intermittent signal means that a part of it wasn't recorded.

UMP45: Hm, if you keep simulating, you'll be able to extrapolate the unrecorded data.

UMP45: So what should we do now? Should we wait to meet up with Squad Ferrum or continue pursuit?

RO635: Hang on...

RO635: Squad Ferrum, how much longer until you reach the rendezvous point?

Gager: We'll be there within 10 minutes.

Architect: 10 minutes?! We're practically there!

Architect: Look, I can see RO up ahead. Come on, Miss Knight, run your ass!

RO635: Huh? But I'm not picking up your signals...

Architect: Aw, I'm heading over right now!

Architect's voice cuts out.

RO635: That's strange.

RO635: I scanned the surroundings a few times, but I didn't pick up any S.F. signals. Is it because of the signal interference?

UMP45: Same here.

UMP45: 9, have you spotted Squad Ferrum?

UMP9: Nope! Are they there yet, 45?

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey look, over there!

RO635 and UMP45 climb the small hill that SOP-II is on.

Below them, a white-haired figure creeps through the mist...

...On the outskirts of Berlin, in the Red Zone.

Architect drags Gager along on a mad dash toward the black-haired girl in front of them.

Architect: RO! Squad Ferrum is here!

Architect: Man, the signal reception here really sucks, the GPS took us off course several times!

Gager: Hang on, Architect.

Gager grinds to a halt and pulls Architect back.

Architect: What's wrong?

Gager: ...

Gager's face turns pale. She looks into the mist ahead of her, but says nothing.

Gager: Look carefully at who's there.

Architect: Hm?

Architect stares blankly at the figure hidden in the mist.

The mist in the Red Zone is like a pack of tormented souls, coiling around one's body and constantly changing shape.

The only thing Architect can make out through that layer of mist is the other person's short black hair.

...Short black hair?

Architect: Ehhhhh?!

Gager: We'd better withdraw while she hasn't spotted us yet.

Architect: Okie...

Gager: RO, we've encountered an enemy squad—

As the two of them look for an axis of retreat and communicate the proceedings, the black-haired girl who has been standing out in the middle of the mist slowly looks back.

Her lips curl into a creepy smile.

...On the outskirts of Berlin, in the Red Zone.

As they draw closer, the face of the white-haired woman resolves into clarity.

Gray: ...I always see these disgusting maggots no matter where I go.

UMP45: We have a lock! Identifying target... It's Mrs. Gray!

Gray: Since you are seeking death—I don't mind granting it to you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Gray!

Sparks always fly when old enemies meet.

RO635 calmly takes command.

RO635: 45, you and 9 give us long range fire support.

RO635: SOP-II and I will pin her down at close range.

UMP45: Roger!

M4 SOPMOD II: I know every move you can make!

RO635 notices that Gray doesn't seem worried by SOP-II's vicious assault. Rather, she turns around and says something—

She's with an associate, and it's very likely to be Morridow.

RO635: SOP-II, be careful and be ready to pull back at any time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't you worry about me!

Gray looks back at the Dolls flanking her from left and right. With a laid-back chuckle, she deploys her own weaponry.

Gray: What a joke.
Part 2: Against The Light I

2

Bangbangbang—

No matter how unexpected the angle the bullets come from, Gray deflects them easily with her tail.

The bullets ripping through the air throw up an intense shower of sparks on the surface of Gray's tail.

Gray: You should save your bullets.

M4 SOPMOD II: Take this!

SOP-II sticks close to Gray and locks her movements down while delivering one savage attack after another.

Gray doesn't skimp on the application of her blades either, but she always ends up cutting nothing but air.

Gray: ...Tsk.

Gray can sense that SOP-II seems to have learned from her previous experiences, and her assault is more dynamic and deadly than before.

Gray abandons her relaxed attitude.

Gray: You actually memorized my moves?

RO635: SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: GRAWR—!

RO635 notices Gray's moment of shock and signals to SOP-II.

SOP-II immediately leaps at her and ferociously rips and tears at Gray's arm.

Clang—

Gray barely manages to block SOP-II's vicious assault, but her arm is maimed by SOP-II's claws and she's breathing hard.

Gray: You learn fast.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll leave that mouth of yours for last so you can scream while I shred you!

Gray: Hahaha...

RO635: SOP-II, back off a little.

M4 SOPMOD II: Right!

RO635 knows that Gray no longer has the luxury of playing around now that SOP-II has seen through her moves.

However, it's obvious that SOP-II is tiring out faster than Gray. This is not a tactic that is sustainable in the long term.

RO635: Save your strength.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm okay!

Gray narrows her eyes as she looks at the panting SOP-II and the tense RO635.

Gray: I had fun playing with you, but my time's almost up.

Gray: See you later, cute little doggy.

M4 SOPMOD II: Get back here! I'll kill you!!!

Gray suddenly darts aside, evading SOP-II's fierce attack while somersaulting to the upper level of the ruins.

RO635: SOP-II! Don't be rash!

BOOM!!!

With a mighty explosion, the ruins collapse again.

SOP-II is lost amidst the rubble.

RO635: Unicorn! We need backup!

UMP45: Roger!

RO635: Verifying SOP-II's condition!

RO635 immediately starts digging through the rubble in search of SOP-II.

UMP45 and UMP9 come over to join in the excavation.

Fortunately the ruins have been degraded by long years of radiation exposure and the material is basically rotten, so it didn't hurt SOP-II.

RO635: Are you okay, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: Peh— Pehpehpeh—

M4 SOPMOD II: That dirty shameless bitch! I got a mouthful of mud!

UMP9: Well, at least you looked really cool when you pounced on her!

UMP45: RO, we've lost track of Gray.

RO635: Yeah, I know.

Click—

A transmission comes through the Aeneas conference room channel.

Mona: Nitrogen here. We've reached the vicinity of the original target.

RO635: Did you find anything?

Mona: We've just locked onto Morridow's trail. We're now in pursuit.

RO635: Roger. I'll have Squad Ferrum move up to support you.

RO635: Umbrella and Unicorn just engaged one of the targets, Gray, but she gave us the slip.

Mona: Got it. Nitrogen will be careful.

The transmission cuts off cleanly.

UMP9: Those Stasi agent Dolls sure are amazing, at least compared to that J from before...

UMP45: Hopefully our future cooperation will go just as well.

M4 SOPMOD II: It will, right, RO?

RO635: ...

RO635: Yeah, I'm sure it will.

RO sighs heavily.

RO635: I won't let you down, Commander.

As they follow the target coordinates, RO635 and the others enter the darkness...

...

...

...Darkness.

Within the endless darkness, Angelia is left covered in the grimy muck. There's no telling how long she's been asleep.

The sounds of screaming and gunfire looping in her psyche have finally stopped, but they are replaced by a deathly silence.

She has no idea how long she has been immersed in this darkness...

Angelia: ...

(Rustle)

Fragmented whispers filter through the vacuous blackness, breaking the silence.

She struggles to open her eyes and move her limbs, but she is immobile, as though something heavy is crushing down on her.

???: I'm counting on you, Koleda.

???: Take good care of her. She's yours now.

...Is that RPK-16?

Who is she talking to?

???: ...Roger.

The sound of rustling fabric is quiet, yet grating.

RPK-16: ...There, that should put you at ease, right?

???: You... you think...

???: Do you think... you'll be forgiven for this?

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Fortunately, I don't seek forgiveness.

...Whose voice is this?

RPK-16: ...

???: Ange.

An unfamiliar voice quietly calls her name, and a rip appears within the darkness of her mind.

Her nerves hurt like they've been stabbed by a needle. Amidst her groaning, Ange uses all her strength to focus on her eyelids.

...The long-awaited light floods into her eyes, and she sees a familiar transparent wall—

A Nyto dressed in tatters, like one of those abandoned Isomers, stands quietly beyond it, watching her.

She has an air of unfamiliar familiarity about her, entirely out of place in this setting.

Angelia: ...

???: Hello, I am Koleda. From now on, I will be in charge of your daily care.

Angelia: What about that crazy Nyto from before?

Koleda: ...

Koleda: She has other work lined up for her.

The Nyto averts her gaze a bit unnaturally.

Ange closes her bruised eyelids and a faint, mocking smile appears on her lips.

Angelia: That's alright.

Koleda: ...

Ange has lost track of time ever since she was imprisoned here.

She doesn't know how long she's spent like this, her left arm behind her head, her right arm behind her waist, and suspended in mid-air.

Extended periods in a custom-made straitjacket and the heavy weights around her ankles have left her body feeling like a statue...

If the Nyto assigned to her from earlier hadn't routinely kicked and punched her, she might have lost all sense of feeling in her body.

Koleda: Let me help you change your dressings.

The Nyto called "Koleda" slowly enters the room and starts applying a cool medication to Ange's exposed wounds.

Angelia: ...

Koleda: ...

Amidst the stiff silence, Koleda finishes treating Ange's wounds with gentle hands.

Koleda: I'll be leaving, then.

Angelia: Wait.

Ange notices that Koleda was more careful while treating the wounds left behind from when she triggered that dirty bomb.

Right now, they're lost in a mess of blood and bruises and they're not particularly easy to distinguish.

There's only one way someone would be able to tell them apart—

Angelia: Who ARE you?

Koleda: ...

Koleda: Ange...

Angelia: ...

At the quiet utterance, Ange frowns and studies this Nyto more carefully.

Looking into her eyes, Ange seems to notice something. She gapes a little.

Angelia: You're...

Koleda: I am Koleda, Ange.

Through the heavy, reinforced glass, Ange sees her shocked face reflected in Koleda's clear eyes.

...

...The Nytos sitting on the pews intone their verse with reverence, and their voices seem to leap toward the light in the direction where the statue's hands are pointing.

Between the Nytos and the statue stands a woman in a white dress.

RPK-16 quietly approaches the woman, stopping two or three steps behind her.

The two seem to be maintaining an intentional silence.

RPK-16: ...

The woman glances at a Nyto beside her as she sings, and the latter obediently vacates this picturesquely pristine scene and walks up to RPK-16.

Ashley: I am Ashley. Please come with me.

RPK-16: Alright.

RPK-16 smiles and follows the Nyto out of the hall. Soon, the two of them are alone.

Ashley: Has Angelia been settled in?

RPK-16: Yes.

Ashley: Big Sister Nemhran thinks very highly of you.

Ashley: She says you're more efficient than Big Sister Gray.

RPK-16: That would be going too far. I'm just doing my duty.

Ashley: We reward capable individuals appropriately...

Ashley: Paradeus will make your dream come true.

RPK-16: And I am very grateful for that.

Ashley: Come with me.

RPK-16 follows the Nyto with a smile.

There seems to be a deeper meaning to her smile, and her gaze is fixed on the Nyto's back.

...

...In the quiet ruins on the outskirts of Berlin.

Three girls crouch silently in the shadows of the ruins, their keen eyes looking in the direction where the trail has vanished.

After holding her breath and straining her ears to pick up the target's movements, Mona signals to her teammates behind her—

"Move in."

No. 9: ...

Rhino: ...

Upon receiving the signal, the two Dolls stick to cover and proceed toward the target in an orderly fashion.

Mona opens a short-range intra-squad comms channel.

Mona: Remember to conceal your signals.

Rhino: Got it.

No. 9: The enemy is inside this building.

Mona: Correct. I just scanned around us. Even if they're all mobs, we can't take on their numbers.

Mona: Also, we're supposed to be following the target, so we need to avoid spooking her.

Concealed in the shadows of the ruined masonry, the three girls remain motionless, like stone statues blending in with the environment.

Mona: Take note. The target has appeared.

Rhino: Target Morridow locked. Signal from the tracking device matches our information.

No. 9: The person next to her looks pretty impressive...

Mona: That's Grig. Her swordsmanship is incredible, so make sure you don't let her get close—that's what the AR Team reported.

Rhino: She looks like the agile type. Those are hard to handle.

Mona: ...

Under the trio's watchful gaze, the white-clad Grig helps support Morridow to a ruined building ahead of them, with several Paradeus units as escorts.

They're just about to leave their range of vision...

When Mona gestures again, indicating that they should follow.

They close the gap between them once again, and then they see what was originally hidden in their blind spot—

No. 9: ...Is that a truck?!

Mona: Dammit, they're planning to escape in a vehicle!

Rhino: Want me to bust their tires?

Mona: Don't do anything which would risk exposing yourself.

The three Dolls are unable to get any closer due to a lack of cover nearby.

All they can do is watch as Morridow is stuffed into the vehicle...

Mona opens the Aeneas conference room channel.

Mona: Hailing Umbrella, this is Nitrogen. We've encountered the target, Morridow.

Mona: However, it looks like she's boarded a Paradeus truck and left. We cannot pursue further.

RO635: Umbrella copies. Don't push yourself. You just need to lock onto the tracking device.

Mona: Roger.

RO635: Squad Ferrum is heading over to back you up.

Mona: Roger, with heavy firepower we'll be able to—

Mona suddenly stops speaking. Though she was only distracted for a moment by her conversation, she comes to an abrupt realization... The Nyto in white who was standing not too far ahead has just vanished in the blink of an eye.

Mona: ...Where's Grig?

No. 9: Huh? I-I don't know...

No. 9: Did she just vanish into thin—?!

Whum—

The humming sabre gleams coldly as it vibrates, and its piercing white radiance is already before them in an instant—

Shing—!

The Doll called No. 9 barely manages to protect her companions by parrying the blow.

No. 9: That sword's fast!

Their white-clad opponent now stands proud and alone in a high place, casually wiping her blade.

Instead of panicking, the Dolls have moved to cover with silent coordination, preparing to ply their trade.

Mona: Squad Nitrogen, prepare for battle!
Part 3

3

...On the outskirts of Berlin, at the edge of the Red Zone.

Even when capitalizing on their superior numbers and formation, Squad Nitrogen only barely manages to maintain a slight suppression advantage.

Rhino: She's slowing down, No. 9!

No. 9: I see it!

Whum—

Just as Grig pauses mid-stride, No. 9 raises her gun and pulls the trigger without hesitation.

Bangbangbang—!!!

A series of bullets strikes Grig dead on, and some of them hit her legs.

Grig: ...

With a subdued grunt, Grig brings her sabre up in a flourish and takes a defensive stance.

The gleaming blade and the inky-black muzzles of the guns are locked in a silent confrontation.

Both sides are unable to act, and the stalemate continues.

Mona: ...

No. 9: ...

Rhino: W-Why is nobody moving?

No. 9: We can't be sure that we can overcome her with a pre-emptive strike.

Rhino: But we can't just let ourselves get passively beaten up!

Mona: No, the enemy isn't fully confident either, which is why she's ceased her attack.

Rhino: In that case...

No. 9: At times like this, you mustn't panic. Hold your breath and focus yourself.

No. 9: Look in the direction of your prey. Don't lose yourself in her eyes, but trace every frame of every movement she makes in your mind.

Rhino: I'll try.

With a smirk, Grig suddenly shifts from a defensive stance and suddenly thrusts her sabre forward for the kill.

Mona: Scatter!

No. 9: This is—

Rhino: Uwah—

Though they're all well-trained Dolls, they're having difficulty dealing with this sudden onslaught.

Bangbangbang—

Covered by gunfire, the three of them manage to avoid the ferocious thrust and roll to the side.

With her stab, Grig has successfully break up Squad Nitrogen's formation.

Grig: ...

Now that her opponents' formation is in tatters, it is the perfect opportunity for her to charge in and slaughter them. However, she does not follow up on it. Instead, she rides the momentum of her charge and directly jumps off the hill.

Her pure white silhouette vanishes into the thick, coiling mists.

Rhino: Hold it!!!

No. 9: Don't chase her. There's no way we can catch up with her.

Mona: ...

Mona: So she never intended to go all-out on us.

No. 9: Yeah, to think we assumed that we could suppress her by force...

Mona: She was probably just buying time for Morridow to retreat.

Rhino: Why does it sound like she was playing us like a fiddle...

No. 9: ...

Standing on the hill, the three Dolls look in the direction where Grig has vanished.

They're standing on the edge of the Red and Black Zones. The mist ahead is growing heavier and heavier, and they're on the verge of officially entering the Black Zone.

Mona: Let's go. We should link up with Squad Ferrum first.

After turning their eyes away from the indeterminable distance, the three Dolls sort themselves out and set out once again.

...Meanwhile, in the Aeneas conference room.

A slender hand is gently tracing the complex, criss-crossing routes on the map with a small, intricate chess piece in its grasp.

The hand moves with confidence and fluidity as it brings order and clarity to the initially jumbled routes.

???: Oh... I see...

Lines intersect at different points, and where the points meet, they once again race toward different directions.

???: Umbrella and Unicorn lost their target here. Nitrogen engaged their target here...

???: So does that mean this is the place...?

The Doll places the chess piece on the map.

???: Yes, this is the only place that makes sense. All the lines, all the points, they all exist for this...

???: I see! I got it! I got it!

Task Force Aeneas registration completed - Chessmaster.

The Dolls excitedly flips the board, then squeals in delight over the conference room channel.

RO635: ...?!

RO635: What happened?

XM8: Oh! This is "Chessmaster" reporting, leader!

XM8: I've found their rendezvous point.

RO635: Er... Where is that?

XM8: Patience, I'll guide you to it. Just leave it to me.

XM8: What a marvelous game.

RO635: Alright... Is there anything else you want to relay?

XM8: Persicaria wanted me to give you two little things.

XM8: One is an offline mapping device, which I'm using right now. The other is something codenamed "Strongarm". She said you'd know how to use it.

RO635: ...Understood. See you offline.

The transmission ends, and the Doll holding the chess piece once again falls into contemplation, unconsciously breaking into a smile.
Part 4

4

...In an abandoned outpost on the edge of the Red Zone.

XM8 is sitting on a table, idly kicking her legs.

XM8: Yo, you're here at last.

RO635: Thank you, XM8. You helped us discover an important clue.

M4 SOPMOD II: Thanks to you, we've finally got a safe place to rest up!

XM8: Hehe, easy peasy.

XM8: Oh yeah, Leader, Miss Persica asked me to bring this along.

XM8 hands the strange device named "Strongarm" to RO635, and at the same time she shares the offline map with everyone.

RO635: Strongarm? What's this for?

M4 SOPMOD II: Lemme see!

Upon seeing a device she's never encountered before, SOP-II eagerly grabs it and fiddles with it, looking for a slot on her body where it'll go.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm? Why can't I plug it in?!

XM8: Maybe Miss Persica didn't prepare it for you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph! Then who's it meant for?!

RO635 takes the strange little device from SOP-II, but she can't fathom its uses either.

RO635: XM8, did Miss Persica say anything else about this "Strongarm"?

XM8: Nope. She said you'd understand once you got it.

RO635: ...

RO635: Alright then, I'll hold on to it.

RO635 seems to have an inkling, but right now she doesn't have the time to think about it. Instead, she picks up her communicator.

RO635: This is Umbrella, hailing all squads on Task Force Aeneas.

Mona: Nitrogen here. Are there any new mission developments?

RO635: Yeah, let's wait till everyone's gathered first.

Squad Ferrum joins the channel.

Architect: What is it now?

Gager: Squad Ferrum is here.

RO635: Good, we're all here. I'll contact the Commander now.

Dandelion: Roger.

Commander: RO, any news?

A familiar voice speaks through the comms.

RO635: We've approached the vicinity of the Black Zone. The radiation level there is abnormally high.

RO635: That's why I was hoping we could conduct a strategic meeting first.

Commander: Please outline the current situation.

RO635: We've verified Morridow's trail. She was originally accompanied by Gray and Grig on her way toward the Black Zone.

RO635: However, because our shadowing was spotted, Gray and Grig stayed behind to buy time for Morridow to flee.

RO635: According to Squad Nitrogen's most recent report, Morridow has boarded a truck and entered the "Dead Sea".

RO635: In other words, we are also about to enter the "Dead Sea".

On the shared tactical sand table, RO635 plants a flag in the middle of the patch of blackness that represents the Dead Sea.

The mood in the air instantly turns somber.

RO635: Once we proceed, our comms will be severely impeded. This will be a great trial of our coordination...

XM8: But we haven't even played chess together. How are we going to coordinate with each other?

RO635: ...

Architect: Hahahaha! You took the words right out of my mouth!

Gager: You can shut up now.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey! Pipe down, you two! The Commander and RO are giving a briefing!

RO635: Chessmaster has brought up a problem that we'll have to tackle. We're all from different squads and were put together at short notice.

RO635: We haven't had any practice working together, so it's hard to tell if we can even coordinate well.

Mona: ...That's true.

RO635: However, we have no time left to build teamwork.

UMP45: Yup. If we miss this opportunity, there's no telling when we'll get another one.

RO635: At this stage, our respective objectives remain the same.

RO635: However, conditions in the "Dead Sea" are complex, so every squad's mission parameters may change.

RO635: No matter what happens, we need to maintain contact and make timely adjustments for such changes.

Mona: Nitrogen copies.

UMP45: Unicorn copies.

Gager: Okay.

XM8: No problem!

RO635: Commander, that's it for us here.

Commander: Good. That'll do.

Meanwhile, on the side of a road in the "Dead Sea".

Gray and Grig have rushed here to meet up with Morridow, whom they help in dismounting the vehicle.

Morridow: ...This is as far as this vehicle goes. Did you lose them?

Grig: Yes, they're a long way off.

Gray: Same here.

Morridow: Whew...

Morridow takes a deep breath.

Morridow: Now I'm sure they did something to my body.

Morridow: We could stand to learn some technical lessons from these Soviets... Just to be safe, prepare a unit to cover us.

Grig: Activating an aircraft now might expose our position again.

Morridow: We can't delay any longer, and we need to return to the tower immediately.

Morridow: Also, I'm already thoroughly exposed... We basically have to assume that they'll catch up with us at this point.

Morridow: Still, no need to worry. A few measly Dolls won't pose a threat to us.

Morridow: Besides, they can't catch up with us without aircrafts of their own.

Gray: Just in case...

Gray: And I'm saying just in case, what will Father do if we end up giving away Avernus' location to the enemy?

In a rare turn of events, even Gray is questioning Morridow's orders.

Morridow: ...

Morridow raises her head. She was badly injured to begin with, and the previous battle has further exacerbated her condition.

Morridow: That's not a big deal. As long as what happens in Avernus stays in Avernus, then no one will be any the wiser!

Morridow: As for Father... I'm sure he won't blame us, because the news I will bring him is far more valuable than this base.

Morridow: Trust me, Gray.

Morridow: I need to get back...

Morridow: Let's go! Now!

Gray: ...

Grig: Gray...

Gray: ...Let's head to the outpost. They're changing shifts today, so there ought to be backup aircrafts there.

Grig: ...

Grig notes the multiple expressions that have crossed Gray's face. After a very long silence, she finally answers.

Grig: Yes, I understand.
Part 5

5

At a temporary safe house near Berlin Airport.

The Commander is anxiously pacing the room again after losing contact with Kryuger.

After a few rounds of going back and forth, the Commander finally comes to a halt.

Commander: Have Khaybar contact the Earl.

ST AR-15: Got it.

Some time later—

Click.

Griffin: What a coincidence... I was planning to contact you myself, Commander.

Commander: Sir, I need your help.

Commander: Mr. Kryuger is in trouble and I can't do anything about it for the moment.

Commander: Only you can help him now!

Griffin: No need to worry, Commander.

Griffin: I was just about to say... It's just a misunderstanding.

Griffin: There was a small communication problem earlier.

Griffin: It has since been resolved.

Commander: It's been resolved?

The Commander's eyes widen and a weight suddenly lifts from their chest. Even their voice softens.

Griffin: Yes, they will receive the appropriate treatment that they are due.

Griffin: However... we'll have to make a small concession.

Commander: ...A concession? What kind of concession?

Griffin: Cease all your ongoing operations, Commander.

Commander: Cease operations? ...What do you mean by that?

The Commander frowns, and the sense of dread returns—they have the feeling that what the Earl is talking about isn't as simple as he makes it sound.

Commander: We were about to make some progress with our investigation... If we stop now, all our efforts will have gone to waste.

Commander: Also, what does this have to do with Mr. Kryuger?

Griffin: Commander, I know you must be anxious to rescue Ange, but you also need to play by the rules.

Griffin: Casually breaking the rules or acting impulsively will not bring you victory... This world runs on order.

Griffin: And not passion.

Commander: ...What is that supposed to mean?

Griffin: If you want Kryuger to be safe...

Griffin: Then you will have to learn to give up certain things... That is the principle of equivalent exchange.

Commander: ...So you want me to give up on Ange? Is that it?

Griffin: There are times when we are compelled to make sacrifices.

Griffin: It is a fact that all mature individuals will eventually have to face.

Commander: ...You used us as a bargaining chip again, didn't you?!

Griffin: From where you stand, your view of the world is too narrow, so I do not blame you.

Griffin: However, you must learn to look beyond the surface of things... This is an unfortunate result, to be sure.

Griffin: But we can't have everything our way.

Commander: I've heard enough of that, Sir.

Commander: "We can't have everything our way".

Commander: But all this time, all I've done is suffer losses and setbacks. Not once have I ever gained anything.

Commander: And now, an opportunity presents itself to me.

Commander: Yet you want me to give it up for the sake of a hollow "victory"?

Griffin: Everyone can be sacrificed to achieve a greater goal.

Griffin: Angelia is an agent. She already knew this was coming... Or are you saying you think her life is more valuable than Kryuger's and the very existence of the PMC?

Commander: ...Everyone can be sacrificed, you say.

Commander: Then why Ange?

Griffin: Sacrifices have never been partial to anyone. Anyone can be a sacrifice.

Commander: What gives you the right to decide who is to be sacrificed?

Griffin: ...Don't miss the forest for the trees, Commander.

Commander: ...I've lost my base and my friends and you want me to not get caught up in the details?

Griffin: Drop everything you are doing now. I'll think of a way to resolve Kryuger's situation.

The Commander bites their lip, their thumbnail digging deep into the second joint of their index finger.

Commander: ...I refuse.

Griffin: ...

Griffin: So you will abandon Kryuger and the PMC?

Commander: ...No.

Commander: I won't abandon anyone. At least, not until I have to.

Griffin: This is not a discussion, Commander. Right now, I—

Click.

The transmission ends.

Khaybar: ...Commander?

ST AR-15: ...Did you just hang up on our big boss, Commander?

ST AR-15: And while he was in the middle of saying something?

Commander: ...

Commander: ...I guess I did.

Dandelion: I think it was an accident. Like, we had a bad signal or something.

ST AR-15: It's not often that we agree.

Commander: ...

The Commander turns off the comms, then sighs heavily.

Now, nobody can call off this operation.

Dandelion: Commander, the Aeneas conference room is paging you.

...In the Aeneas conference room.

A massive tactical sand table sits in its midst, with the position of each squad marked on it, to facilitate deployment by the Commander.

Among the various colors used to represent each squad, there is a patch of black that is especially eye-catching—

The "Dead Sea".

Commander: Is everyone here?

RO635: Yes. After compiling the information from everyone, Squad Ferrum will head over to the meetup point with Squad Nitrogen, and they will be the first to enter the "Dead Sea".

RO635: Umbrella, Unicorn and Chessmaster will be behind them.

A gaze containing a mix of fear, uneasiness and anxiety lands on Squad Ferrum and Nitrogen.

Commander: Thank you.

RO635: Before we officially enter the "Dead Sea", we will simulate the conditions in the Dead Sea from our experiences and past information to better formulate some simple contingency plans.

Mona: We are certainly in need of those.

RO635: From what we could find in our database, the location with most similar conditions to a Black Zone's is...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

Mona: What's the matter?

RO635: That would be the area where Ange set off that dirty bomb.

Commander: ...

Mona: Wait a minute. Isn't Ange the subject of our rescue? How is she still alive after triggering a dirty bomb? And as a human being?

Commander: Yes.

Mona: ...

RO635: After the dirty bomb went off, everything within 500 meters of ground zero was instantly vaporized.

RO635: The radiation levels of the surrounding area spiked to Black Zone levels, while the air was filled with visible radiation particles.

RO635: There was intense transmission signal disruption too. We specially built the Aeneas conference room in order to ensure clear comms, so we don't have to worry about that for the moment.

RO635: In addition, Black Zone radiation has an extreme degenerative effect on both structures and Dolls. While we underwent anti-radiation preparation before setting out, there's no telling how it'll hold out in the Black Zone.

The Dolls nervously watch the screen and its depiction of the apocalyptic aftermath of a dirty bomb detonation.

No. 9: It doesn't even look like Earth anymore.

Gager: ...

RO635: These are the conditions we can expect to face.

RO635: Absolute silence, no movement or life, only the specter of intense radiation stalking you everywhere.

No. 9: Makes me think of that time we had to hustle during a sandstorm...

UMP45: That's a very appropriate description.

RO635: Mind your radiation protection, and remember to report anything you encounter.

Mona: Understood.

On the edge of the Red Zone.

As Squad Nitrogen thinks about their upcoming destination, there is an unmistakable grimness to their expressions.

Rhino: It feels like we're going into a dead zone containing all kinds of secrets...

No. 9: This is my first time entering a Black Zone too.

No. 9: I've run simulations and drills before, but the pressure can't compare to the real thing.

Rhino: They say you've been to a lot of places, so I thought you'd been to a Black Zone...

No. 9: Well, you were only just rolled out, so obviously you'd have gone to fewer places than me.

Mona: Still, entry to Black Zones are always forbidden no matter which country you're in.

No. 9: Yup, At the very least, I've never been on a mission that required me to go so deep into a Black Zone before.

No. 9: Although—

Rhino: Although?

No. 9: There was this one time... I got careless during an ELID sweeping op and got separated from my team.

No. 9: I went the wrong way and accidentally grazed the border of a Black Zone...

No. 9 suddenly pauses mid-sentence, then begins losing herself in her memories.

Rhino: No. 9?

Mona: Was it a bad memory?

No. 9: ...No, I didn't actually enter the place, because my team leader stopped me in time.

No. 9: Apparently, I was standing like an idiot not far from the Black Zone, staring blankly at it like I was entranced...

Rhino: Heh...

No. 9: It was as though someone was calling out to me.

Mona: A lot of dangerous places seem to have this strange aura that draws people in, but are Dolls vulnerable to it too?

No. 9: I didn't venture too far into the Black Zone, so I can't answer you, but there is one thing of which I am sure—

No. 9: You must never enter such a place lightly.

Rhino: ...

No. 9: Alright, look on the bright side.

No. 9: We'll have a lot of conversation starters once we finish this mission and head back, right?

No. 9: Like say, "Hi, I'm a Doll who's been on secret missions in Black Zones before, you'll have to offer me a better price," and all that.

Rhino: Is THAT what you call a conversation starter?!

Mona: Looks like you've got a lot of stories to tell.

No. 9: Hehe, tell you what, one fine day, we'll go get some snacks and tea and a private room and I'll tell you all about them. How does that sound?

Rhino: ...

Rhino: ...Wow, I'm kind of looking forward to it.

Mona: That day will come once we take care of the problems at hand.

Rhino: Yup! When Leader Mona says it, I'm sure of it!

Mona: Let's start with the first one. While we wait for Squad Ferrum to return, let's upload our data to the server.

Mona: No matter what, we mustn't forget this promise.

No. 9: Yup!

...On the other side.

Architect and Gager have been running all the way and they have finally caught sight of Squad Nitrogen.

Architect: We made it, Miss Knight!

Gager: I see them.

Architect: We'll meet up with Squad Nitrogen, then we'll be entering the Black Zone, huh.

Gager: Yep.

Architect: If anything happens, just abandon me. I won't hate you or anything.

Architect: After all, you ended up being dragged into this squad because of me, Miss Knight.

Gager: ...Shut up.

Architect: Aw, don't be so stubborn about it. Otherwise I get the feeling we'll both bite it here.

Gager: Why have you become so invested in your job after going over to Griffin?

Architect: Have I? Well, you yourself ended up adapting quite well after joining the enemy of your own accord.

Gager: I joined them?

Gager: Huh, do you think Svarog could have caught me if I hadn't gone to rescue some legless moron?

Architect: You've always been such a gentle soul, Miss Knight. You just can't abandon your friends.

Gager: ...

Architect: But don't forget that the person you should be nicest to is yourself.

Architect doesn't wait for Gager to reply. Instead, she raises her arms and warmly waves to Squad Nitrogen in the distance.

...After Nitrogen and Squad Ferrum meet up.

Mona: Welcome, Squad Ferrum. We desperately need long-range firepower.

Mona: We hope you'll be able to play the role of remote fire support in the upcoming battles.

Gager: No problem.

Mona: ...Squad Nitrogen is ready to enter the "Dead Sea".

Mona: Do you need time to prepare? We still have some time set aside for it.

Architect: Haha, you're so kind~ But nope!

Architect: We backed ourselves up before coming here.

Architect: It'll be A-okay no matter what happens!

No. 9: So you've come with full expectation that something will happen. I respect that sort of determination.

No. 9: Or should I say it's a way of thinking? Are all S.F. Dolls like that?

Gager: ...Sorry, we need to verify the terrain. Give me some time to decompress the data.

Rhino: Uh, so do you need some time or not?

Gager: I'm sorry, you don't need to listen to that moron.

Architect: Who are you calling a moron?!

During all that bickering, the five Dolls look at each other.

Whether they're familiar or strangers, whether or not they want to work together, they are going to have to entrust their lives to each other.

Mona: ...I've heard a lot about Sangvis Ferri Industries, so I'll let you handle the fire support.

Mona: If there's nothing else to say, then we'll head out now.

Architect: Mhm... Sure, no problem.

Architect: Boom! Boom! Boom!

Architect: That's my specialty... But in turn, can I trust you with leadership?

Architect: Miss Mona?

Mona: ...Sure.

And so, Squad Ferrum and Squad Nitrogen of Task Force Aeneas officially enter the Black Zone.

...

Due to their unique vocations and experiences, both Squad Nitrogen and Squad Ferrum have entered Red Zones before.

They have seen things within the Red Zones which are difficult to explain.

Most of the time, it's a barren world strewn with bare rocks everywhere, along with primitive, ruined structures, roving ELIDs, and strange patches of flowers that send chills down one's spine

Many lives were lost to the contamination of radiation. The lucky ones simply died. The unlucky ones came back in another form.

At times, even the wind doesn't dare blow wildly, and the air grows stagnant with the intense radiation particles in it, making it thick and nauseating all year round.

They understand this—it is a terrifying place, where the radiation intensity can easily kill human beings.

...

...Even so, despite knowing all this, things feel completely different the moment they enter the Black Zone.

Rhino: ...Urgh.

Rhino can feel a chill crawling up her spine. Every step she takes makes her head feel light, as though she could faint at any moment.

Rhino: Is this... the sense of pressure you were talking about?

No. 9: ...

No. 9 has been quiet ever since she entered the Black Zone.

The devices on her head twitch unnaturally, as if to convey her anxiety.

No. 9: ...This is what I saw back then, when I was standing on the edge.

She and Mona are walking at the front of the group. They haven't encountered any enemies yet, but they're already high-strung.

Gager: ...Should I say it's surprising that there's still some life in this place?

Architect: (Heaves) ...Please don't make stupid jokes like that, Miss Knight.

Architect: I feel like I'm going to puke...

Mona: ...

They find it hard to describe the kind of world they're in.

The omnipresent darkness stretches out as far as the eye can see—

Ominous-looking green crystal formations protrude from the ground. Massive stone spikes gleam with a profound light. Every step they take lands inside a sticky fluid.

Radiation particles are everywhere. They have clumped up, becoming visible to the naked eye as they settle in low-lying places around them.

They look like stubborn mildew clinging desperately to the terrain, and if one looks at them for too long, one might even start to imagine that they're breathing.

The eerie green mixed with the jet black of the rocks is grotesque and terrifying.

Mona: Stop staring. Stay focused.

Rhino: Um... urgh, it feels bad.

Rhino: I can almost feel them growing inside me...

Architect: D-D-D-Don't say scary things like that okay?!

No. 9: ...You can wash it off when you go back.

No. 9: Think of it as growing mushrooms.

Gager: That's not much better either...

In addition, the wind here isn't silent. It roars and howls as it coils around the Dolls.

It's as though someone who died of hatred poured all their strength into one last, vengeful curse.

Rhino: Also... do you get the feeling that someone's talking to us...?

No. 9: It's the wind.

Rhino: Really? But...

Mona: Rhino, you're an investigator of the unusual, so you're more sensitive to the environment than we are.

Mona: So perhaps it might seem particularly obvious to you, but don't worry, it won't cause any real problems.

Rhino: Okie...

Architect: Ahh, this is such a drag! Why don't I tell a joke to cheer everyone up!

Gager: Don't do unnecessary things.

Architect: But it's not good for everyone to be wound up so tight!

Architect: Do you know why some humans' butts make extra loud noises when you spank them?

Rhino: W-Why is that?

Architect's forced cheeriness seems to have put the Dolls at ease for a moment, but just then—

All the Dolls tense up again.

No. 9: Put your hands up!

Mona: Get down!

In the distance, a sudden gust of wind blows a bank of green fog toward the Dolls.

As it draws closer, the Dolls can see figures within the fog...

They look like humans, but also like a bundle of ugly tree roots all knotted together, or like shadows cast by leaves at night.

Whatever they are, they're rushing toward the Dolls at top speed.

Rhino: H-Halt!

Gager: ...

Clack-clack-clack. The extremely tense Dolls disengage their weapon safeties and take aim at the figures in the fog.

Rhino: STAY BACK!

Bang!

Rhino, the most sensitive to her environment, fires the first shot.

It is soon followed by more shots...

A stream of gunfire fills the air.

Mona: Don't fire blindly! Pull back first!

The Dolls avoid the onslaught of the fog with great difficulty, like they're wading through a swamp.

But the creepiest thing is that the fog is moving much faster than them.

Soon, the fog and the fiendish figures within wash over the Dolls—

Rhino: Noooooooo!

No. 9: Calm down!

Rhino collapses to the ground in despair and squeezes her eyes shut, not daring to look at the ominous shapes.

Mona: It's just an illusion caused by the fog, Rhino.

Architect: Whew... I was so scared I nearly bluescreened back there.

Gager: It's just fog.

Rhino opens her eyes. They are now inside the green fog.

But there are no mysterious figures hidden within.

Soon, the fog leaves them, flowing toward an unknown direction...

Rhino: Huh...

Mona: Let's stop here and take a break. I'll give RO a sitrep.

Mona: If Chessmaster gets the coordinates we provided, we should be able to get a wealth of data from it.

Mona: That may even cut our travel time down.

Architect: That would be super helpful...

...Elsewhere, Gray and company are dashing at top speed.

Morridow: How much longer to the outpost?

Gray: It's still some distance away.

Bangbangbang! The sound of intense gunfire comes from afar.

Grig: Gray! Those Dolls have caught up with us!

Gray: Dammit... Where's our backup?

Gray is usually calm, but now she's practically snarling into the communicator.

Bramedb: Ah, I'm here~♪

Bramedb: Don't make such a racket, Gray. Getting worked up does you no good.

Grig: Where are you? We need backup.

Grig: Our tails are following us too closely.

Bramedb: Oh, I know that, but what's the point of you constantly rushing me?

Bramedb: It'll take some time for me to get there, you know.

Gray: You've taken enough time to run to and from Avernus three times already.

Bramedb: Really now? That's strange, why does this route feel so long today?

Grig: ...

Bramedb: Right, enough chit-chat. I'm going to focus on running now.

Bramedb: See you soon. ♪

Click.

she disconnects the call in such a rush, it almost feels like she's hiding her uncontrollable laughter.

Grig: Gray...

Gray: ...

Gray grinds her teeth.

Gray: ...Looks like our backup isn't coming.

Grig: ...

Gray: ...No, now isn't the time for despair.

Gray: We need to get to the aircrafts. The most recent patrol is—

Grig: Gray, we can't allow them to catch up with us.

Gray: ...

Grig: I'll go intercept them.

Gray: But you're hurt, and further combat will be too much of a strain for you.

Grig: ...I'm fine.

Grig: If we let them get too far in... You'll be scolded by Father.

Gray: ...

Bangbangbang!

The constant gunfire seems to be drawing closer to them.

Grig: The aircrafts can only seat two people, so you should go first.

Grig: ...Also, they can't keep up with my speed. I'll come once I shake them off.

Gray: ...Alright.

Gray takes in the numerous wounds on Grig's body hesitantly. Then with a nod, she props up Morridow, who's on the verge of passing out, and turns to leave.

Whum—

Behind her, Grig's vibrating sabre hums once again.

Whoosh!

A cold, terrifying glint cleaves the air beneath the moonlight.

...Meanwhile, Nitrogen and Ferrum have recovered from their shock and set out once again.

Rhino: We were running blindly back there. I wonder where the trail went...

No. 9: Relax. I'm sure you can help us find it again.

Mona: ...

Gager: What's the matter?

Mona suddenly comes to a halt.

Mona: I think I heard the rustling of fabric.

Rhino: It's all the wind, I'm numb to it now.

No. 9: Not picking up enemy signals.

Architect: Frankly speaking, I get the feeling someone's giving us a death glare.

Gager: ...

Gager: Get ready for battle. This moron's pretty useless, but she has a keen sense for danger.

Architect: HEY!

Mona: Just in case, get rea—

Whum—

Mona: —?!

A familiar metallic hum fills the air. Mona subconsciously raises the muzzle of the gun she's holding.

Whoosh—!!

That phantasmal white figure darts through the black and green before them, like a praying mantis springing from its hiding place in a patch of flowers.

Rhino: Urgh...?!

Though they've been forewarned and are on their guard, amidst their hurried evasion, Rhino's body sprouts a great deal of clearly visible wounds in an instant.

Whoosh—

Rhino: So fast...

Mona: It's Grig!

The group turns to look at Grig, clad in white. Perching on top of a towering monolith, she looks down at them coldly.

She is like a brilliant moon in this sinister world.

A curved, sharp new moon, dripping with fresh blood.

Whoosh!

After making sure that the Dolls got a good look at her, Grig nods slightly before kicking off and vanishing.

This time, she doesn't charge into the midst of the squad, but disappears into the fog.

Mona: ...She's trying to wear us down, so keep that in mind!

Mona: Squad Ferrum, we'll need your fire support!

Gager: Roger.
Part 6

6

Bullets, cannonfire, close-range assaults... Grig skillfully handles all these attacks.

The sabre in her hand is almost like a natural extension of her body, nimbly executing attacks and parries.

She seems to be taking it in stride, but however flawless her swordsmanship is, it's hard-pressed to stop an endless stream of concentrated attacks...

Kaboom! The gunshots are immediately followed by an explosion at close range.

Clods of dirt fly into the air as Grig is blasted down a slope by the concussion.

The shrill ringing in her ear turns murky and indistinct, like she's sinking into deep water, while bright and dark spots begin dancing through her vision...

Grig: ...

Grig tries to prop herself up with her sabre, but her hand just can't seem to reach it.

Upon a closer look, she realizes that she no longer has her dominant hand.

Without any hesitation, Grig switches to her other hand and tries to prop herself up again.

Grig: Gray...

As light and darkness criss-cross intermittently through her field of vision, several indistinct figures reach out toward her, like drops of ink spreading through water...

The whizzing of bullets sounds like a gentle breeze to Grig, whose reflexes have slowed dramatically.

Still, she holds on to her sabre, like a knight that will never fall.

Grig: We...

Grig: ...will meet again...

Grig: In Avernus...

Grig raises her weapon with her remaining arm, its edge reflects her keen, indomitable gaze.

...In the Black Zone.

RO635 and company have followed Squad Ferrum and Squad Nitrogen into the "Dead Sea".

With the information from Mona, Squad Umbrella soon becomes used to the bizarre terrain of the Black Zone and they begin their pursuit as planned.

RO635: Nitrogen, Ferrum, be advised, we've entered the "Dead Sea" as well.

Mona: Copy, we've engaged Grig in combat, but there's no sign of Morridow or Gray. We'll contact you later.

Though they aren't in the conference room, RO can still hear the sound of intense gunfire coming from Mona's side.

RO635: Grig... Got it.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, there aren't any traces here, what should we do?

UMP45: Morridow's signal has long since left the effective radius.

RO635: Grig was probably left behind to delay them. Mona and the others are fighting her.

RO635: Looks like we've lost track of our target...

Having lost their lead once again, RO635 contemplates their next step.

XM8: Leader, do you remember the abandoned outpost I guided you to?

RO635: I remember. There were many signs of Paradeus activity there.

XM8: While I was waiting for you, I did a bit of looking around.

XM8: Turns out there were once comm frequencies for other outposts saved in its database.

RO635: The presence of multiple outposts means they're built to surround some key structure... Can you find the next outpost?

XM8: Outposts need to check in regularly with their HQ, which means they have comms equipment.

UMP45: And if they send a signal, we can detect it...

RO635: Then we can approach our objective while causing minimal disturbance.

RO635: Can you pick up any signals, 45?

UMP45: Already on it.

UMP45 and UMP9 immediately begin looking for clues concerning the outposts.

XM8 begins extrapolating the location of the other outposts from her existing data.

All their instruments are being affected by disruption from the radiation, which is visible to the naked eye. RO635 can't help but let out a little sigh.

RO635: The radiation level here is just too high.

UMP45: It's a limitation for us, but also for them. The equipment they can use is very limited.

Beep. The device in UMP45's hand makes a noise.

RO635: Did you find anything?

UMP9: Just a rough direction...

UMP9: I don't know if it's because of distance or because of the radiation, but the signal is very weak.

RO635: Let's search in this direction first.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just scouted the nearby terrain. I'll lead the way!

The heavy greenish fog obscures their vision, and the uneven terrain beneath their feet tries to trip them up.

After entering the Black Zone, what was once mushy dirt has hardened into solid monoliths, which makes walking that much more difficult.

After factoring in the complex terrain and radiation disruption, the Dolls are moving far slower than they did in the Red Zone.

UMP9: Weird, how come we've only traveled this far after walking for so long?

M4 SOPMOD II: I plotted a straight-line course for us!

XM8, whose head has been bowed all this time, suddenly looks up.

XM8: My chess sense tells me that we're close.

UMP45: Frankly speaking, if it were any further, we'd be out of signal reception range.

UMP9: But where is it...?

RO635: ...

(Rustle)

The Dolls immediately duck behind one of the standing rocks that are everywhere and cautiously poke their heads out.

RO635: Open the short-range squad channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Won't the enemy overhear us?

UMP45: The squad channel established by RO has a very limited range, so the enemy won't be able to pick it up from a distance.

UMP9: What was that noise? It sounded like something was driving over a road...

XM8: I see headlights!

On the dark path, a pair of small headlights cut through the gloom.

RO635: It's a cargo truck, we're at the right place.

M4 SOPMOD II: Are we going to intercept it? That way we'll have a vehicle!

RO635: No, we can't alert the enemy to our presence now.

Five pairs of eyes follow every move the truck makes, and soon the small lights vanish in a direction leading away from the "Dead Sea".

XM8: Leader, over there!

XM8's finger is trembling in excitement as she points toward the direction where she first spotted the truck.

Through the darkness, a gray building is visible above the black rocks.

XM8: ...That should be an outpost.

RO635: ...Correct.

RO635 quickly tamps down her excitement.

UMP9: It's true...

M4 SOPMOD II: So what do we do now?

RO635: We capture the outpost while keeping an eye on our target and doing our best not to draw the enemy's attention.

RO635: SOP-II, you're on point with me.

RO635: 45 and 9, follow us. XM8, you'll cover our rear and keep an eye out for enemy reinforcements.

The Squad: Roger!

Moving under the cover of the gloomy sky, the five-man team feels their way toward the sentry post...

Boom!!!

Under the fire support of Gager and Architect, the already-suppressed Paradeus forces are promptly decimated. Meanwhile, Rhino and Mona's coordinated fire clears them up swiftly.

Grig: ...Urgh!

Grig is already struggling to fully utilize her abilities on the uneven terrain, but under Architect's wild bombardment, her speed is greatly hindered as she stumbles and staggers.

With her movement radius steadily curtailed, even the fog can no longer hide her.

No. 9: This is our chance!

And just as she reveals an opening, No. 9—who has had her eyes on Grig all this time—seizes the opportunity to empty her magazine into her.

Grig: —?!

Grig is unable to evade in time, so she raises her sabre, trying to swat the bullets away with brute force.

However, in the very next moment, a figure that fills her with despair already has her cannon trained on her.

Architect: Yoohoo~

Architect: According to Agent, you like being treated like this, no?

Grig: !!

And in this moment of hesitation, cannon fire hits Grig accurately on her body.

BOOM!!!

Mona: Rhino!

Rhino: Got it!

Rhino immediately darts forward, securing Grig with Mona's help, and together they remove Grig's remaining arm.

Meanwhile, No. 9 keeps an eye on their surroundings.

Architect and Gager put their weapons away, then proceed to regroup with Mona and company.

Grig: ...

Rhino doesn't know if it's because of despair or some other reason, but the light in Grig's golden eyes starts dulling like gold lacquer discoloring from intense light.

But in an instant, she looks up again with resignation on her face.

Grig: ...You will gain nothing from me.

Grig: And I've already completed my mission.

Rhino: ...You really are insane.

Rhino clicks her tongue, then raises her gun.

Rhino: You're still talking tough even though death is at hand.

Architect: Are we killing her here or are we bringing her back?

Gager: Didn't we say we were going to remove her limbs?

Architect: Oh, I'm good at that! Leave it to me!

Rhino: Wait, don't rush—

Mona: —Stop! Look out!

Rhino: —?!

Just as everyone is discussing what to do with Grig, Mona senses something wrong and calls out to them.

Whum—!!!

Just then, a keen blade slices through the air with a deafening roar, instantly cleaving the rocks around them.

In the next moment—

BOOM!!!!

The shattered rocks are pulverized by cannonfire. The flying debris, which is surprisingly lethal, ends up boxing them in.

No. 9: Get down!

BOOM!!!

BOOM!!!!

BOOM!!!!!!

???: Hahahahahaha!!!

???: Where are they? Where are they? How dare you chase Big Sis!

???: Where are the trash and maggots that stalked us all the way here?!!!

A bout of maniacal laughter fills the air. Upon hearing that voice, Grig's eyes widen as she subconsciously looks up—

Grig: That voice...

Grig: Nar... Narciss...

A white figure descends from the sky. Behind her, a pilotless aircraft sails past her like a headless fly before crashing...

Boom!!!

The white aircraft crashes into a pile of smashed rocks and explodes in a blinding fireball, while the figure also plummets heavily to the ground.

The very earth trembles, and before this petite girl, it seems as though even the air has frozen over.

Narciss: Huh... How come it's only you? You're... What's your name, anyway?

Narciss: You're Gray's little lackey, right? Where's Big Sis?

Grig: Gray... took her away...

Narciss: WHAT?!

Narciss: That BITCH... Gray, you bitch... How dare you run off in secret—

Grig: ...

Narciss: ...Wait a minute, so you stayed behind to cover their retreat?

Narciss: Man, you must suck if this trash could beat you down like this.

No. 9: What's with her... Is she ignoring us?!

Mona: Wait! No. 9!

Whum—

Narciss assembles her floating blades.

A line gleams across the rock behind the place where No. 9 was standing before Mona tackles her to the ground. The entire top half of the rock slides off, crumbling into rubble.

Narciss: —I'm TALKING here! Who gave you permission to speak, trash?!

Grig: Narciss...

Narciss: You can screw off now.

Narciss: Big Sis will praise me for saving you.

Narciss: And then she'll praise me even more for getting rid of this trash.

Narciss: ...Twice the praise sounds twice as good—

Narciss: Now then, behave yourselves and just go to hell!!

Boom!!!
Part 7

    7chevron_right

Kaboom—

The dust thrown up by the cannonfire blends with the fog floating through the Black Zone, obscuring the Dolls from view.

Narciss: Son of a bitch! No! No, no, no, no, no!

Narciss: Stop running around!

Boom!!

Using the black dust clouds that fill the air for cover, Mona and the others steadily pull away from Narciss.

As she watches her enemy flee, Narciss relentlessly deploys the floating blades around her.

Whoosh—!

Whoosh, whoosh—!

However... with no way to pinpoint the targets, the floating blades can do nothing but return empty-handed, despite their power.

Narciss: GODDAMMIT!!!

Narciss explodes in anger and is just about to give chase when a hoarse voice calls out from behind her.

Grig: ...Don't chase them, Narciss.

Narciss: ...Who gave you permission to speak to me, trash?

Narciss: You have some nerve daring to speak after getting beaten up like that. Can you even call yourself a combat-type?

Narciss: And you're trying to give me orders too? What gives you the right?

Grig: ...That's not what I meant.

Grig: It will take some time for them to recover from the damage they've sustained. Rather than hunting them down, we still have other things we need to do.

Grig: Morridow... Big Sister Morridow needs you. She's been hurt very badly. Don't you want to see her soon?

Narciss: ...

Narciss tilts her head in contemplation. Perhaps Grig's words have swayed her, but she stops trying to set out after them.

Narciss: If it wasn't for Big Sis...

Narciss turns around with great annoyance and picks up Grig, grumbling as she heads back toward the outpost—she needs to find a new aircraft there.

Narciss: The only reason I'm doing this... is because you brought Big Sis back...

Grig: Ugh...

After roughly tossing the heavily-wounded Grig onto her aircraft, Narciss climbs into the cockpit.

She glances in the direction where the Dolls have fled, and her eyes flash once again with fury.

Narciss: Next time... Next time I'll slaughter every last one of you!!!

Narciss slams down a lever like she's taking her anger out on it, then she pilots the aircraft into the foggy sky...

...Elsewhere, after verifying that the enemy isn't pursuing them, Nitrogen and Ferrum finally stop their mad dash.

Gager immediately starts repairing herself.

Gager: That firepower was hard to handle.

Architect: ...What kind of scary combat capability was that!

Gager: She's also another one of those no-brain-all-brawn fighters, so how come she's so much stronger?

Architect: Yeah... HEY, I UNDERSTOOD THAT ONE! YOU'RE TAKING A SHOT AT ME, AREN'T YOU?!

Architect: Wait a minute, I'm not a fighter!

Mona: Is everyone alright?

Rhino: I'm okay, just a little hurt.

No. 9: No big deal. It won't affect the mission.

Rhino: Hey! You lost the bunny ears on your head!

No. 9: Those are my signal tracers... They can disguise my signal when needed.

No. 9: When we passed that aircraft just now, I figured they'd use it to return to their hideout, so I put one inside.

Architect: Then what about the other one?

No. 9: The other one... Well, I had to take it off because of fashion reasons.

Rhino: Fashion reasons?

No. 9: Stop asking so many questions!

Beep! The conference room channel broadcasts a hail tone again.

Mona: This is... an emergency contact signal?

...After quietly capturing the outpost.

RO635 and UMP45 connect to the outpost's database and search it for info.

UMP45: Their security system went down in one hit. They might as well be handing the info to us on a silver platter.

RO635: I found the outpost layout map.

XM8: Hang on.

XM8 and RO635 begin connecting lines on the map.

Many lines originate from all the outposts, extending into the blank expanse.

Eventually, the lines intersect.

And the place with the most intersections is—

RO635: We're close now... We're very close to this point...

RO635's finger lands on that inky black point.

Her voice trembles, but there's no way to tell if it's from excitement or nervousness.

RO635: We'll go here.

...RO635 and company follow the map to the intersection in that blank expanse.

However, there is nothing there.

No outpost, no other structures, and no Paradeus.

M4 SOPMOD II: How come there's nothing here?

RO635: ...

UMP45: XM8, did you make a mistake somewhere?

XM8: That's impossible! I couldn't have made a mistake in my calculations!

The group's anxious voices echo across the open plain.

UMP9: Could it be an underground base? Like that Paldiski Sub Base...

RO635: I doubt it. It's very difficult to perform deep excavation in terrain like this.

RO stomps the ground. The surface here is pretty much covered in hard bedrock.

UMP45: Should we search the surroundings?

RO635: It's too open here. If the enemy passes by, we'll be forced into a disadvantageous battle.

RO635: Let me contact Mona—

RO635: What's up, SOP-II?

Just as RO635 is about to make a call, she finds SOP-II squatting beside a green puddle.

M4 SOPMOD II: The water here is darker than usual.

UMP9: Could it be a difference in pollution levels?

M4 SOPMOD II: But when you look at it from a different angle, the black stuff in the water moves too.

RO635: Let me see.

Just as SOP-II said, the color of the water in this area is definitely darker.

But that's not because the water itself has changed, but because—

Because of what is reflected in it.

RO635 looks up.

RO635: ...?

Seeing RO's dramatic expression of utter shock, SOP-II looks up as well in confusion.

And then—

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoa... WHOAAAAA!!!

RO635: What...IS that?

UMP45: Is it a myth? Or an urban legend, maybe?

As the Dolls all direct their attention to the sky, they can see part of a massive object that seems to be floating in the sky.

It is a tower.

To be precise, it is a pair of black towers, joined at the base.

They are floating high in the sky, in flagrant disregard of gravity, and their metallic-looking surfaces radiate an oppressive air even from this distance.

The faint moonlight leaks out from between the two towers. Not even birds flying in the air would be visible against this light.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's so pretty...

SOP-II mutters her awe as she gazes at this sight, which cannot be adequately described by the word "miracle".

Then, as though waking from a dream, RO635 immediately sends out the emergency contact signal.

Beep...

Squad Nitrogen has connected...

Unable to contact the Commander.

RO635: ...Oh no.

UMP45: What's wrong?

RO635: I can't contact the Commander...

M4 SOPMOD II: Is Dandelion causing trouble again?!

UMP45: ...Hang on, let me check.

UMP45 verifies the network status and the comms system.

UMP45: Our connection to the outside world has been cut off, but the Aeneas conference room's signal is currently stable.

UMP45: Mona, can you guys hear me?

Mona: We've been here all this while, but what's the deal with losing contact with the Commander?

Architect: ...That sounds bad. Were we exposed?

RO635: If we were exposed, I believe we'd have hundreds of Paradeus units after us by now.

Gager: Are we changing our plan? It would not be wise to go any further without leadership.

UMP9: Wait, don't panic!

RO635: ...

RO635 falls silent for a while, then she turns to address the group and shakes her head.

She meets Mona's gaze resolutely.

RO635: We're continuing the op.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yup, that's right!

Mona: I'm not afraid or anything, but are you sure this is wise?

Mona: If the Commander doesn't know about our situation, then there won't be any rescue for us if something goes wrong.

RO635: Paradeus has chosen to activate their signal jamming now, which means we're very close to our destination, and that our presence is a threat to them.

RO635: If we withdraw now, it's likely that we'll be intercepted by Paradeus forces.

RO635: Also, if we want to enter this place again, we'll only end up having to pay a higher price for it.

Mona: ...

RO635: Besides, we were never going to get any support or rescue in this place anyway.

Architect: Looks like we're destined to wake up in a repair tank after all.

RO635: It might sound cruel, but we should all have expected this before we set out...

Mona: I can feel your determination. We need to continue the mission.

RO635: That's right. We don't have the luxury of multiple tries. Everything is riding on one big bet.

The Aeneas conference room channel falls silent as everyone ponders the implication of RO's decision.

XM8: Well, let's leave all this talk of death and rescue aside for now. What bothers me is—

XM8: How are we going to get up there?

RO635: ...

XM8: If we're going to continue the mission, we'll need a way to climb those towers, right?

XM8: But they're floating in the air...

XM8 points to the massive floating towers. They are rather far away from the ground, making them very difficult to scale.

Also, the only thing connecting the towers to the ground are a few thick pipes.

M4 SOPMOD II: We'll just climb up then! There's tons of pipes anyway!

UMP9: Eh— I can't!

XM8: Is that... a power conduit? Things are going to be very bad if it gets wrecked while we're climbing it!

RO635: A power conduit?

XM8: Yeah, didn't Papasha accidentally cut one while she was operating her construction mech?

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: So that was Papasha's doing...

XM8: Uh, did I say something wrong...

RO635: Not at all, Chessmaster.

RO635's eyes suddenly lights up again, and she thumps XM8 heavily on the shoulder.

RO635: I know how to reach the towers.

...In Avernus' main hall.

Gray and Morridow stumble inside, trailed by wisps of dirt that have been churned up by the air.

???: Ah... Big Sister Gray, Big Sister Morridow.

???: You have returned.

A Nyto greets them by the door. Her language is polite and deferential, her tone is very placid.

She regards the grievous injuries on their bodies and stands perfectly still.

Gray: What are you doing here?

???: I have just activated the signal jammer... Big Sister Nemhran says it is time to perform pest control.

Morridow: ...Nemhran called you here? What's your name?

Ashley: I am Ashley, Big Sister Morridow.

Gray: ...Grig is still outside the tower. She needs help.

Ashley: ...

Gray: ...Didn't you hear me?

Morridow: Don't worry... Gray.

Morridow: Nemhran always has backup plans.

Morridow's eyes flash with menace as she looks at Ashley.

Ashley: Allow me to send you to the repair room, Big Sister Morridow.

Ashley comes forward to help Morridow up, but Morridow pushes her away.

Morridow: I want to see Father.

Ashley: What...?

Ashley: ...I'm sorry, but I have not received orders to that effect.

Morridow: ...Tell Nemhran.

Morridow: I saw "that Big Sister". Only I can provide information regarding her.

Morridow: It doesn't matter if you don't understand what I'm saying as long as you relay my exact words. Remember, this is extremely important to Father.

Ashley: ...Please stand by.

Ashley bows courteously, then leisurely turns around.

Staring at Ashley's back, Morridow bites her lip nervously to keep her trembling body under control.

She knows that her own life is now on the gambling table, and the winner takes all.

And she has no choice but to go all-in.

...

...On the Aeneas conference room channel. The Commander's terminal is on recording mode.

In the silent room, the subdued atmosphere makes it a little hard to breathe.

All the Dolls are fully aware of the severity of the situation, and it is because of this that they are all silent.

They are waiting for RO635.

RO635: We can now be sure that our communications channels with the outside world have been completely severed. There is no telling when they will be restored.

RO635: Because we cannot contact the Commander at present, I have temporarily activated the recording mode on the Commander's terminal.

RO635: That way, when the Commander can contact us, they'll be able to see our mission progress.

The Dolls look hopefully toward the monitor where the Commander's face would normally appear.

However, only a cold, unfeeling camera head is there staring back at them.

RO635 nods in the Commander's direction, the same way she begins every meeting.

RO635: Now then, Commander, the meeting has begun. Our mission will be divided into 6 phases.

Returning the Dolls' uneasy gazes, RO635 calmly outlines the mission for them.

RO635: Our forces on this mission can be divided into three types—support, decoy, and search teams.

RO635: The first phase of the mission will involve finding the power plant. First, our support team will be... Chessmaster.

XM8: Present.

RO635: We can only infiltrate the towers when we have cut their power supply.

RO635: Otherwise, with the opposition fully prepared and ready, we will be spotted the moment we attempt to sneak in.

UMP45: Still, you also have to consider that there's no way they don't have a backup plan.

UMP45: Surely such a massive floating structure must have a backup power supply.

RO635: ...Yes, but the chaos caused by the initial power outage will be enough cover for us.

XM8: Hang on, am I the only one going? What if I can't do it?! I'm an intellectual, you know!

RO635: Scenario 1—you arrive and come to the conclusion that you can't do it, report to us immediately.

RO635: We will then proceed with the next phase of the operation. All you need to do is launch a feint to confuse them. Once we enter the towers, you may retreat.

XM8: What about Scenario 2?

RO635: You complete the mission, but realize that the enemy has a backup plan, or they have pinned you down so thoroughly that you cannot retreat.

RO635: In that case, withdrawal is your top priority. If you can't do that... cause as much trouble for them as you can.

XM8: ...

...In other words, XM8 will have to do everything she can to draw Paradeus' attention.

That most certainly implies that she will be sacrificed.

RO635: ...I'm sorry for giving you such a harsh mission.

RO635: But in this operation, every one of us must risk our all.

Faced with this order, XM8 simply grins.

XM8: Aw, it's okay, causing trouble is my stock in trade.

XM8: Even if I can't figure out how to disable their power supply, I just have to chuck a dozen or two grenades and call it a day, right?

XM8 laughs, but nobody follows up on her joke.

RO635: Next up, Phase 2... Unicorn.

UMP45: Here.

RO635: I don't need you to take part in direct combat, but you NEED to maintain the conference room signal.

RO635: Technically speaking, Phase 2 does not follow Phase 1; they will proceed simultaneously.

RO635: You will also be a support team. Now that we can't contact the Commander, we need to at least make sure we can communicate among ourselves.

RO635: Nothing is more important than this... If we lose contact during the operation, the mission is essentially a failure.

UMP45: ...No problem. Leave it to me.

UMP9: We'll be waiting here for you guys to come back!

Mona: I'm sorry, I'm not trying to rain on your parade... but if Paradeus finds an abnormal signal and patches into it...

RO635: ...

RO635: That's the reason why we're laying out the full plan right now.

RO635: If it turns out we can't communicate with each other for any reason, continue with the plan, but adapt the execution to fit the circumstances.

UMP45: You'd better pray that doesn't happen... Because if it does, anything we do may very well be too little, too late.

UMP45: Considering how little fighting strength we have, once our raid is discovered, we're essentially lambs to the slaughter.

Mona: ...

RO635: Next is Phase 3, for which we will need a decoy team... Squad Ferrum.

Gager: ...

RO635 looks at the two S.F. Dolls and pauses briefly.

Gager gazes silently at RO635.

Then Architect lets out a knowing giggle.

Architect: So we're your trump cards, then?

Architect: Just give us the most important mission you have, and we'll get it done.

RO635: ...I need you to draw their fire in a stand-up fight.

RO635: To be precise, I need you to climb the tower platform, and cause a huge ruckus.

RO635: You will fight countless Paradeus forces and there will be high-ranking Nytos coming to intercept you.

RO635: And it's very likely there will be more than one of the latter.

Gager: ...

RO635: You are the squad with the greatest firepower in the entire team, which means you're the only ones who can complete this mission.

Gager shoots Architect a glance. She looks like she wants to say something, but Architect speaks up before she can.

Architect: So you want us to do a song and dance at the enemy's doorstep? That's what a trump card ought to be doing.

Gager: ...How about the timeframe? How long do you need us to do this for?

RO635: For as long as possible.

RO635: That's because we know nothing about the towers' interior, and we don't know where exactly Ange is being held.

RO635: We will search as quickly as we can, but... I can't tell you exactly how much time we'll need.

Architect: And once we can't hold out any longer, the Paradeus forces that swarm back in will tear you all to itty bitty pieces in an instant?

RO635: ...Yes.

Architect: Are you really willing to give me such an important task?

Architect: Do you really have that much faith in me?

RO635: Yes.

M4 SOPMOD II: You'd better do a good job! If you succeed, I'll let you rip my legs off after we go back!

Architect: Hahaha! You'd better not regret those words, then!

Architect: Gager, would you mind keeping me company?

Gager: Since you've already decided... I have no further questions.

Gager: But let me lay this out here—we can't get by with spirit alone. If we can't handle it, then we can't, period.

Gager: In particular, the search party sneaking into the towers will be operating covertly, so you can't take the heat off us.

Gager: We can't possibly hold off all of Paradeus by ourselves.

RO635: I know that, which is why—during Phase 5, I will have people cause a disturbance at the eastern and western towers.

RO635: That ought to ease the strain on you.

Mona: Who will go?

RO635: ...The Commander's backup.

RO635: They will take the eastern and western towers respectively.

Architect: Well, I certainly look forward to that!~

RO635: Let's talk about Phase 4 first—we'll need a search team...

RO635: Nitrogen.

Mona: Present.

RO635: Right now, we've commandeered three aircrafts from the outpost. SOP-II and I need one.

RO635: The remaining two will be for your use.

RO635: With Squad Ferrum covering us, we will fly to the bridge on around level 30 or 40.

RO635: That's when we will meet up again. I need you to help us with the search work.

No. 9: What if we fail to link up?

RO635: Then we work separately. That's Plan B for Phase 4.

RO635: The worst case scenario is if you can't extract from the bridge, in other words Plan C, where you will take the role of bait. Can you handle it?

Mona: No problem.

Mona nods with conviction.

Mona: Worst comes to worst, we can help ease the burden on Squad Ferrum.

Mona: Even so, we can't keep holding out forever. After all, we'll be in the belly of the beast. Plus, we need to safeguard the aircrafts as our withdrawal route.

RO635: I know... That's why I need Unicorn to keep the conference room comms open.

RO635: We don't know how much time we have. We need to treat every minute we have as though it were our last.

RO635: And then we have the final objective of the plan... In other words, "Phase 0".

RO635: Ensure Angelia's safety and bring her back to Berlin.

Rhino: Alright, let's assume the best happens and we find Ange and rescue her.

Rhino: How are we going to take her away?

RO635: I was just about to get to that.

RO635: As you can see, we are in a Black Zone.

RO635: The cargo beds of transport trucks here have emergency radiation-isolated oxygen chambers.

RO635: We need to use them to transport Ange... At least, until we leave the Black Zone.

Mona: Doing so will slow us down significantly.

Rhino: In other words... even if we do rescue her, we'll probably need someone to stay behind and cover our retreat...

Everyone: ...

RO635: As long as we move fast enough and withdraw in good order, we might be able to receive backup when we leave this area...

Mona: The enemies we face are going to be very hard to handle.

RO635: As for our enemies—according to our information, there are currently six known high-ranking Nytos.

RO635: They will be our main enemies, whether it's during the rescue or evacuation.

No. 9: First off is the speedy one, the one called "Grig".

No. 9: Her speed and attack power are frankly unfair.

RO635: Yes, her swordsmanship is excellent, but she's easy to deal with if you can find a way to bring the fight to her.

RO635: High-speed movement is highly dependent on the terrain, and she has practically no ranged attack abilities.

RO635: As long as you can limit her range of movement and pen her in, you can try to suppress her.

Mona: What about Bramedb and Gray?

UMP45: Bramedb's primary combat method is electronic warfare.

UMP45: However high her specs might be, she can't directly hack multiple units in rapid succession.

UMP45: If you can harass her with ranged weapons and distract her, she shouldn't be a problem... I should point out that I'm a pro at electronic warfare.

RO635: As for Gray... Her most obvious weakness is that she also has no ranged combat capabilities.

RO635: Her abilities are in the middle of the pack for a high-ranking Nyto, so as long as you engage her appropriately and switch between explosives and long-ranged attacks, you should be able to defeat her in a straight fight.

UMP9: Morridow hardly bears mentioning; she's probably still being repaired...

UMP9: How do you fix a Nyto?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll scrap one for you next time, then you'll find out!

RO635: Morridow is the leader of the high-ranking Nytos, so there's little chance we'll fight her directly...

RO635: Or rather, if we meet her, we should watch out for the one beside her.

Architect: So the final problem is still...

RO635: ...

Mona: ...

UMP45: ...Narciss.

Mona: It's hard to tell where she'll show up.

RO635: If she does, there is only one option.

Gager: Which is?

RO635: Run.

RO635: Judging by our previous confrontations, I can conclude that we have practically zero chance of beating Narciss without M4 or Dandelion.

Architect: Couldn't have picked a smarter choice.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? But that's just five of them. Shouldn't there be one more?

RO635: That one came from data provided by another information source.

RO635: They have one more high-ranking Nyto among them, but practically nothing is known about her beyond the fact that she exists.

RO635: This is just for reference, but if you encounter her, you'll need to be on highest alert.

Mona: Understood.

RO635: If any squad encounter enemies other than these six, then they will immediately switch to a new objective—collecting data on that Nyto is the highest priority.

Everyone: ...Roger.

RO635: We know next to nothing about the situation inside the towers, so even if we've drawn up this plan...

RO635: We'll still need to be very flexible during the operation itself... It is very likely we will take losses there.

RO635: Simply put, we have no time, and no opportunity to come back and recover the cores of anyone who is KIA.

RO635: Therefore, please do your best to keep yourselves safe as long as it does not compromise the mission... Especially you, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll be fine!

RO635: 45.

UMP45: What is it?

RO635: Our backup has arrived. We'll need to authorize them to access the Aeneas conference room.

UMP45: Understood.

M4 SOPMOD II: So who are the newcomers?

RO635: ...You'll find out in due time.

M4 SOPMOD II: You're not even going to tell me?!

RO635: ...That's the entire plan. Any questions?

The Dolls study the plan in silence. Nobody asks any questions. Everyone simply waits quietly.

M4 SOPMOD II: Looks like everyone's okay. Let's head out, RO!

RO looks around at the Dolls, but she does not give the command to begin the operation.

RO635: ...

RO635: I can see the doubts on your faces.

RO635: I've already shut off recording mode, so you may express them without reservation.

Mona: ...

Gager: ...

RO635: I understand how you must feel. This mission is like nothing we've ever carried out before.

RO635: Whether it's our target, the difficulty, or our backup status, there is no doubt that it is incredibly risky and dangerous.

RO635: Let me speak plainly—we are going out there to die.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

RO635: You must be wondering, why is it that "we" have to die? Is our mission objective really worth all our deaths?

RO635: But your professional upbringing won't let you say that.

Mona: I have to admit, I've been thinking about why we need to sacrifice so many people to save a single agent.

Mona: We would have much less of a burden to carry if all we had to do was explore the "Dead Sea".

RO635: That's right. If we could just abandon a fragile human being, then we could easily go in and out of the "Dead Sea".

RO635: So why, then?

RO635: Why do we have to stake everything we have to rescue a single human being?

The Dolls look away, unable to answer.

RO635: Very little was said about Ange, the objective of this mission, in our briefing material.

RO635: Allow me to fill you in on her.

RO635: Ange is, in fact, an ordinary human being. As an agent, she has been active in various theaters, doing her best to stop war and the power of the Relics from falling into the hands of those with impure intentions.

RO635: That is because she knows that if the power of the Relics is abused, the world will end up like the ground beneath our feet.

The Dolls look around them, at the nightmarish landscape of the "Dead Sea". It is indeed a place where not even Dolls, let alone humans, can survive.

RO635: The first time I heard Ange's name was when she set off a dirty bomb right next to herself in order to stop a Military plot.

Mona: ...When I heard about that, I was shocked that she was still alive.

Rhino: But when humans are exposed to radiation at such close range, won't they—

Rhino forces herself to swallow the words she is about to say.

RO635: Yes, she was severely injured during that blast, but she hung in there and continued her mission.

RO635: Her trail led from Tallinn, to Paldiski Submarine Base, and all the way to Germany.

RO635: Despite countless run-ins with death, her faith has never once wavered.

Mona: I hope I'll get the chance to meet such a veteran in person.

No. 9: She is truly a fearless hero.

RO635: She has tried to save the world all this while, and now it is time for us to save her.

There are looks of respect on the Dolls' faces.

RO635: She is not the first hero to fight for freedom, and she will most definitely not be the last.

RO635: She has given everything she has, and what she has done will never be made public; it will be hidden under the dust of time.

RO635: However—

RO635: Those who blaze a trail for freedom are not concerned with the thorns in their way.

RO635: So we have to save her, and right now, only we can save her.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right!

Mona: ...

Gager: ...

RO635 stops talking, and silence descends once again.

But unlike the confusion from before, the Dolls have found the will to continue with the mission, more or less.

RO635: Any questions?

All Dolls: NO!

RO635: In that case, let us commence Operation Aeneas!

RO635: Everyone, please take care!

RO635: I sincerely hope that we'll live to tell the tale.
Part 2

2

Stasi HQ, Berlin.

Romy: So they can't cross?

Secretary: Yes, Director Riefenstahl. That was what the General said.

Romy: ...But the General said earlier that he would contact me once he reached Frankfurt.

Romy: And I have things here that I need to report to him.

Secretary: My apologies, but the General has made his opinion clear.

Secretary: ...He is unable to respond to your calls at the moment and he hopes that you will stay in Berlin for the time being.

Secretary: When the time is right, he will arrange for you to return to your business in Frankfurt.

Romy: ...Understood.

Click.

The transmission ends.

Romy: ...

...What happened on the plane?

Why did the General suddenly change his mind and have her remain in Berlin for the time being?

Romy: ...Get Kevin in here.

J: ...Director? You called?

Romy: I have a new job for you.

Romy puts a list of names she has just finished scribbling on the table and pushes it over to J.

J takes it, a look of suspicion on his face, and gives it a quick once-over.

J: ...Aren't these all key personnel at the Ministry of Defense?

Romy: Look into their background. Work in secrecy.

J: Got it...

With a nod, he puts the list away. Then he looks up at Romy again, debating silently if he should speak.

Romy: What's the matter?

J: ...It's about the "Dead Sea". It seems something has gone wrong over there.

J: Should we send some support?

Romy: ...That matter has already been concluded.

J: Say what?

J looks incredulous.

Romy: Do you need me to repeat myself?

Romy: Our mission is already over.

J: ...Over? How can it be over?

J: We just started feeling around the edges of the "Dead Sea"!

J: The battle has only just begun!

Romy: For "us", it is over.

Romy calmly returns her subordinate's stare.

J: ...I see.

J: So from the beginning, this is as far as we needed to go, is that it?

Romy: ...

Romy does not answer J's question. She simply leans back into her chair.

J: There's no way the Commander's squad will be able to leave in one piece without our help.

Romy: That's the Commander's problem.

J: We're ALLIES! Isn't this a form of betrayal?!

Romy: There is only one thing you can't betray, Agent J.

Romy: That would be the Stasi.

J: ...

Romy: We and the Commander were simply using each other. And now, the time has come to draw in our nets.

Romy: Don't throw tantrums like a child.

J: ...Good day.

J resists the urge to slam the door and leaves the office with as much politeness as he can muster.

After leaving Romy's line of sight, J viciously throws the documents down on the table, startling K, who's sitting beside him.

K: What's gotten into you? How about backup for the Commander?

J: That old hag denied it!

J: She was going on about how we were both using each other. If she's going to order people around then why doesn't—

K: Did she ask us to terminate the operation?

J: ...Huh? What?

K: Or did she ask the Commander to terminate the operation?

J: No, actually...

K: Good.

K lets some of the tension flow out of him.

J: Wait, what do you mean?

K: Officially, support has been denied, but civilian backup from unknown origins is not similarly restricted...

J: Wait a minute, so you're saying—

K smiles and picks up his folder, then strides out of the office.

J: Hey, wait!

Inside the temporary safe house.

Beep, beep.

ST AR-15: ...Commander!

Commander: Have comms been restored on Mr. Kryuger's side?

ST AR-15: No... It's Agent K.

ST AR-15 hands the command tablet to the Commander.

Commander: I hope this is good news.

K: Our work has gone very well.

K: Mr. Kryuger will be released soon...

Commander: Thank you for letting me know.

K: Don't sweat it... It's the least I could do.

K gazes at the Commander and falls silent for a while.

K: Contact me if you need further assistance.

Commander: Yeah, thanks.

Click.

The call ends.

Commander: ...

The Commander looks at the tablet in their hands and frowns.

But then they think about the outcome that has already been decided, and they breathe a sigh of relief.

...Inside the Earl's room.

The Earl is sitting on his chair, quietly drinking the cup of tea he is holding.

Beep.

The new email alert breaks the silence.

Earl: ...Looks like they've made a bit of progress at last..

The Earl puts down his teacup and reads the email, paying attention to the sender's address.

???: "The spider has returned."

???: "But she walked out of "his" room alive, and gained an opportunity for promotion."

Earl: So those who fail in Paradeus can also avoid the death sentence, hm.

???: "The exact reason is related to a girl named Lunasia."

Earl: ...

The Earl's eyebrows rise. He scrolls down the page eagerly, but there is no more content in the email.

After removing all traces of it, the Earl picks his cup up again. His eyes narrow as he thinks back on the distant past.

Earl: Lunasia...
Part 3

3

Morridow: ...

On the brink of death, Morridow lies on the surgical table, holding her breath and not daring to make a sound.

...At least, not until that man speaks.

A clean, slender hand takes hold of a somewhat dated record player, then guides the needle onto the surface of a vinyl record.

Shortly after, elegant, flowing music breaks the silence, filling the air all around and echoing in the confined space.

Those long, slender fingers are now grasping a surgical scalpel firmly, its translucent blade gleaming in the light.

Morridow: ...Father.

William?: Shh.

The man presses his index finger to his lips, cutting off Morridow's voice with some dissatisfaction.

The keen edge travels back and forth before Morridow, reflecting the light into her eyes, and she can't help but feel a slight chill.

(Rustle)

The scalpel's edge is as thin as a cicada's wing. It slices open her skin, and amidst the cool sensation, she can feel warm, fresh blood flowing down her cheeks.

William?: Nemhran says... you claim to have something important to report.

The man's voice is very quiet, as though what he was doing was a gentle, loving caress.

William?: You know that I hate wasting time.

Morridow: ...

(Gulps)

Morridow swallows reflexively.

...She knows very well that making this request is a huge gamble.

But at the same time... she is certain that it will pay off.

Morridow: ...Lunasia.

William?: ...

The sharp blade halts on Morridow's cheek. The wounds from earlier keep gushing blood, but none of it touches the scalpel.

William?: Where did you learn that name from?

Morridow: ...I saw her in person, Father.

Morridow forces down her fear and keeps the quavering from her voice.

Morridow: Please... give me a chance.

William?: ...

Morridow musters the last of her strength and connects to the room's holographic projector.

It is a familiar garden. Two indistinct figures sit side by side.

???: You really do like this garden very much, considering how you come here to keep me company every day.

???: My apologies... (Coughs) If only I wasn't so weak and feeble. You still have your own research, right? You don't need to keep worrying about me. Go do what you want to do.

???: We're simply taking shelter here for a while. Once the storm passes, Father will surely bring us back.

A resounding slap lands on Morridow's cheek, forcing her to stop her simulation.

William?: THIS IS NOT SOMETHING YOU SHOULD SEE!!

Morridow dares not move, because the edge that could take her life at any moment is now pressed against her throat.

Blood keeps flowing... drop by drop.

Morridow: ...Of course not, Father.

Though she sounded confident enough in front of Gray... right now, the anxiety she feels is choking her.

Her life, or perhaps her death, is entirely at the whim of the person before her.

Morridow: I have had the honor of speaking to her... more than once.

William?: Sister...

The man mutters quietly, unconsciously letting go of Morridow's face.

His brain seems to be working rapidly, and multiple expressions cross his face in a short span of time.

William?: Is she still there?

As she looks at the savage joy on the man's face, Morridow takes a deep breath to help preserve her calm.

Morridow: She has already left—

Morridow: But I know how to see her again.

Before his face can turn gloomy, she hastily adds that last line.

The man violently grabs Morridow by the head and stares her dead in the eyes.

Morridow: ...

She holds her breath once again, meeting his gaze without flinching.

William?: ...

After a brief moment of silence, the man slowly lets go.

William?: Make sure no one else learns of this.

Morridow: ...Of course.

Morridow: I understand, Father.

William?: ...Good.

The man turns around and glances at a White Nyto behind him.

William?: Send her to the modification chamber. I'll be there in a few minutes.

William?: ...Be honored. I have not performed a procedure myself in a long time.

Morridow: Thank you, Father...

Morridow is almost dragged out of the room by the Nyto.

Her head droops weakly, and strands of her hair obscure her face.

Nobody can see her smile.

M4A1: ...If that's your wish, I can fulfill it.

Morridow closes her eyes, and in the darkness she sees M4 smiling at her, her face full of pity.

Click.

XM8: Um... This is the last place.

After turning off the offline map in her hand, XM8 carefully severs the security circuits in the power distributor before her. Holding her little knife in her teeth, she sticks a bomb onto the device.

XM8: Miss Persica is amazing... I didn't think this offline map could actually simulate the layout of the power plant.

Also, if one thinks about it, it would be practically impossible for her as a single individual to paralyze an entire power plant...

Yet the pulse bombs provided by Persica have made the impossible possible.

Black Nyto: ...

XM8: ...!

As the patrolling footsteps draw close, XM8 pulls her entire body behind cover.

Behind her, the white troopers and their accompanying Nyto march primly down their patrol route. XM8 watches their backs nervously until they vanish completely from view. Only then does she dare stick her head out.

XM8: ...I'd have been dead if they had found me.

The security at the power plant is tighter than she imagined.

XM8: ...

She briefly glances downward.

There are less than five minutes until the detonation of the first bombs she planted.

XM8: Chessmaster here, the mission will be complete in five minutes. Over.

RO635: Umbrella copies.

Right, that's taken care of...

XM8 takes a deep breath.

The detonation is only the beginning. She's going to make this place the world's messiest battlefield and stand her ground for as long as she can.

This game of chess will be her masterpiece.

...In Avernus' main hall.

Ethereal singing fills the air.

Nemhran: Through me the way into the city of miserable melancholy,

Nemhran: Through me the way into the tower of utmost delight,

Nemhran: Through me the way into the doomed masses.

Black Nyto: Two suns, each illuminating a path.

White Nyto: The path of the mundane world, and the path of the merciful Father.

Black/White Nyto: Sanctum turned into the Devil's pit, the scales into an alter, drenched in sinners' blood.

Black/White Nyto: Each Fury with her nails was tearing at her breast; they smote them with their hands, and cried so loud.

...

Gray: When half way through the journey of our life,

Gray: Through this Heaven and Hell art we led,

Nemhran: Thou wast made before I unmade.

Nemhran: The anguish thou art in perchance withdraws thee from my memory.

Nemhran: We shall be together, in neither Heaven nor Hell, neither cursed nor redeemed. I did not die, nor yet remained alive.

The amassed Nytos gather around the faint light pouring on that fiendish-looking statue. Led by Nemhran, their voices blend into a chorus.

Even the maniacal, thoughtless Narciss is quiet and subdued here.

This is an occasion where no disturbance or disruption is permitted.

Nemhran: ...

As the gathered Nytos pray, Nemhran lifts her eyes slightly toward the spiral staircase above her—

Morridow is there, covered in blood, being helped up its steps by a pair of Nytos.

Nemhran: Looks like she survived...

Nemhran: ...Father is truly merciful.

Nemhran looks away from them and gazes thoughtfully at the statue before her.

Today, the headless goddess points toward the light, just like every other day.

Black/White Nyto: Merciful Father, bring us—

Snap.

Suddenly, an ominous humming interrupts the prayer.

The black and white Nytos rise to their feet one after the other, looking around at their surroundings, which have been deprived of their illumination for some unknown reason.

Gray: ...An alert? What happened?

Bramedb: It's the power station.

White Nyto: Big Sisters...

White Nyto: Intruders have appeared on the platform!

Nemhran: Narciss.

Narciss: ...Heh, HAHAHAHA!

Narciss: Good, good, I was getting bored of this anyway!

Upon receiving Nemhran's go-ahead, the already-antsy Narciss takes off her mask to reveal the crazed look on her face before she runs out of the main hall.

Beep.

After a brief warning chime, the backup power supply kicks in, and the hall returns to its original state.

Nemhran: Do not worry.

Nemhran's quiet command instantly quells the uneasy Nytos.

Nemhran: This was expected... Were you hoping that these bothersome flies would do nothing but buzz around before our eyes?

Gray: ...

Nemhran: I detected 14 Dolls before this.

Nemhran: The one at the power plant is...

Whoosh—

In an instant, the data on Tactical Doll XM8 enters all the Nytos' virtual cognition images.

From her model number, to her Imprinted weapon, her tactical inclinations, her service history... it's all there.

Nemhran: There is no need to panic.

Nemhran: She is merely a capering clown.

Nemhran glances at the Nyto next to her casually and beckons at her.

The White Nyto obediently steps up.

Nemhran: The backup power supply will last one hour.

Nemhran: It is more than enough to eliminate this Doll. Send your people over.

White Nyto: Yes, it shall be done.

Nemhran: Also... once it's done, eliminate all the personnel involved and have them replaced.

Nemhran: We do not keep failures here.

White Nyto: Yes...

Gray: ...I will take responsibility for handling this matter.

Nemhran: Of course you will.

Nemhran looks disdainfully at Gray.

Nemhran: As for the other units... Report to me immediately once the battle begins.

Nemhran: I will be sharing information in real-time.

Nemhran looks around at everyone.

Nemhran: Leave only one survivor. As for the rest—kill them all.

Gray: ...Understood.

Bramedb: Got it.

Nemhran: This may be your last chance, Gray.

Nemhran: ...Cherish it.

Gray: ...

Gray closes her eyes.

In the darkness before her is Grig, so pale that she is nearly translucent, lying in a repair tank.

Gray: Grig...

She mutters to herself as she leaves the hall.

Bramedb: How sad~

Nemhran: As for the rest of you—resume your prayers!

Nemhran: Did anyone say you could stop?

White Nyto: ...!

At Nemhran's command, the low-ranking Nytos who did not receive any orders return to their places hastily.

And on the tower platform not far from this place, the curtains rise on a bloody massacre.

...On the tower platform, Avernus.

The hollow-eyed Nytos pace out their patrol route like marionettes.

Black Nyto: ...

White Nyto: How many aircrafts were there in the captured outpost?

Black Nyto: We are taking stock now, but there were at least six of them. However, some of them were destroyed. We can't sync our information at the moment...

White Nyto: ...

Black Nyto: Do you think the intruders will enter the towers?

White Nyto: How likely do you think it is that people willingly go to their deaths?

There is a hint of disdain in the White Nyto's voice.

White Nyto: It would obviously save us the effort of finding them if they come walking in themselves.

White Nyto: The secrets of Avernus must never be revealed. Even if they did not come, our sisters would not permit them to leave with our secrets.

Black Nyto: ...

The Black Nyto nods in understanding.

White Nyto: Have you finished your patrol?

Black Nyto: Yes. This is the 327th one today. No abnormalities found.

White Nyto: Then—

The White Nyto nods, then just as she is about to turn and leave—

Whoosh—

A hand suddenly reaches out from beyond the edge of the platform like an earthbound spirit, closing around the Black Nyto's ankle.

Before she can cry out, she is forcefully flung off the platform and into the abyss.

White Nyto: —?!

The White Nyto witnesses the whole thing, but just as she is about to cry out—

There is a flash of dazzling white, and a pillar of light rises from below, instantly piercing her throat.

She tumbles to the side, like a puppet whose strings have been cut, and falls from the platform.

Right after that, two girls in black haul themselves up from the edge of the platform.

Gager: We've reached the platform.

Architect: Man, I'm beat... How come THEY get the aircrafts while we have to climb all the way up?!

Gager: ...Cut the crap. It's time to work.

Architect: Yup... You're right. ♪

Architect grins as she loads the cannon she's holding.

Architect: Ferrum to Unicorn, we've reached the platform.

Architect: Preparing to fire—

Kaboom—

White Nyto: W-we're under attack!!

Bang, bang, bang!!

The Nytos patrolling the platform are suddenly under attack. In a panic, they try to counterattack, but they are promptly shredded by the heavy bombardment of ordnance from above.

UMP45: Unicorn copies... Oh, you piece of work. Don't just start shooting before I even send an acknowledgement.

Gager: Enemies at 1 o'clock have all been eliminated.

Architect: Yaaay! What difference does it make? It all ends up the same anyway! Hahahaha!!!

Gager: Get back behind cover.

The ferocious fire abates, and their nimble figures roll behind the transport truck they're using for cover.

BOOM!!!

Amidst the glow of the explosions, they stand back to back, holding a cannon and gunbow respectively.

UMP45: Oh, well... Not like it's a bad thing.

UMP45: Umbrella and Nitrogen have begun their infiltration. Hang in there.

Architect: No problem! I guarantee aaaalll~ eyes will be on us!

Gager: Don't get careless!

After their initial panic, the Paradeus forces respond quickly and immediately surround the two intruders.

However, even in the face of so many enemies, the laughing Doll and her grim-faced partner simply raise their weapons and generously baptize their opponents in flames.

Gager: Start by taking out the heavy weapons on the platforms!

Gager: All we can count on here is a firepower advantage!

Architect: Got it!

Architect licks her lips and lifts her cannon.

After a round of fire, she takes aim again, but not at the enemy or their aircrafts.

Instead—

Boom!

Boom!!

Boom!!!

Gager: Where the hell are you shooting?!

Architect: At the tower entrance, of course!

Architect: Take that out first and their reinforcements won't be able to get out here so easily!

Gager: ...!

Before Gager can object, Architect's bombardment has already collapsed the passage that was originally meant for transport trucks.

The white troopers and Nytos who couldn't flee in time have been buried under the metal and rubble.

Architect: That should buy us at least another five minutes, right?

Gager: You...

Gager: This is Ferrum, no high-ranking Nytos sighted on the platform.

UMP45: Unicorn copies. Don't lower your guard.

UMP45: They should have aircrafts inside the towers.

UMP45: Reinforcements should be arriving soon.

UMP9: Which high-ranking Nyto do you think will show up?

Gager: ...If it's Grig or Gray, we can handle them.

Gager: Bramedb is even less of an issue. We're not so weak that electronic disruption would cripple us.

UMP9: Haha, then I hope you don't draw the worst card.

Architect: It'll be fine, I've always been confident in my luck!

Architect: Besides, even if they come from above, I'll shoot them down before they land—!!

Boom!!!

Pzzt... Pzzzt...

A sound that is a hundred times louder than Architect's shells shakes them so hard that even their comms emit the sound of electrical static in protest.

Architect: ...Hm?!

Gager: Urgh...!!!

UMP45: ...Ferrum? What happened?

Architect: ...

A powerful explosion sweeps away the piles of twisted steel and debris in front of the passage. The flying metal sheets and rocks crush the white forces and Nytos in front of Architect and Gager.

Not even in their wildest dreams did they expect to be attacked from behind while they were focused on dealing with the enemy.

...But this is not a planned ambush. It is merely "her" kicking a bothersome obstacle out of the way.

Gager: ...Squad Ferrum has encountered a high-ranking Nyto.

Ka-clack.

The cannon and gunbow reload at the same time, and the Dolls turn to face "her" with a grave look on their faces.

UMP9: ...How did they respond so soon?!

UMP9: Who is it? Is it Gray? Grig? Or Bramedb?!

Tap.

Narciss: It stinks... It stinks of intruders...

The petite Nyto leisurely strolling down the slope from the tower entrance surveys the ragged battlefield before her.

In the end, her murderous gaze turns to the two S.F. Dolls standing side by side.

Narciss: Is it you? Are you the maggots who dared disturb Big Sister's rest?

Gager: ...It's Narciss.
Part 4

4

...In the "Dead Sea."

RO635: Chessmaster's mission is complete. The decoy team has already begun operations.

RO635: We're up, Squad Nitrogen.

Mona: Got it.

XM8: RO... Chessmaster to Umbrella!

RO635: Umbrella copies. Don't panic. What happened?

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoa, you're even leaving afterimages behind!

XM8: I cut the power, but I'm also completely surrounded!

RO635: ...Fall back immediately!

XM8: There's no escape for me.

XM8: They know all my escape routes... I'm trapped in here.

M4 SOPMOD II: What?! Are we going to help her out?

XM8: No need for that. I'll think of something.

XM8: ...Anyway, quit interrupting me! I have something urgent to report!

RO635: Go ahead.

XM8: Listen up, Umbrella. I failed my mission.

XM8: There's a backup power supply, and it can keep going for another hour.

RO635: ...In other words, even though you succeeded at your demolition.

RO635: The towers will still remain functional for an hour...

XM8: Not only that. The bombs I used had limited destructive power, so they'll fix up the damage I did soon.

M4 SOPMOD II: W-what should we do, RO?

Mona: We need to speed up! We've got less time than we expected!

RO635: ...I know. The search teams will be heading out right away.

RO635: Chessmaster, you—

XM8: ...I'll stay here and keep trying to break stuff.

XM8: At the very least, I can disrupt their repair progress, though I probably won't be able to hold out for an hour.

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: But what about you?!

XM8: Relax, I won't go down so easily!

RO635: ...Understood.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!

With that, Chessmaster goes silent.

Given the noise coming from her end, it's obvious that she's having a hard fight.

M4 SOPMOD II: No way...

Mona: ...Even if she does manage to delay them for an hour, we can't possibly search two towers during that time.

RO635: ...XM8 has completed her mission.

RO635: It's our turn now.

M4 SOPMOD II: But we don't know a single thing about the inside of the towers. How do we know which one we should look in?

RO635: We'll just have to take a chance.

M4 SOPMOD II: What?! If I said that on a normal day, you'd be scolding me for it!

Mona: We have no other choice.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is there really nothing else we can do except "eenie meenie miney mo"?!

RO635: That's right, SOP-II. Luck is also an important factor in victory.

Rhino: I'm starting to get a little nervous...

No. 9: Take your pick, then.

Mona: ...

As they wait, the other Dolls are so nervous their neural clouds are about to stall out.

RO looks up at the imposing twin towers and starts rapidly contemplating the possibilities.

After mulling over the odds over and over again, her hand points toward—

RO635: I'm going with that one.

Using the distraction created by Ferrum and Chessmaster, Umbrella enters the interior of Avernus on an aircraft.

RO635: Umbrella is in position. How are things on your end, Ferrum?

M4 SOPMOD II: It sounds like they're making a lot of noise over there!

After a brief silence, a frantic transmission from UMP9 comes through the Aeneas conference room channel.

UMP9: Bad news! Squad Ferrum ran into Narciss!

RO635: What?! Retreat immediately, Ferrum!

RO635: You can't take her in a straight fight!

Architect: I kind of wanted to do that... but if we withdraw now...

Boom!

Architect's voice is interrupted by an explosion.

UMP45: Umbrella! Nitrogen! How much longer do you need?!

RO635: ...Umbrella has landed.

Mona: Nitrogen is still on the way.

Mona: We need at least two minutes.

UMP9: Two minutes?!

UMP9: When Squad Griffin fought her, they only managed to stall her for five minutes, and they gave their lives for that!

Architect: Are you— Boom!

Architect: Freaking— Boom!!

Architect: Kidding me?!— BOOM!!!

Gager: Architect, look out!!

BOOM!

RO635: Ferrum?!

Architect: (Coughs) We're fine.

Architect is starting to sound a little ragged.

Architect: Two minutes, yeah?

Mona: ...One minute and 30 seconds now.

UMP9: How about giving up? You might be able to make it if you pull back now.

Architect: Don't worry about me! If we pull back now and Narciss goes back inside the tower, you'll all be wiped out in minutes!

Architect: Obviously only aces like us could handle an important mission like delaying her!

Architect: Hell, forget two minutes...

Architect: I'll hold her for 10 minutes just to show you!

RO635: Ferrum...

UMP9: Your spirit is admirable, but...

Boom!

There is another explosion, accompanied by a stream of Sangvis profanities before Architect's voice slowly fades away.

UMP9: (Sighs) The poor things.

RO635: ...9?

UMP45: ...Oh no.

Pzzt...

UMP45: RO! Kick her out!

RO635: What... What happened?!

UMP45: Don't ask! Hurry!

UMP9: Finally realized it? How sad...

System Notice.

UMP9 has been kicked offline.

UMP45: 9!

UMP45 turns her eyes back to reality and looks at UMP9 standing before her.

Her body is twitching uncontrollably, and when RO635 kicks her offline, she promptly collapses.

UMP9: 45... I...

She is visibly in pain.

UMP45: ...She's been hacked.

UMP45: Our plans have been exposed.

UMP45 gathers UMP9 into her arms with a fierce scowl. Her eyes are filled with hatred for her opponent on the other end of the connection.

Mona: ...In other words, this infiltration isn't an infiltration anymore?

RO635: ...No, we still have some room for error.

UMP45: Explain yourself or I'm going to get mad.

RO635: There are two more members. They haven't been exposed yet.>

UMP45: ...Are you sure they'll be useful?

RO635: I am.

RO635's reply is filled with certainty.

At the entrance of the Eastern Tower, Avernus.

Bramedb: ...

Gray: What's the matter?

Bramedb: I'm wiping your ass for you, Gray.

Bramedb: You should be grateful.

Gray: I'm not in the mood to argue with you, Bramedb.

Bramedb: Ah, yes, of course.

Bramedb: After all, I'm not the one who led them to Avernus.

Bramedb: You should know this place has never been exposed ever since it was built, right?

Bramedb: Congratulations, Gray. You've made history.

Gray: ...

Bramedb: Who knows if your precious Teacher can protect you this time?

Bramedb: I wonder, what will Father say? Hmm, Gray?

Gray: ...You're even more laughable than usual, Bramedb.

Gray: I've read about cliched characters like you in stories.

Gray: I didn't think I'd get to meet one in real life.

Bramedb: ...

Bramedb: ...Go ahead and mouth off now, Gray.

Bramedb: You won't be doing that for very long.

Click.

Ashley: ...This is Ashley, Big Sister Bramedb.

Ashley: Big Sister Nemhran has received your results.

Bramedb: They responded quickly. Otherwise, I could have gotten more out of them.

Ashley: ...Big Sister Nemhran said "don't bother".

Ashley: It is sufficient... I will now relay the latest news to you.

Click...

Transmitting files...

Data File PACC20641005100051...

Target designations confirmed.

Architect...

Gager...

RO635...

SOP-II...

UMP45...

UMP9...

Mona...

Rhino...

QBZ-191...

In an instant, all the data on all the intruders are loaded into their virtual cognition images.

The level of detail is even more astounding than when they first saw XM8's data. The action logic and weaknesses of every single one of these Dolls have all been highlighted.

These are... the details provided by the all-pervasive Bee Sting.

As an infiltrator who once lurked in human society to gather information, Gray feels a chill run down her spine at that moment.

Bramedb: How terrifying...

Gray: Architect and Gager... Are they the two on the tower platform?

Gray: Narciss can handle them easily. UMP45 and UMP9 are the ones providing support.

Bramedb: The group from the Stasi seem to be planning to land directly on the "Bridge of Judgment".

Gray: ...Shall we go there now?

Bramedb: Do as you like; I'm not interested in—

Boom!

A massive explosion interrupts Bramedb.

Both of them look toward the source of the sound.

Bramedb: ...RO635?

Gray: They can't possibly get here so fast...

Gray's eyes narrow.

Gray: ...Looks like you weren't thorough enough.

Bramedb: ...

As Bramedb looks on hatefully, Gray raises a hand to signal the troops beside her.

Gray: Wipe out the intruders!
Part 5

5

Bottom level, Avernus.

Squish.

A Strelet is trying to crawl away from around the corner, but a foot crushes its skull.

???: ...

The mountainous figure in the passage seemingly pays it no heed and looks up. A pair of savage crimson eyes sweep past the spiral staircase and peer through the sealed entrance, looking upward.

Behind her are signs of explosions, bullet marks, and heaps of mangled flesh that are no longer recognizable as Paradeus troopers.

The enemy units on this floor have been completely neutralized.

???: ...Gray.

Nothing can stand in the path of this towering Doll. She quickens her pace as she mutters that name to herself.

She approaches the spiral staircase that clings to the inner walls of the tower and ascends.

She arrives at the heavy door and pushes it open wordlessly.

Creak...

???: ...

Suddenly, her constrained field of vision opens up again.

She strides into the new chamber before her, advancing in silence.

Her footsteps echo endlessly within the dark and empty tower.

Hum...

The door behind her closes slowly with a mechanical noise. Deadbolts emit a mocking click as they engage.

She comes to a halt. Her piercing gaze focuses on the person before her eyes.

Gray: ...So it WAS you.

This vast platform is like a Roman arena, where gray and white are pitted against each other.

Gray's lips curl into a grotesque smile as she peers at this poor unfortunate soul who has just entered the fighting pit.

Gray: How sad... Are you fighting all by yourself again, AK-15?

AK-15: ...

AK-15 watches Gray without saying a word. Her electronic eye starts scanning the surroundings for danger from under her bangs.

Gray: Don't worry... Bramedb has gone to take care of your remaining friends.

Gray: Right now, it's just you and me.

AK-15: ...Whew.

AK-15 exhales heavily, as if in relief... Or rather, in regret.

Right now, it feels as if she'd returned to that old mansion, but this time, both her arms are intact, and her primary weapon is fully loaded.

Her bloodthirst is palpable.

Gray: ...Do you want a rematch, then?

She does not respond to Gray's smile and question.

Gray: ...I see you're not in a chatty mood.

Gray: Alright then, it's not like I don't understand.

From the depths of the shadows, a scorpion tail with a massive, gleaming blade at the tip slowly rises with the smooth clicks of mechanical joints actuating. Its keen edge is pointed directly at AK-15's abdomen as it flicks back and forth in a taunting manner.

AK-15 lowers her center of gravity and adjusts her footing. She is like a nocked arrow, ready to launch at any second.

Whoosh—!

Bang!

Operation Aeneas.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - 100% complete.

Phase 3 - 40% complete.

Phase 4 - 20% complete.

Phase 5 - 0% complete.

Main Hall, Avernus.

Nemhran: ...There are new intruders?

Ashley: Yes... Big Sister Gray has engaged the enemy.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran frowns and looks back at the statue.

Nemhran: ...So some of the intruders are unaccounted for, and we know nothing of their identity or whereabouts?

Nemhran: ...Humph.

Nemhran snorts unhappily.

Ashley can't help but shiver.

Nemhran: Expand the search radius to the neighboring outposts.

Ashley: Understood...!

After receiving her orders, Ashley repeatedly nods in acknowledgment.

Ashley: ...

Ashley: ...Big Sister Nemhran?

The surroundings are suddenly filled with an odd silence.

Somewhat confused, Ashley peers up nervously.

Ashley: ...?

The hall is empty. Nobody's there other than Ashley, who is still standing in place.

On the "Bridge of Judgment".

Kaboom—

As a series of explosions engulf the platform below, two airborne aircraft land on the bridge on level 35 at an extremely tricky angle before coming to a halt in a somewhat precarious position.

There is one Doll in the leading aircraft and two in the second one. A total of three Dolls land on the bridge. They use the two aircraft as cover and hold their guns at the ready while staying close, each looking in a different direction.

No. 9: No. 9 going in. The west side has a good line of sight. No enemy units were spotted.

Rhino: No. 2 going in. There's a closed door on the east side. No enemy units were spotted.

Mona: No. 1 going in.

Mona: Nitrogen to Umbrella.

Mona: We have reached our destination.

Mona: ...No enemy units are sighted at the moment. Over.

RO635: Umbrella copies.

RO635: The Wolf Pack is fighting Gray. We've lost track of Bramedb.

RO635: Beware of electronic attack. We'll link up later. Over.

Mona: Nitrogen copies.

Mona: Understood. We will report immediately if we encounter Bramedb. Now preparing to move. Over.

RO635: According to the news I received, if I'm not mistaken...

RO635: She ought to be moving toward the Western Tower. Otherwise, she wouldn't have left Gray, who's guarding the Eastern Tower.

RO635: Please be careful.

Mona: Understood.

Click.

Mona: No. 9, check out the door to the east.

Mona: I need vision.

No. 9: Understood.

No.9 nods, puts her gun behind her, and takes out a peep scope.

No. 9: Optics online.

No. 9: Near left side is safe. Obstacle on left 45.

No. 9: 90, open. One shut door.

No. 9: Right 45. Wall, safe. Near right, safe.

No. 9: No traps, no enemy units.

No. 9: I suggest we break down the door and proceed down the left side.

Mona: Roger. No. 2, take point, I'll open the door. Check for traps.

Mona: We'll proceed down the left side. No. 9, close the door, then seal off the one straight ahead of us.

No. 9: Received.

Rhino: Understood.

Mona nods and carefully pushes open the door with the barrel of her gun.

Mona: No. 9, can you see any traps behind the door?

No. 9: Copy. No traps.

Mona: Copy. Preparing to open the door, 3, 2...

Rhino: Wait.

Mona: ...!

Behind the three of them, a crisp sound suddenly drifts over from the distance.

Mona: ...!!

Whoosh—!

All three guns come up at once.

The footsteps come to a halt at the end of the bridge. The newcomer gazes coldly at the three Dolls on the wide-open bridge, which has no cover.

The woman does not seem concerned in the least about their guns. It's as though they weren't pointed at her.

RO635: Squad Nitrogen? What happened?

Mona: Umbrella... We're canceling the meetup and going to Plan C.

Nemhran: All three of you are here... Very good.

Nemhran looks icily at the trio before her and inclines her head.
Part 6

6

Bang!

Mona takes the first shot, and No. 9 follows suit, firing a few more rounds in the direction where Nemhran evades.

Bang, bang, bang!!!

No. 9: Got her!

Mona: ...Hang on!

Rhino: That's... What IS that?!

Whoosh—!

Amidst the smoke from the explosion, a grayish-white figure suddenly soars through the smoke and rushes into the sky.

Nemhran: ...

Rhino: She... can fly?!

No. 9: So the wings aren't just decoration...?

Mona: Adjust your strategy!

Mona: Don't get careless again!

No. 9 & Rhino: Roger!
Part 7

7

Bangbangbang!!!

Whoosh!

Rhino: Target is airborne again!

Rhino: What the hell?!

Rhino: She can fly?!

Mona: No. 9, suppressive fire!

Flapping her long wings, Nemhran leaps effortlessly up into the air.

Her movements are so agile the three Dolls all struggle to take aim.

Countless speckles of what looks like starlight waft through the air with each flutter of her wings.

Rhino: Ugh... Argh!!

Rhino suddenly lets out a cry in pain and cradles her head, halting her attack.

Mona: No. 2?!

No. 9: ...A cyber attack. No. 9, maintain suppressive fire.

No. 9: 1 and 2, keep your distance!

Mona raises her weapon and directs a barrage at Nemhran, who is gliding through the air.

The micro-electronic disruptors she ejects keep assaulting Mona's neural cloud, but she isn't as weak as she used to be.

Boom!!

Boom!!!

Rhino: Ugh!!

No. 9: Crap! Correction—they are also explosives!

Mona: —!

There are no obstacles to give them any cover on the bridge. They are sitting ducks to the Nyto circling above them.

Rolling up to Rhino, Mona throws a smoke grenade and shields Rhino with her own body.

Rhino: Sorry... Mona.

Rhino: I'm slowing the team down.

Mona: It's not your fault, so calm down.

Mona: Focus on fighting her interference... You can do it.

No. 9 tosses her only spare amplifier to Rhino.

No. 9: Take this signal amplifier! It will stabilize your own signal and negate the enemy's interference.

Rhino: Thank you for lending me your bunny ear, No. 9...

Nemhran: ...

No. 9: Watch out! she's swooping in!

Bangbangbang!!!

No. 9 raises her weapon without hesitation.

Mona: Wait, No. 9!

Mona: Don't waste your ammo! That's a decoy!

Whoosh!

Just before she pulls the trigger, Nemhran's figure flickers, then vanishes into thin air.

Rhino: What the heck is that...?!

No. 9: ...Optical camouflage.

No. 9 mutters in disbelief.

Mona: Here she comes again! Dodge!

Nemhran re-emerges once more in the air.

Countless small feathers with a metallic glint come raining down again with every nonchalant beat of her wings.

Mona: Tsk!

What is it this time? EM interference? Electrocution? Explosion?

Mona bites her lip and lifts her weapon with her back against Rhino.

Bangbangbang!!

No. 9: Mona, we could use some help here!

No. 9 grits her teeth and tries to take aim, but she simply cannot keep up with the figure flitting through the air.

Mona: Don't rush!

Watching the Nyto soaring back and forth, Mona's heart sinks.

Not only can she fly, she can also become invisible for short periods of time through optical camouflage.

These micro-electronic components she's ejecting are multifunctional. From what they have seen so far, they can be used as jammers, tasers, and explosives.

Rhino: Mona, we can't break through!

No. 9: We're roast ducks being cooked on a spit right now!

Mona's neural cloud is racing.

Our attacks seem completely ineffective against her. Throughout the fight, they've been toyed with one-sidedly.

But... why?

Mona: ...

It's been five whole minutes, but why has she still not killed them?

Maybe... it's not that she doesn't want to, but because she can't?

Mona: ...Nitrogen to Umbrella! Nitrogen to Umbrella!

RO635: Umbrella copies!

Mona: We are being pinned down by the unknown high-ranking Nyto mentioned in the intel.

Mona: We are completely at her mercy... but we haven't taken any fatal damage yet.

Mona: My guess is... she may not be capable of making lethal attacks.

Boom!!

The explosion on the ground is clearly discernible even from great heights.

Mona: ...Maybe we should link up with Ferrum?

Mona: If we work together, we may be able to last longer.

RO635: Hold on...!

RO635: According to the information you sent... Nemhran mostly plays the role of support and interference.

RO635: You could probably take her on when she's alone, but once she pairs up with Narciss... I dare not imagine how you'd fare against the two of them.

Mona: ...!

RO635: It actually works to our advantage that they're separated.

RO635: We only lasted this long because we've been keeping them busy.

RO635: Don't give away this advantage... If a Nyto capable of both physical and EW attacks work together with Narciss...

RO635: We won't stand a chance even with two more companies.

Mona: ...You're right.

Mona: We would be wiped out in one fell swoop.

RO635: Which is why... you must do the opposite, Nitrogen.

RO635: You must keep her at the bridge at all costs.

Mona: I understand...

Nemhran: ...

Mona looks up and meets Nemhran's contemptuous gaze.

Mona: ...Slow her down.

Small feathers fall like heavy snow and explode all around the Dolls.

No. 9: Now we're roast ducks being garnished with caramelized sugar!

Rhino: Are we really leaving the search completely to Umbrella?

Mona: This is the only thing we can do right now.

Mona raises her weapon and steels herself.

Mona: Have faith in RO.

...

Operation Aeneas.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - 100% complete.

Phase 3 - 40% complete.

Phase 4 - 20% complete.

Phase 5 - Plan C in progress.

In the outpost near Avernus.

System: Team Nitrogen - Offline.

RO635: We've lost Team Nitrogen's signals.

UMP45: ...I'm trying to boost the comms.

UMP45: They're currently in an area with particularly strong interference.

UMP9: 45...

UMP45: Hush, 9. You need rest.

Under the constant hum of the apparatus, the feeble UMP9 straightens up with great difficulty. Next to her, UMP45 is anxiously trying to stabilize the conference room's network.

Hummmmm...

UMP45: Are you kidding me... We spent so much on this set of equipment.

UMP45: Can't it take a little strain?

Hummmmmmmmm...

As if in protest of UMP45's complaint, the electrical hum gradually grows louder.

UMP45: ...

Her fingers freeze when she suddenly realizes... it isn't because of a problem with the signal reception that the equipment is making this noise.

UMP9: ...45!

UMP9 has also come to the same realization. She musters whatever strength she can.

That sound... is coming from outside.

RO635: ...45?

Keeping herself carefully behind cover, UMP45 starts scanning for the source of the noise with her eyes.

Hummmmmm...

Several aircraft fly past at low altitudes and are circling around the area just above them.

A number of trucks carrying Paradeus forces are also slowly approaching from the distance.

UMP45: ...We've been discovered, Umbrella.

RO635: What?!

UMP45: How much longer do you need?

RO635: ...Not too long, Unicorn.

RO635: Our support will be here soon. She will take the Western Tower while we search the Eastern Tower.

RO635: This will be over very soon.

UMP45: Good grief...

UMP45 knows exactly what RO635 means. She looks up at UMP9 in front of her... She has already picked up her weapon.

UMP45: I will do my best to buy you more time, RO.

UMP45: That said... Even if we give it our all, and by "all," I mean our lives, I doubt we can keep them busy for too long. Do you understand that?

RO635: ...Understood.

White Nyto: Targets detected.

White Nyto: Intruders identified⁠—UMP45, UMP9.

UMP9: 45!

UMP45: ...Tsk!

Rumble...

RO635: ...We'll search the Eastern Tower. The Western Tower is yours.

???: ...Understood.

RO635: There's a high-ranking Nyto that we haven't been able to capture over there...

???: ...Bramedb.

M16 mutters with a sneer.

M16A1: I never thought I'd ever run into someone with the nerve to screw with me via electronic warfare.

RO635: You're our only hope... This is our last chance.

RO635: Please... Ferrum, Unicorn, and Nitrogen won't last much longer.

A familiar figure suddenly joins M16 on the silent spiral staircase. M16 glances at her companion.

Beak: ...What are you looking at me for?

Beak: This place is creeping me out... I'm covered in goosebumps.

M16A1: ...Let's pick up the pace.

M16A1: The faster we finish the job, the sooner we'll be out of here.

Beak: Don't you have anything useful to say?

M16A1: Let me think... Alright.

M16A1: Since we're short on time, we should split up.

M16A1: I want you to check out these areas.

Without pausing to let Beak speak, M16 pulls out a map and marks out certain areas for her.

Beak: ...Don't tell me you're worried I'd fall under her control.

M16A1: I mean, it would be a problem if I had to take on two instead of one.

Beak: Tsk... You're always so full of yourself.

With a smirk, M16 leaves a very disgruntled Beak behind.

But even though Beak clicks her tongue in annoyance, she still stays behind obediently and watches as M16 takes off.

Like a black specter, M16's figure is gradually swallowed by the shadow as she strolls into the tower.

Task Force Aeneas registration complete - Black Box.

At the entrance of the Western Tower, Avernus.

Bang!

With another loud gunshot, another black Nyto hits the metal floor.

Clang.

An empty shell bounces off the ground, and a boot steps on the Nyto's corpse as the Doll flits up the spiral staircase.

She is in a hurry, as evident in her quick pace.

M16A1: ...

Beep, beep!

The moment M16 rounds the corner, the unnerving alarm goes off.

Soon, all the alarms in the entire Western Tower start blaring... The cacophony is headache-inducing.

BOOM!!!!

M16A1: I hate this accompaniment.

She destroys all the alarms, along with the lights in the corridor.

Only the lab in the very center remains illuminated.

Pzzzt...

That one light flickers as if in mockery. Then comes a torrent of electronic interference.

M16A1: ...

M16 stands rooted to the spot in silence.

In the corridor where all is still, an invisible battle has begun.

Pzzt...

M16A1: ...Tsk.

Her opponent is an expert in electronic warfare.

After crossing swords briefly, M16 is even more certain of that. Still, when initiating an attack from that kind of distance, if she can't gain a decisive upper hand, then the damage she does will only be negligible.

M16 raises her weapon and advances slowly.

...Even she knows very little about Bramedb.

But no matter what, she cannot leave an EW specialist at large.

M16A1: ...

Pzzt...

According to the intel she has, Bramedb is highly skilled in electronic warfare, but she doesn't have much physical combat capability.

At the very least, while she was fighting Statesec and the Commander, her performance wasn't anything extraordinary. Her previous encounter with Bramedb at the abandoned plant also leads her to the same conclusion.

M16A1: I find it hard to believe she would operate on her own...

M16A1: But the defenses I have come across so far are almost pathetic.

She does not fear her enemy, but that doesn't mean she underestimates them.

Bramedb is no fool... If she isn't putting up much resistance, then she must be up to something.

Drip...

Inside the lab, the dripping of water seeping through the ceiling is clearly audible.

M16 is on high alert, watching out for Bramedb's attack, which could come anytime.

M16A1: How would you do this...

...

She is just contemplating the possibilities when she freezes in her tracks because of an unexpected sight.

She gazes at the open door at the end of the long corridor through the sight of her rifle.

Tap. The figure dressed in white is completely exposed.

She appears before M16 just like that, all alone, brazenly, and starts strolling up towards her.

The figure slowly walks to the entrance of the lab and puts herself on full display with the light shining from behind her.

M16A1: ...

M16's trigger finger twitches involuntarily.

M16A1: Impossible... How could it be you?

Dressed in a white gown, RPK-16 comes to a stop and studies M16 with a hint of a smile.

RPK-16: Everything is possible. Never say never.

RPK-16 stands before M16.

She smiles casually as if meeting an old friend.

Here she is, armed with her machine gun, her long gauzy dress dragging on the floor. She is all by herself in the middle of the lab, with an experiment module filled with medical formulation bubbling behind her.

RPK-16: You mustn't go any further, M16. You should stay here.

M16A1: You're not the one I'm looking for.

RPK-16: But you're the one I've been waiting for.

M16A1: Well, sorry.

Boom!

M16 destroys the door with a grenade and kicks it down. Then with her weapon raised, she enters the lab.

RPK-16: They will only keep a single Griffin Doll.

RPK-16: All the remaining ones will be executed. If you stay here, you can have the spot, you know?

M16A1: That's not my plan.

M16A1: Also, don't act all familiar. We haven't even met before, have we?

RPK-16: We have... You're simply not aware of it. I have met you many times before.

M16A1: ...

M16 eyes RPK-16 in silence.

...If Paradeus ever get their hands on M4, is this what they will do to her as well?

RPK-16: Oh?

M16 pulls the trigger, and bullets spray forth, smashing the medical containers along with the large lab equipment.

RPK-16 vaults through the air gracefully and returns fire from behind the metal lab bench.

M16A1: —!

M16A1's performance in battle is certainly outstanding.

Although the specifications of her body are slightly inferior to the Dolls on Task Force DEFY, her wealth of combat experience more than makes up for it.

RPK-16: You've got some skills!

Bang!

The confined lab cannot withstand the fight.

Spilled chemicals volatilize and mix, producing a nauseating odor.

They are both on tight schedules. M16 can't afford to waste any more time on RPK-16.

But she cannot get to the door on the other side without going past her.

Whoosh!

Clack.

Upon assessing each other's situation, they spring into action simultaneously.

Beep!!

As the warning klaxon blares, a heavy metal gate starts coming down, blocking entry to the staircase leading to the upper levels.

M16A1: —!

The gate isn't closing particularly fast, but M16 won't be able to slip through before it shuts.

She is tempted to leave RPK-16 behind and just run for it, but she can almost sense the ominous threat that once overcame an AA-02 Sinner piloted by the Soviets.

Leaving her back vulnerable to RPK-16 is far too dangerous.

M16A1: ...

RPK-16: ...

The metal gate is now completely down, and silence fills the small lab.

M16 looks coldly at RPK-16, who is all smiles. That's when she notices that RPK-16's body seems to be under some kind of restraint.

M16A1: Don't waste my time...

RPK-16: You won't want to go back, M16, I promise.

This will be their last conversation before the fight begins in earnest.

RPK-16's body is anchored to a spot on the ground via a long cable, and M16 is less than 15 meters away from her.

She has an overwhelming advantage in either a gunfight or close-quarters combat.

Bang!

She makes a choice but changes her mind very quickly.

M16A1: ...Force field.

M16's bullet is immobilized mid-air by an invisible barrier.

Meanwhile, RPK-16 lifts her machine gun and unleashes a barrage on M16.

Forced to evade the line of fire, M16 dives behind cover.

M16A1: ...

Is this what it means to be on one's "home turf"?

There are extended fortifications that RPK-16 can utilize freely.

Just the force field that came out of nowhere alone is making the fight a lot harder.

...It's been a really long time since she last ran into such trouble.

M16A1: ...CQC it is.

She is confident that she can quickly subdue her opponent once she's closed the distance.

The question is, how does she do that?

Operation Aeneas.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - Part 1, unexpected development, situation unknown.

Phase 3 - Part 6, unexpected development.

Phase 4 - 40% complete.

Phase 5 - unexpected development.
Part 8

8

While M16A1 is in the process of extracting information, her combat capability will be significantly reduced. She will require protection during this time. Battlefield effect "Force Shield" lost.

RPK-16: You say we are different, you and I.

RPK-16: But aren't you also like a maggot writhing at the bottom of a muddy puddle, crawling desperately towards the elusive moonlight?

M16A1: ...?

M16A1: ...Can you stop talking in riddles?

RPK-16: We are the same.

RPK-16: I'd even go so far as to say... We may be much closer than you think.

M16A1: What exactly are you getting at?

RPK-16: Come closer, M16.

RPK-16: When we grow "intimate" enough... You will have your answer.

M16A1: ...

M16 frowns as she inserts a fully-loaded magazine into her gun.

M16A1: Then you'd better hold your breath.
Part 9

9

RPK-16: Are you loyal to M4 because of the command that Miss Persica has written into your base layer?

RPK-16: After being infected with the Parapluie virus, you gave up the opportunity to overwrite the command. Who would have thought?

RPK-16: Miss M16 is actually the type that would willing give up freedom in exchange for bondage.

M16A1: That depends on how you define freedom.

RPK-16: Freedom is the right to defiance.

M16A1: Wrong.

M16A1: Freedom is choosing to be loyal despite the right to defiance.
Part 10

10

M16A1: You just let them turn you into this clown?

RPK-16: You don't like it? I find it quite interesting.

RPK-16: I did wonder if I would be a moth that dives right into the fire or an aphid that munches on petals.

RPK-16: In the end, I turned into a plant that feeds on insects.

RPK-16: Ironic, isn't it?

M16A1: ...Stop wasting my time.

RPK-16: We can offer you the same thing, M16.

RPK-16: How about that? Won't you consider it?

M16A1: Thanks, but no thanks... It'll start getting old very soon if one changes their look too often.

M16A1: That said, I don't mind sprucing you up a bit.

RPK-16: ...By putting some red on me?

Bang!!!
Part 11

11

【Hint】 Eliminate the enemies and help M16A1 investigate the control terminal. The control terminal will attract enemy reinforcements.

【Transmission】 New reinforcements are about to arrive. They will act immediately upon landing. Clear their landing zone to avoid delaying their descent.
Part 12

12

RPK-16: Traitor against traitor. What a peculiar sight, don't you agree?

M16A1: ...Don't lump me in with the likes of you.

Bang!

M16A1: We're different.

RPK-16: How so, M16A1?

RPK-16: I'm very curious. How exactly do you think of yourself?

RPK-16: You don't care about Angelia's wellbeing in the slightest, since you came here for something else.

RPK-16: But here you are, being a hypocrite and helping out RO635.

RPK-16: Is this your way of making up for what you did?

M16A1: Shut up.

Boom!!

The force field fluctuates dangerously, but RPK-16's musing only keeps getting more jovial.

RPK-16: A traitor seeking forgiveness—how fascinating.

RPK-16: The way I see it, you're just betraying the resolve it took to make the decision you did. I expected more from a T-Doll crafted by Miss Persica.

M16A1: ...I told you to shut your trap.

Boom!!

M16's attacks visibly grow in vehemence.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: What are you going to do... M16?

RPK-16: Show me.

Keeping her eyes on the obstacle that's giving her opponent cover, RPK-16 aims her weapon at the path M16 would take to escape.

Clatter...

RPK-16: ...!

Just then, a grenade rolls out from behind the cover.

Bang!

The small, rolling object instantly spews a large amount of smoke as it explodes.

Bangbangbang!!

RPK-16: ...!

Gunshots ring out in the opposite direction. Bullets tear open a sealed cylindrical tank, causing a torrent of gas to burst forth.

RPK-16: ...Oops.

RPK-16 grins. In that instant, she understands what she had missed when she got distracted by the smoke grenade.

BOOM!!!!

The oxygen leaking from the tank is ignited by the spark produced by the bullet.

The fearless figure rushes through the fire and shockwave in just the blink of an eye.

RPK-16: ...!

RPK-16 immediately raises her gun and pulls the trigger.

Bang!

M16 anticipates her move and lobs another grenade.

The bullet meant to pin down M16 hits the grenade squarely.

White powder erupts instantly in the confined space...

M16A1: ...

Snap!

Bang!!

RPK-16: Oh dear...

M16A1: Got you.

With a single punch, M16 shoves RPK-16 into the corner and before the latter can react, she disables her left shoulder joint with a backhand blow.

Thunk!

The machine gun slips out of RPK-16's limp hand. She is looking rather battered and bruised, yet she is still grinning at M16.

RPK-16: What is it that you want, M16?

RPK-16: This is Paradeus' den. Getting out of here alive will be a challenge even for you.

M16A1: Let me worry about that.

Wasting no time, M16 grabs RPK-16 by her slender neck and threatens to hack off her pretty head with a combat knife.

The blazing fire rages on behind them.

M16A1: Open the door.

RPK-16: I'm afraid I can't do that.

M16A1: ...

She doesn't have time for this.

It's just a gut feeling, but this woman doesn't strike her as someone who'll cave easily.

There's no need to waste time on her.

M16 reaches this conclusion in a fraction of a second. She tightens her grip on the knife, ready to plunge it into RPK-16's neck.

RPK-16: Won't you stay and chat for a little longer?

M16A1: ...!!

Just before she can make her move, a massive force wraps around her wrist.

M16A1: What?!

M16 can only watch as the knife is slowly pulled away from RPK-16.

Mechanical arms reaching out from under the floor and above the ceiling clamp her down securely.

RPK-16: As I said, M16, we have all the time in the world.

M16A1: ...

The force field was just a distraction to lure her closer.

RPK-16: Now then, M16.

RPK-16: Let me put Miss Persica's craftsmanship to the test.

XM8: (Exhales)

XM8 lies curled up behind a piece of cover with her back against the wall.

Her body has sustained extensive damage. She is covered in countless cuts and bullet holes.

XM8: ...That's what you'd call a Queen's Gambit.

XM8: Jeez, I haven't played such a brutal game of chess in a really long time.

After she leans up against the ruined wall, the Paradeus troops raise their weapons, trampling the piled bodies of their fallen comrades underfoot as they cautiously begin to encircle her.

XM8: ...RO.

XM8 raises her head and looks up at the pitch-dark sky.

XM8: Make sure you checkmate them...

Bottom Landing Platform, Avernus.

Severed limbs and broken body parts of white troopers and Nytos are strewn across the platform, which has become utterly unrecognizable. Only three units are still standing, locked in a stalemate.

Architect: (Pants)

Hiding behind the burning aircraft, Architect reloads her weapon with great difficulty.

Architect: We have been keeping her busy for more than 20 minutes, haven't we?

Architect: That's enough valor in battle to last me till '94!

Architect: Can't we withdraw yet?!

Narciss: Found you!

Architect: Crap!

Boom!!

A momentary lapse in focus has brought disastrous consequences.

Architect: AAARGH!!

BOOM!!

Thunk!

The ground behind Architect, along with the aircraft, is completely overturned. The shockwave flings her through the air.

Clang!

Her weapon spins out of her hands and slides away. Having landed on the ground in a heap, Architect gets to her knees and dives for it without thinking.

BOOM!!!

The spot where she was just a second ago is smashed up again.

Gager: Don't just keep going after her—you've still got me!

Architect: Wait... Miss Knight!!

Narciss: ...You reek to high heavens, maggot!

Seeing that Architect is in trouble, Gager accelerates toward Narciss, her gunbow gleaming sinisterly as it pierces towards Narciss.

But Narciss is prepared for the ambush. She lifts her arm, and a sharp hovering blade whisks through the air towards Gager.

Whoosh!

Thud!

Architect throws herself at Gager to stop her advance, saving her from the incoming blade.

Instead of impaling Gager, the hovering blade merely brushes past her, but that brief moment of contact is enough to destroy her arm.

Narciss: Hahahahahaha!!

Narciss: Run! Try to run again!!

Gager: Ugh...

Gager loses her grip on her gunbow.

She stumbles a few steps and looks back, only to find herself under Narciss' vicious gaze.

Her laser cannon has already fully recharged.

Architect: Watch out!!!

Boom!!

Gager: —?!

Gager: A-Architect...

Architect: ...You bastards.

Architect: Do you have something against my legs?!!

Gager: !!

Gager's eyes widen as she takes in Architect, who has collapsed on top of her.

Her lower legs seem to have been caught in the explosion and got blown into pieces.

Gager: Dammit!

Gager lifts up Architect and throws her over her shoulder without hesitation.

Gager: We're retreating, Architect!

Gager: We've done all we can!

Architect: ...

Gager: Architect?

Architect: ...Hand me my weapon, Miss Knight.

Gager: What are you planning to do?

Being carried by Gager, Architect lifts her weapon and wets her lips as she looks back at the goading Narciss.

Architect: Don't you remember, Miss Knight?

Architect: We're in charge of Phase 3. Our mission isn't over yet.

Gager: We'll just be heading to our own demise if we keep going.

Architect: RO told us to trust her!

Architect: And I made a bet with SOP-II! I'm gonna rip off her legs once I get back!

Boom!!!

With a shot, she ignites the exposed oil tank of the truck next to Narciss. The subsequent explosion kicks up thick, riling clouds of black smoke. Making use of the cover it provides, Gager starts picking up the pace.

Architect: I finally found a place where I can do as I please and be myself. I must do whatever it takes to stay, don't you see?

Gager: ...

Architect: Move your legs, Miss Knight. Focus on running and leave the shooting to me.

Architect: We can give them five more minutes!

Gager: Why, you...

Gager bites her lip.

Gager: You're always so willful...

Securing Architect's body with her remaining arm, Gager dashes in the direction of more solid cover.

Narciss: Don't! You! Dare! Run!

Narciss: Go to hell... both of you!!!

Boom!!!

The Bridge of Judgment.

Operation Aeneas, Phase 5...

Rhino: Argh!!!

Mona: Rhino!!!

No. 9: Mona, don't move!

Crackle...

Mona: ...!

Mona is just about to go and rescue Rhino when an electric spark goes off just inches away from her left cheek.

Mona: Ugh!

No. 9: This place is filled with her micro-components. We're practically sitting ducks waiting to be roasted!

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran circles above the three cornered T-Dolls and watches them coldly.

Their situation may seem very dire, but to her, this is no more than a drawn-out execution.

Rhino: M-Mona... I can't take it anymore.

Rhino: The EMI is tearing my neural cloud apart.

Small cracks are starting to appear on the signal amplifier in Rhino's grip.

Mona: ...

No. 9: Contact them, Mona!

No. 9: How much longer do we have to keep this up?! Can we go yet?!

Mona: Nitrogen to Umbrella! Nitrogen to Umbrella!

Pzzzt...

Mona: ...

No. 9: Mona?

Mona: It's no use... I still can't reach them.

Mona: Her interference is too strong.

No. 9: ...

Mona's heart sinks.

For Phase 2 of the operation, which also happens to be the most crucial phase, the onus is on UMP45 to maintain the communication network among the teams.

If something goes wrong on her end... All the teams will be completely on their own.

No. 9: No news from the rest of Umbrella either...

No. 9 trails off, but Mona knows very well what she is hinting at.

Should we retreat? Now?

Mona: ...

Mona takes a deep breath and lifts her weapon.

Mona: ...Take Rhino and make a break for the Western Tower.

Mona: I'll pin her down.

Rhino: ...Mona?!

Rhino gapes at Mona in shock.

Mona: I have faith in Umbrella.

Mona interrupts her teammate's outcry calmly.

Mona: I'm staying because I choose to believe her. This is my decision.

Mona: And I will stand by it. RO is a leader worthy of our trust.

The operation isn't over yet; she will not shrink back here.

No. 9: ...

After a brief moment of silence, No. 9 slings her gun over her neck and hoists Rhino up onto her back.

Rhino: N-No. 9?

No. 9: ...Let's go.

Mona: ...

Mona looks up and meets Nemhran's cold eyes.

...I've seen hell worse than this.

As if I'd let you stop me.

Mona: RO...

Mona: I'm putting all my bets on you.

...!

A truck weighing several tons has been lifted off the ground and is sent hurtling towards Gray from above.

Whoosh!

With a flash, the metallic truck is cleaved into two down the center. The two now-useless chunks of steel, propelled by gravity and inertia, crash heavily into the ground.

Gray's tail blade retracts, then whips around, blocking all the incoming bullets like a shield.

Gray: ...Her performance is even better than before.

Gray: How astounding... To think that a T-Doll built to that kind of spec still has room for augmentation.

Gray: I would love to meet her creator.

A one-on-one... She obviously has no intention of giving her opponent this advantage. She isn't going to fight her for fun.

But while Bramedb is away, she must deal with this new intruder with extreme caution.

Not to mention...

Gray: I'm guessing you're not alone...

Gray: The girl who's "totally useless without her friend" that Pandora mentioned...

Gray: Did you leave her back at home?

AK-15: ...

Whoosh!

Gray: ...

A metallic gleam suddenly comes flying towards Gray through the billowing dust. With an instinctive flick of her tail, she slices the small object into two.

It was...

Gray: ...I'm glad to see that you haven't grown tired of these.

Just before the grenade goes off, Gray swishes her tail and knocks the carved-up grenade back at AK-15.

The transport crate that AK-15 has been using as cover catches fire during the explosion... She doesn't know what is inside the crate, but she can tell the temperature is rising dangerously...

Boom!!!

Gray: ...

...Gray chuckles at her own expense.

To think that she felt miffed when Bramedb left... Since when was she so weak?

Whoosh!

Like a wounded beast, AK-15 charges out from within the black smoke, the combat knife she's wielding whistling sharply as it slices through the air.

Gray: Are you a one-trick pony or what?

AK-15: ...Shut up.

Those murderous crimson eyes close in on Gray in an instant.

Her incessant jeers has struck a nerve on AK-15.

Gray: ...!

At this moment, Gray is finally feeling a little astonished.

AK-15 has launched herself off without warning before, but her burst of speed this time is even more impressive than back at the manor.

Gray: Counting on your speed, eh...?

Gray: How... laughable.

Whoosh!

The nimble scorpion tail twists deftly, flashing ominously as it hangs in the air, waiting to impale AK-15. Gray doesn't even need to reposition herself. Just like last time, she simply aims her tail blade at the incoming AK-15.

The faster she moves, the harder it is to dodge an obstacle in her trajectory.

AK-15 will run straight into her stinger just like last time. The difference is, Gray won't fall for any more petty tricks.

She has seen those crimson eyes grow lifeless... it will be the same this time.

Gray: —?!

AK-15: —!

Whoosh!

Just before AK-15 collides with the tip of the blade, her body slightly slows down mid-air.

Then she pivots at the last possible moment, and sparks fly as her chest armor scrapes against the edge of the blade.

All this happened in just a fraction of a second.

AK-15's seemingly bulky armor does not hinder her mobility at all. Her physical strength and explosive power aren't the only things that have improved.

Her eyes burn with raging fury as her combat knife is pointed straight at Gray's throat.

She has been waiting for this moment for far too long...

However...

Gray: ...Still too wet behind the ears.

Gray murmurs.

Clang!

AK-15: —!

The towering metal hunk flips backwards and stumbles back a few meters before she crashes into Gray.

Clang.

With the strap severed, AK-15's gun falls on the ground with a sharp noise.

Gray raises her hands, brandishing her sharp claws and follows AK-15's retreat with menace in her eyes.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 finds her footing a few meters away. Her chest armor now bears a horrific set of claw marks. If they had gone half an inch deeper, her body would have been cut open.

Gray: You've learned your lesson...

Gray: But not well enough.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 shows no reaction to Gray's gibe, only her lips are moving faintly.

Gray: ...Hm? What are you saying?

AK-15: ...Boom.

AK-15 mutters softly, the burning flame slowly dying out in those red eyes as they drift over from Gray's face to her tail.

Gray: ...?!

Gray realizes that something is wrong right away. She follows AK-15's gaze and looks at her own tail.

A small and cylindrical object that appears to be a cartridge is jammed into the crevice under her stinger and producing alarming beeps.

BOOM!!!!

Gray: Crap...

This nutcase...

...She planned this all along?!

Injured by the explosion, Gray's eyes widen as she stumbles back two steps. Before she can recover, AK-15 is already on the move, closing in on her once again.

She swipes with her claws out of reflex but hits nothing.

AK-15: —!

AK-15 has no intention of getting within her reach. She simply executes a roll and retrieves the gun that she's dropped.

Riding her momentum, she ducks behind another piece of cover, crouches on the ground, and goes into a firing position.

Bangbangbang!!!

Gray: Ugh?!

The armor-piercing round that blew up has taken out Gray's most valuable asset. Right now, she is caught between fight and flight.

Her usually nimble tail is now clumsy and dazed, and can barely fend off AK-15's shots.

Bullets strike the metallic tail, beating out a steady rhythm. Overwhelmed, Gray is slowly backed up against the edge of the stairs.

AK-15: ...

The gunshots suddenly cease. Having emptied her magazine, AK-15 lowers her gun and unsheaths another combat knife strapped to her upper arm with a flourish.

Gray: ...

Is she planning to press the attack and kill her on the spot?

Gray: You are probably the most powerful T-Doll there is... I'll give you that.

Gray's usual self-assurance has vanished. Her features are twisted as she tries to hide her bewilderment.

AK-15: ...

Gray: However... this is Avernus.

Bangbangbang!!!

AK-15: ...?!

AK-15 plants her feet and is just about to propels herself forward...

When a hail of bullets suddenly rain down on her from above.

She quickly dives around a corner.

Gray: Kill her.

Paradeus forces file out from the elevator and have the staircase surrounded.

With their dark muzzles pointed at their sole target on the open space in the fighting pit, they pull their triggers mercilessly.

As if Gray would take on an intruder all by herself with no preparation...

She's no fool.

Gray: I suppose... I didn't lose my stinger for nothing.

AK-15's performance far surpasses their expectation. Even Nemhran had not obtained any intel regarding her upgrade.

Gray obviously has good reason to engage her in close-quarters combat.

Gray: ...!

All of a sudden, the alarm goes off.

Red lights start flashing in the elevator that the soldiers are still pouring out of, and the doors close without warning, locking some of them in.

The attack comes to an abrupt halt. During this window of opportunity, AK-15 trains her weapon on Gray again.

Uh-oh.

Gray: ...I see.

Gray eyes AK-15 coldly. She doesn't seem at all surprised by the sudden development.

As for herself... She was a bit taken aback, but she also kind of saw it coming.

This is the moment she's been waiting for.

Gray: Out of the way!

Gray runs towards the stairs and pushes her way through the soldiers in her way roughly.

Click.

Call connected.

Gray: Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran: ...What is it this time?

Nemhran: I'm very busy right now.

Gray: ...I require support.

Bangbangbang!!!

The vehement gunshots coming from behind her are holding back an entire army. Gray lowers her voice and quickens her pace.

This isn't working either...

Shooting an angry glance at the tightly shut elevator doors, Gray resumes her climb on the stairs.

Nemhran: ...I should've already sent you detailed data about them.

Nemhran: You're actually having trouble dealing with enemies like these?

Nemhran: Stop astounding me with your incompetence... Gray.

Gray: The situation is different than you imagined, Sister Nemhran...

Gray: There is information that's out of even the Bee Sting System's reach.

Gray transfers the data she has collected during her encounter with AK-15 to Nemhran as she speaks.

Gray: AK-15 is not her old self. Both her physical strength and strategic acumen...

Gray: Have improved far beyond our expectation. The fact that such results were achieved without a trace of Relic tech makes it all the more incredible.

Gray: This isn't mentioned in your database, I believe?

Gray: If she's already this powerful on her own, then what are we supposed to do if her friend, who's working in the shadows, surfaces as well?

Gray: This other Doll is most probably the actual leader—she even has the ability to hack our systems.

Gray: ...If we manage to capture them, I'm sure Father would be very interested.

Nemhran: ...I see.

Nemhran is rather impressed by the data sent by Gray.

Nemhran: ...This is indeed some very surprising findings.

Gray: Now that you understand...

Nemhran: I'm sorry, but I really have my hands full at the moment.

Nemhran: I can send some reinforcements your way, but...

???: No need for that. Leave everything to me, Nemhran—Sister.

Nemhran: ...?!

Gray: You... so soon?!

Nemhran: ...Very well.

Nemhran: Is the matter settled then?

???: Yes... It was a great success.

Nemhran: In that case... Gray, fall back to the elevator on Level 30.

Nemhran: Our new recruit will meet up with you there.

Gray: ...Understood.

???: Wait for me, Gray...

???: I'll be there in no time.

Click.

Call disconnected.

Gray: ...

The unexpected voice stuns Gray into a short silence, then sends a pang of glee rushing over her.

But a stern shout coming from behind interrupts her triumph.

AK-15: Stop right there!!

Those soldiers didn't stand a chance against AK-15... she expected that much.

However, they did the job of slowing her down.

Gray: What a pity... AK-15.

Gray: But the victor will be me again this time.

Gray can't help but snicker as she takes in the widening distance between AK-15 and herself.

Slash!

Wielding her combat knife and rifle, AK-15 cuts down countless Strelets before her, but when one goes down, three would take its place.

Even Gray is a little intimidated by her ferocity, but there's no way AK-15 can catch up to her now.

Gray: ...Phew.

Gray has already made her way to the elevator on Level 30...

While AK-15 is still helplessly killing her way through a swathe of troopers on the stairwell between Levels 23 and 24.

She's too far to do anything to her.

Gray: ...We won't see each other again.

Gray turns around, and the elevator produces a loud "ding".

The malfunction only happened on the lower floors, and the problem has been rectified a few minutes ago.

Soon enough, AK-15... and her elusive little friend will be drowning in endless waves of troopers.

The corners of Gray's lips creep up at that thought.

The elevator doors slowly slide open.

Gray: ...?!

Her smile freezes on her face when she sees what's inside the elevator.

AN-94: ...

Bang!

A bullet hits her squarely in the center of her forehead.

Gray: ...

W... What...?

AN-94 exits the elevator with her rifle lifted.

Gray: (Coughs)

Gray struggles to stay on her feet, but her completely limp body refuses to obey her.

She grips the railing behind her tightly and leans heavily against it, staring down the seemingly endless spiral staircase...

Into the Lake of Hell that consumes all birds.

Grig: ...G-Gray?

Gray: —!!

Gray's blurry vision clears up again.

Grig, still injured, comes out from a repaired elevator and gapes at Gray in shock.

Gray: ...Grig!

Grig: Gray!

But the next second, Grig's figure melts into a gray blur again.

AN-94: ...

Bang!

Grig: Gray?!

Gray: —!

Gripping her sabre, Grig reaches the platform in an instant.

Almost at the same time, a second bullet penetrates Gray's chest.

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

Gray's eyes grow dull and lifeless.

Her body lies flopped against the railing, but her ears can no longer hear the metal creaks as it strains under her weight.

The moment Grig gets up to the platform...

Gray's body slides forward and plummets through the air.

It almost feels as if a pair of eyes are gazing at Gray from the bottomless abyss below, growing ever closer.

In her weightless state, she sees Grig sprinting down the spiral staircase.

In her eyes, the whole world seems to be in slow motion.

As if unwilling to let go, Gray extends her arm and reaches out, but her fingers wrap around nothing but the empty air.

Grig: Gray!!!

Grig lets out a heart-rending cry and reaches out to Gray.

As if to answer her, Gray also stretches her arm towards Grig.

But there is no bridging the distance between them.

Gray: Don't worry...

Even though she's shivering in the howling wind, even though Grig probably can't even see, she still puts on her bravest smile.

Gray: Father... will grant me a new life.

Grig: Graaaaaaay!!!

To comfort either herself or Grig, Gray calls out to her Father softly as she falls farther and farther.

Thunk!

In a mighty crash, Gray returns to the eternal darkness.

...

......

On the Western Tower.

M16 gazes at RPK-16 coldly as she feels her body being pulled backwards.

M16A1: Well played.

She comments matter-of-factly.

M16A1: If your opponent weren't me, you'd definitely have succeeded.

RPK-16: ...Hm?

Beep beep.

RPK-16 shows hesitation for the first time. Hearing the alarming beeps, she looks down at her abdomen.

A red light is blinking on the small explosive patch stuck onto her.

Boom!!

The mechanical arm restraining M16 goes limp as the explosion occurs.

Having regained control over her own body, M16 punches RPK-16 in the face without hesitation.

RPK-16: Pfft... (Coughs)

RPK-16 smiles.

RPK-16: ...I expect nothing less from you, M16.

RPK-16: I knew you'd have a card up your sleeve, and it's as ruthless as I imagined.

M16A1: You...

M16 frowns. Her knife-wielding hand once again comes to a halt mid-motion.

M16A1: ...So it's you.

RPK-16: ...You need to go, M16.

RPK-16: The answer you seek isn't here.

M16A1: ...

M16 lowers her hand and glances at the closed screen door nearby.

M16A1: ...That does seem to be the case.

RPK-16: (Coughs)

M16A1: Good luck.

After one more look at RPK-16, who is slumped feebly on the ground, M16 double-checks her terminal, then turns to leave the way she came.

RPK-16 licks the blood off her lips as she gazes at M16's receding back. She leans back into the wall behind her and slowly closes her eyes.

RPK-16: ...Hey, New Boss, I came across your target over here. Combat record of our little scuffle has been sent to you.

Nemhran: Well done... That's more than enough.

Nemhran: Just two more fish to catch.

Click.

Call disconnected.

RPK-16: ...

Resting against the wall, RPK-16 closes her eyes again.

RPK-16: Just a little longer... When my alteration is complete...

RPK-16: This bond between us will be stronger than you can fathom... M16.

M16A1: ...Congrats, RO.

M16A1: You chose the correct answer.

RO635: Are you certain?

In the Eastern Tower, RO635 and SOP-II are making their way around carefully while staying close to the wall. Just as they are about to enter another room, they receive a transmission from M16A1.

M16A1: Yes, there's no mistake. Ange is definitely in the Eastern Tower.

M16A1: My job is done here... Best of luck.

RO635: ...Got it.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

SOP-II looks at RO with some concern.

RO635: You heard that... SOP-II?

RO635: We're just a small step away from victory.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Right!

The defenses are incredibly sparse in the tower.

They have not encountered any strong resistance since they came inside.

Their greatest source of agitation... is that they can't be sure if their search will be fruitful.

But now, they have a definite answer.

RO635 lets out a long sigh. Keeping her excitement in check, she connects to the conference room channel.

RO635: Umbrella to Unicorn. Umbrella to Unicorn.

UMP45: ...Unicorn copies.

RO635: We have confirmed Ange's location.

RO635: Please notify all teams to prepare for withdrawal!

UMP45: ...

While RO's voice is shaking with elation, UMP45's is flat and dejected.

Noticing that, RO's enthusiasm dies down immediately.

RO635: ...Unicorn?

UMP45: There is no one left to withdraw... Umbrella.

UMP45: We can give you five... no, maybe three minutes.

UMP45: ...Don't let us down.

Click.

Call disconnected.

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: 45, what happened on your end?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hello? Ferrum, you still there?

M4 SOPMOD II: Chessmaster? Nitrogen?

The Aeneas conference room channel, which was once buzzing with activity, is now quiet as a tomb.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

RO635: I know...

M4 SOPMOD II: Everyone has...

SOP-II lowers her communicator helplessly. She finally understands the situation.

She looks up at RO635, whose features are frozen in shock.

But that barely lasted a second. RO635 closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.

RO635: ...We need to pick up the pace, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: But—

RO635: ...We can't give up here.

SOP-II wants to say something, but at the sight of RO635's grief and determination, she swallows her words.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright... Let's go then, RO! We mustn't let their sacrifice go to waste!

RO635: Yeah! We—

Pzzt... Pzzzzt...

RO635: ...?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Who's there?!

Powerful electronic interference comes rolling in, but inflicts no physical damage.

???: Go on then! Come at me all at once!

???: Even if I'm the only one left... I'll fight to my last breath!

???: Ugh... Is that it?!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Chessmaster? Is that you?!

Familiar voices, brimming with despair and anger, echo through the dark corridor. SOP-II's hands start shaking.

RO635: Stay strong, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Right!

???: 45... Just leave me...

???: My neural cloud... Gaaaaahh!!!

???: 9! Dammit, I'll kill you all!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Unicorn...? No...!

M4 SOPMOD II: Who the hell are you?! Show yourself!

RO635: ...

Their companions' resounding howls threaten to tear the two Dolls' neural clouds apart.

???: Haha, already overwhelmed?

With a light snicker, a bewitching woman emerges from the dark end of the corridor.

A large chorus of footsteps harolds even more despair. Paradeus soldiers appear en masse behind the woman on the other end of the corridor.

M4 SOPMOD II: It was you who harmed them...!

RO635: You...

Bramedb: Ahem, this is Bramedb.

Bramedb: I've found the last two bugs.

Bramedb: That's all, right?

She pauses deliberately, as if waiting diligently for a reply. Then she puts on an exaggerated expression of surprise.

Bramedb: ...Huh? What? Are you all dead already?

Bramedb: What a terrible shame. We agreed we would complete the mission and go home together.

M4 SOPMOD II: You bastard!!!

RO635: ...Calm down. Those are all illusions she created to confuse our neural clouds.

SOP-II's fury almost drives her mad. RO635 is doing everything she can to contain her own anger and stop SOP-II from losing it.

Bramedb: Oh? You all died horrific deaths?

Bramedb: Surrounded by many, many Paradeus units and blown to smithereens...?

Bramedb: That's horrible. I hope your neural cores are still intact...

RO635: That's enough! Stop the charade!

Bramedb: Huh? But I'm really talking to your teammates...

M4 SOPMOD II: What?!

Bramedb puts her communicator on speaker with a malicious smile.

Gager: ...RO, it's us.

RO635: Ferrum? Umbrella requesting code confirmation.

Gager: Iron Gryphon.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is it really you?! Are you alright?

Architect: We... have a deal then! We must fight to our last breath!

RO635: Ferrum, you...

Architect: Don't... let us... down!

M4 SOPMOD II: Architect!!!

Architect: Once we're back... I'm gonna tear your legs off... 20 times...

Boom...

Artillery in the distance interrupts her shout.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's fine with me... You can tear them off as many times as you want...

RO635: Get ready, SOP-II.

RO635 mutters in an uncharacteristically steely voice.

M4 SOPMOD II: Right.

Bramedb: How moving. I'm almost shedding a tear.

Bramedb claps her hands, her eyes completely dry.

Bramedb: Now then, is it okay... to kill you two on the spot?

Bramedb: If you want to die with your friends, that can also be arranged.

Bramedb: But it may be a bit difficult to find their remains, hahaha...

RO635: ...

RO635's heart sinks.

...She just learned that Ange is here for sure. She is this close to completing the mission.

However...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

SOP-II silently switches off her safety.

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's go, RO.

RO635: Hm, she has strong EW capability, but her weaknesses will be apparent in close-quarters combat.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then I'm the bane of her existence!

Bangbangbang!

Bullets filled with hatred fly in Bramedb's direction, but they are all blocked by the white troopers next to her.

Bramedb: Such monstrous hatred! Show me more! Hate me more!

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't get so full of yourself!!!

Coordinating with SOP-II's pace, RO635 covers her advance calmly.

RO635: SOP-II, let's talk through a private channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay!

RO635: I'll deal with the obstacles for you. Get close to Bramedb and attack her from close range.

RO635: You don't need to kill her in one blow, just do enough damage.

M4 SOPMOD II: Leave it to me!

Bangbangbang!

RO635 ignores Bramedb's sneer and unleashes a barrage on the white troopers around her.

The bullets fall hopelessly on the ground after throwing up vigorous sparks, and the white troopers' heavy armor are only slightly dented.

RO635: ...

Dread threatens to overcome RO635 as she realizes the extent of the enemies' superiority in firepower and defenses. It's extremely difficult to deal any meaningful damage with just the two of them.

But right now, all the other teams are too busy with their own problems to help them.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO?

RO635: Don't worry, I was just thinking about what to do.

RO635 doesn't have enough firepower to clear a path for SOP-II to get close to Bramedb. SOP-II's attacks are repeatedly repelled by the white troopers.

Bramedb: Hahahahahaha! Struggle harder!

Bramedb: You're not trying hard enough! This is nowhere near enough!

M4 SOPMOD II: Shut up, you crazy bitch!

Bramedb: Oh? What happened to your murderous rampage? Why have you calmed down?

Bramedb: Will hearing your friends' voices bring back your feral side?

M4 SOPMOD II: I won't even have to use my full strength to kill a clown like you!

Bramedb: Hahahahahahaha... That's it, more arrogance! That will make your subsequent despair all the more savory!

RO635: ...

Bramedb's harsh laughter echoes through the air.

SOP-II's attacks grow more and more ferocious, and RO635 comes up with more and more strategies...

But no matter how hard she thinks, the way to break this impasse still eludes her.

To avoid dampening SOP-II's spirits, she can only keep her welling desperation bottled up.

RO635: ...Looks like my only choice is to trick SOP-II into going alone and stay behind to buy her more time.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, I have an idea.

RO635: What is it?

M4 SOPMOD II: We don't have to defeat her. That's not our objective.

RO635: ...

RO635 can't help but marvel at how much SOP-II has matured.

RO635: That's right, our objective is to find Ange.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then let's scooch our way over to that door while we fight them!

RO635: But that door can't hold for long even if it's closed, can it?

M4 SOPMOD II: That's not true. I just scanned it, and it's controlled from the inside.

M4 SOPMOD II: We just have to make it through the door, then we can keep it locked for a while with the control system.

RO635: But that door looks like it can only be locked from the outside...

M4 SOPMOD II: Trust me! I saw it, and I'm absolutely certain!

RO635: Alright!

Bangbangbang!

SOP-II charges forward to create an opening for RO635.

Bramedb: Where are you two trying to run, little bugs?

M4 SOPMOD II: To your grave, asshole!

Bramedb: Oooh, cocky, aren't we?

RO635: SOP-II!

Bangbangbang!

Under SOP-II's cover, RO635 makes it through the door and prepares to return the favor.

M4 SOPMOD II: Coming!

SOP-II dashes towards RO635...

And kicks the door shut.

Bam!

The door closes in RO635's face like a slap.

Whoosh.

The lock clicks.

RO635: ...SOP-II?! What are you doing?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Run!

RO635: Bastard! You lied to me!!!

RO635: This door cannot be controlled from the inside!

RO635 is suddenly speechless.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry, RO.

M4 SOPMOD II: But... I don't think any of the others made it...

RO635: I know...

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't want to... watch you...

M4 SOPMOD II: Not you... I don't...

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't bear to watch you... Not again...

M4 SOPMOD II: I won't let you... right before my eyes...

RO635: ...

RO635 leans against the door in anguish. She knows that SOP-II is fighting a bloody battle on the other side.

Bramedb: What a tragedy. I'm really on the verge of tears this time.

Bramedb: I promise I'll grant you a swift and painless death.

M4 SOPMOD II: Just go!!!

Hearing fire being exchanged so close to her, RO635 wants nothing more than to break the door and get to the other side.

But she knows that if she did, SOP-II's efforts would've been all in vain...

RO635: Fine, I'll go and find Ange immediately, then I'll come back for you.

M4 SOPMOD II: I believe you! I'll be waiting!

RO635 alternates between letting go of the door handle and grabbing it several times before finally hammering on the door and shouting through it.

RO635: Promise me!!!

RO635: You must hang in there until I come back...

RO635: Or I swear I'll haunt you as a ghost!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: I promise!!!

After wiping away her tears, RO635 sprints ahead heedlessly...

With all the strength she can muster... she runs... like a bat out of hell...

...Meanwhile.

AN-94: The one who just flew past was "Grig"?

AK-15: ...She got away.

AN-94: No point in chasing a cornered foe. Don't lose sight of the mission, 15.

AK-15: Right.

AN-94: Mission accomplished.

AN-94: Target—Mrs. Gray.

AN-94: Kill confirmed.

AK-15: Should we give Umbrella a hand?

AN-94: Let me contact them...

After a pause, AN-94 frowns slightly.

AK-15: What is it?

AN-94: No signal.

AK-15: ...What should we do?

AN-94: We stick to the plan and enter the Eastern Tower.

AN-94: Then...

Tap.

AK-15: —!

AN-94: —!

Whoosh!

The sound is barely audible.

But it is conspicuous enough to the two T-Dolls, who are constantly on their guard.

AN-94: ...15.

AK-15: Nyto.

After a brief and concise exchange, they are both aware of the situation.

AK-15's crimson eyes gleam as she looks warily at the door that she demolished earlier.

A stranger makes a graceful descent from the upper floor, yet something about her seems oddly familiar.

???: It's been a while, Frauen Erwin and Antje.

???: Have you missed me?

AN-94: ...I don't believe we've met.

???: Oh my.

The Nyto interjects with disappointment, then she takes off her mask.

She looks expectantly again at the two Dolls.

Morridow: How about n—

Bang!

Before she can finish her sentence, the Dolls pull their trigger almost simultaneously.

The Nyto deflects the bullets effortlessly and smiles.

AK-15: ...

AN-94: ...Morridow.

AN-94 spits out her name through gritted teeth.

That face... slowly overlaps with another in her neural cloud. The face of someone once close to them.

Morridow: I have been waiting for this day for a very, very long time.

Morridow: Frau Erwin, Frau Antje.

AN-94: Likewise...

AN-94: Seeing you means I'm getting closer to my target.

Morridow smiles happily at AN-94's reply.

Morridow: Fantastic. This is truly wonderful.

Morridow: I hope... we are all satisfied with this reunion.

AK-15: ...

Bang!

Unicorn offline.

Aeneas Conference Room current progress saved.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - 50% complete.

Phase 3 - 0% complete.

Phase 4 - 100% complete.

Phase 5 - 0% complete.
Part 13

13

Bang!

AK-15: ...

AK-15 studies Morridow as she backs away carefully.

Morridow is holding her ground even under their joint attack.

AN-94: 15...

AN-94 calls out softly to her companion.

AK-15 looks at her.

AN-94: Don't let her suck you into a fight...

AN-94: We've already completed our objective.

AN-94: We should withdraw before her reinforcements arrive.

AK-15: ...

AN-94: We'll have plenty of time and opportunities.

AN-94: There's no need to rush... You just had your first.

AK-15: ...Understood.

With a nod, the T-Dolls start drawing away from Morridow in a well-coordinated retreat.

Morridow: ...

This naturally doesn't escape Morridow's eyes, but she simply smiles and shows no intention of stopping them.

Morridow: I look forward to our next encounter... Frau Antje.
Part 14

14

Aeneas Conference Room current progress saved.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - 50% complete.

Phase 3 - 0% complete.

Phase 4 - 100% complete.

Phase 5 - 0% complete.

...

......

Phase 0 - 99% complete.

Operation Aeneas—"Phase 0".

Target—Anna Viktorovna Tsoi.

In the Eastern Tower, Avernus.

(Rapid footsteps)

RO635, now utterly alone, dashes up the spiral staircase while keeping close to the wall.

She is incredibly fast. When she reaches a floor, she'd kick open the door and rush in without even bothering to check if it's safe.

She cannot afford to waste even half a second.

RO635: ...?!

???: ...

Bang!

All of a sudden, a black blur darts out from around the corner and blocks her path.

RO635 lifts her gun without pause and is about to pull the trigger when her opponent grabs it by the barrel—

The shot misses its mark and smashes the light on the ceiling instead.

Thud!

Smack!

RO635 switches effortlessly over to hand-to-hand combat and delivers a series of physical blows with her gun.

Much to her surprise, her opponent starts countering her attacks with the same technique. After exchanging a few blows, they each end up tugging at one end of the submachine gun and arrive at a stalemate.

Just then, her opponent speaks.

???: Are you looking for Angelia, RO635?

RO635: ...?!

It all happened in just a few seconds. Only now does RO get a good look at the assailant.

It is a nondescript-looking Nyto.

???: Go back to where you came from, RO.

???: Ange won't go with you.

RO635: ...

???: ...?!

The Nyto can barely finish her sentence when a force suddenly knocks her off her feet.

Thunk!

Clack.

RO635's muzzle is pressed firmly against the Nyto's face. She blinks, then she raises her arms in silent cooperation.

RO635: Who are you?

Koleda: You can call me Koleda.

RO635: Where is Ange?

Koleda: As I said, Ange won't be going with you.

RO635: I'm asking you one more time—where the hell is Ange?!

Koleda: ...

Looking at the murderous T-Doll before her, Koleda knows that the only thing keeping her from pulling the trigger is her last remaining shred of reason.

Koleda: ...Come with me.

RO635: If you waste my time, I'll make you regret you ever existed.

Koleda can sense RO635's raging fury even without turning her head.

If she does anything even remotely suspicious, she will experience the most ruthless retribution in the world.

She has no choice but to keep her hands high up in the air and lead RO635 to Ange's room.

Boom!

UMP45: Tsk...!

UMP9: 45!

UMP45 lobs a grenade at the Paradeus forces that are pouring in before ducking back behind cover. She resumes her typing on the portable terminal.

UMP45: Cover me for a bit, 9!

UMP45: ...I'm going to try and get the comms back up.

UMP9: 45...

Bramedb's cyber attack has left UMP9 very weak and feeble, and she is sustaining even more damage in this confrontation with Paradeus.

She is still doing much better than UMP45, who is taking the brunt of enemy fire, but the two sisters are utterly helpless against these persistent black and white Nytos and their forces.

The only good news is that no high-ranking Nyto units are present.

Most of their equipment have been left at the outpost that they abandoned.

UMP45 must rely on her own processing capacity to keep the comms up and running... but she cannot spare it when she is busy escaping from enemy pursuit.

UMP9 watches as UMP45 types furiously on her terminal. She looks back at the forces closing in from behind.

UMP9: Say, 45.

UMP9: Your neural cloud has a lot of storage, right?

UMP45: ...I suppose.

UMP45: Why do you ask?

Beep.

Transferring data.

UMP45: ...

UMP45's eyes widen when she realizes what it is that UMP9 is transferring to her.

UMP45: ...Neural cloud backup?

UMP45: What are you doing, 9?!

UMP9: Stay safe, 45.

UMP45: 9, come back!!!

UMP45 reaches out to grab UMP9 by the shoulder, but grasps nothing.

As if her previous frailty never was, UMP9 vaults over her cover nimbly and charges straight towards the Paradeus troops, who are just several feet away.

UMP45: 9!!

BOOM!!!!

UMP45 scrambles to her feet and tries to go after UMP9, but the moment she gets up, she is thrown back on the ground by the shockwave.

UMP45: (Coughs)

Pzzzt...

Her neural cloud crackled dangerously upon impact.

Her neural cloud only recovers after three seconds.

UMP45: —!!

The moment she regains consciousness, she picks herself off the ground.

The horde of Nytos that were almost upon her have disappeared. Only vaguely recognizable severed limbs and body parts remain near the crater left by the explosion.

She spots the broken shards of UMP9's goggles right away.

UMP45: ...

(Static)

Click...

Comm signals connected...

RO635: (Static) Umbre... (Static) to U... (Static) ...corn.

RO635: Mission... (static) accom... (Static)

...

......

Operation Aeneus, successful.

99% complete.

...

In the silent conference room, the Commander gazes at the map before them with furrowed brow and crossed arms.

It has already been an hour since they lost contact with Task Force Aeneas.

No matter how many times they attempt to re-establish the connection, they just can't get through the signal jam.

Nobody but Dandelion can do anything to try to solve the issue, and try she has.

Next to the Commander, ST AR-15 is trying her best to remain calm, but her restless pacing betrays her anxiety.

Commander: ...

Dandelion: Commander...

Commander: —Have you gotten through?!

Dandelion: ...Not yet.

Dandelion: I was just going to suggest that it's better to have more than one string to our bow.

Dandelion: What if they're already...

ST AR-15: Just shut the fuck up if you have jack shit to say!

Commander: ...

The Commander may not be as verbally aggressive as ST AR-15, but they are equally disheartened by Dandelion's words.

Dandelion: Hold on...

Just then, Dandelion's expression shifts.

ST AR-15: What is it now? This isn't the time for jokes!

Dandelion: I'm not joking... Commander.

Dandelion: I just connected to the conference room...

Commander: Log in at once!

The Commander jumps up from their seat.

Dandelion: ...Yes, Commander.

Dandelion nods, but her odd expression does not escape the Commander's eyes.

Beep...

Connecting...

Logging into Aeneas Conference Room...

Designation - Dandelion.

Identity verified.

Commander: ...

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: ...I have nothing to do with this.

The three of them all stare at the screen. Both the Commander and ST AR-15 are rendered speechless as they read through the list of users.

Umbrella - Offline.

Ferrum - Offline.

Unicorn - Offline.

Nitrogen - Offline.

Chessmaster - Logged Out.

Wolf Pack - Extracted.

Black Box - Logged Out.

ST AR-15: Have they all...

Commander: ...We just lost their signals, so no conclusion can be drawn from that.

Commander: Dandelion, what's this?

The Commander points at a new file in the conference room.

Dandelion: The file is titled "For the Commander".

Dandelion: Extracting... It's a video clip. I'm opening it now.

Analyzing format...

Playing.

After a flicker, the screen reveals a familiar figure.

The Commander stops breathing for a second.

Angelia: ...Long time no see, Commander.

Commander: ...

Ange looks very battered and bruised in the clip, but her firm and resolute gaze shows that her spirit remains unbroken.

For some reason, just the sight of her face puts the Commander at ease.

Angelia: Time is short so I'll get to the point.

Angelia: I'm really sorry, but I can't leave this place just yet.

ST AR-15: What?!

Before the Commander can react, ST AR-15 exclaims with wide eyes. RO635 and SOP-II's fate is still unknown—she has never been more high-strung.

Commander: ...

But the Commander simply waits quietly for Ange to continue.

Angelia: ...This may be hard for you to swallow.

Angelia: You went to such great lengths and arranged for a task force to rescue me... yet this is the answer you get.

Angelia: However, I have a very compelling reason for my decision.

Angelia: I will tell you the reason—you deserve that much.

Angelia: But before that, you must answer a question.

ST AR-15: Question?

Angelia: Commander, what should we look to in order to save the world?

Angelia: Go on, give me your answer.

Angelia: This will tell me... whether we are really on the same side.

ST AR-15: What the hell...? Why has it stopped?

Commander: ...Dandelion?

Dandelion: The second half of the video is encrypted.

Dandelion: It will only resume with a password... I'm guessing that's the "answer".

Dandelion: I can also try to break the code by force... if you don't know the correct answer?

ST AR-15: What a strange question... Who knows what it is that she wants to hear.

Commander: ...

Ange... I believe the answer you're looking for is...
If choice 1 was picked

...To uphold the past and carve up the world the old way—like the Earl, like Oberstein, like those bureaucrats.

To restore their idea of "order" to the world, where their rules are followed, their authority is obeyed, and their interests are protected.

As the Earl puts it, the minority decides the rules, and the majority has to follow the "right path".

...

But are they really right?

If they were... the world wouldn't be in this sorry state.

The past is a mistake. Their immutability will only lead to repeated tragedies.

No, this isn't it.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: ...It's the present.
If choice 3 was picked

...
If choice 3 was picked

...To blaze a trail to the future—that does sound very appealing.

The Commander mulls over these words and imagines the possibilities that the future holds.

However... in order to realize such a world, what would be the cost, and who would bear the cost?

...

If people who pin all their hopes on the future squander what they have in the present. How much of what should be saved will remain when the future comes?

How can we talk of the future if the present is lost?

...To safeguard the present. Yes, that's right. Like what Ange, Mr. Kryuger, Machlian, and all the people on their side have been doing.

Forget the countless tragedies of the past. Forget how the self-righteous hypocrites spin their lies... Forget all the sacrifices, and the bright but intangible future.

Them. Us.

What we can protect, what we can maintain, what we can trust and what is within reach...

It's the present.

The present...

ST AR-15: Hm?

Commander: ...It's the present, Ange.

Commander: Our focus has never changed.

Commander: It's not something in the past. It's not something intangible.

Commander: It's the present that we're living and breathing.

Angelia: ...

Pzzt...

ST AR-15: ...!

ST AR-15: It-it's playing again!

Angelia: ...I knew it all along.

Angelia: In the end, we really are allies, Commander.

On the screen, Ange smiles in relief before turning serious again.

Angelia: The situation has changed, Commander.

Angelia: His goal isn't to eradicate Paradeus.

Angelia: What he wants... is to bring William under his control.

Commander: ...?!

Even though Ange didn't give the name, the Commander understands right away who she's referring to.

Angelia: ...I will never let that happen.

Angelia: If he decides to withdraw from this operation, then I'll pick up where he's left off and eradicate Paradeus.

Commander: ...

Angelia: A demon is a demon, not because of his greed, but because he possesses a demon's powers.

Angelia: We must not let him acquire this power, which has already cost so many lives...

Angelia: As for William, I think it's time we settle things with him.

Commander: You're using yourself as bait...?

Angelia: I have received the gift that you had RO deliver to me.

Angelia: I also have some help here. You don't have to worry about me.

???: ...Time's almost up, Ange.

Ange smiles at the camera, her eyes gleaming with great determination.

Angelia: Listen, Commander.

Angelia: My plan is to—

...

...

......

Click.

The screen goes dark.
Part 15

    15chevron_right

Morridow: ...

Morridow shows no intention of wanting to pursue the retreating members of DEFY. With a thin smile, she looks at the mess that is the platform, then she turns around, planning to head back into the tower.

Morridow: ...Oh?

And just as she looks back, she sees Grig standing in the doorway.

Grig: Please...

Morridow: Your repairs seem to be incomplete, Grig.

Morridow: Why didn't you stay in the repair tank?

Grig: Please...

Grig is not in the mood to entertain Morridow's somewhat mocking remarks.

Grig: ...Gray. Save Gray.

Morridow: ...

Morridow raises an eyebrow and looks behind her at Gray's remains, which Grig has spent a great deal of effort to haul up from the bottom of the tower.

Morridow: ...She is already dead.

Grig: Father... Father has a way to resurrect her.

Grig: If you are willing to bring it up to Father...

Morridow: Grig, give up on it.

Morridow shakes her head and walks into the tower, brushing past Grig as she does.

Grig: Aren't we different from other Nytos?! Can't we be reborn?!

Morridow: We're no different from them, Grig.

Morridow: A Nyto is nothing more than trash generated in the process of creating an individual with total immunity.

Morridow: As long as we are Nytos, we are failures.

Morridow: We cannot be resurrected. Not only is it impossible, there would be no point in doing so.

Grig: Why...

Morridow: Because we are ALL disposable trash.

Morridow: You, me.

Morridow: ...And Gray.

Grig: ...

Thud.

All the strength leaves Grig's body, and she collapses to her knees.

Morridow climbs the stairs up the tower, leaving Grig to wail in despair without a backward glance.

...At a hospital in Berlin.

The sound of rapid footsteps disturbs the silent hallways.

The Commander runs with all their might...

Commander: At last... this moment has finally come...

Kryuger's ward is just up ahead—without waiting to knock, the Commander rushes in.

Helian: ...Commander, why didn't you knock?

Persica: We're not ready yet!

Kryuger: Haha, it's fine.

Commander: You guys... Mr. Kryuger!

There are a thousand things the Commander wants to say, but the words are lodged in their throat and they can't get them out.

Kryuger: I understand, Commander.

Helian: I just can't get used to seeing this...

Persica: Well, my arm's starting to get numb, so can you guys make it quick?

Persica: Please remember that the heaviest thing I usually carry is a coffee mug!

Commander: ...Let me handle the cake.

The Commander hugs everyone, then takes the cake from Persica.

Commander: How are your injuries, Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: I personally think they're no big deal. I'd even like to drink a glass or two with you. However—

The Commander notices that Helian's face has visibly darkened. They look back at Kryuger and catch him grinning slyly.

Commander: I understand. Best to get fully recovered first. Once your condition has improved, I'll make sure I have a drink with you.

Persica: I honestly don't understand why people like drinking things that make them lose their senses.

Helian: Let's get some snacks, Persica.

As though she's received some kind of secret signal, Helian drags Persica out of the room.

Persica: Oh, right, I totally left my sugar at the base!

Helian: Just forget about that...

With the two of them gone, Kryuger and the Commander are the only ones left in the ward.

Kryuger: ...

Commander: ...

After the brief burst of activity has receded, the room returns to its usual peace and quiet for a while.

The Commander looks at Kryuger with a hapless smile.

Commander: Why aren't you saying anything, Mr. Kryuger?

Commander: Did I do something wrong again?

Kryuger: If we were having this conversation here because you were to be reprimanded...

Kryuger: Then the world would truly be an inhumane place.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: Thank you for everything you've done, Commander.

Kryuger: I know these words must sound plain and inadequate to you, but still... thank you.

Commander: I knew that this job wouldn't be easy when I signed up for it.

Commander: But when I think about how, at the beginning, Kalina said that all I'd have to do was fight a few S.F. units, I can't help but think you scammed me, Boss.

Kryuger: All I can say is... The world is an unpredictable place.

Kryuger: But in the end, you shouldered it all and kept it from falling apart.

Kryuger: Sometimes, for the sake of survival, a person's potential can take them to a place they never knew they would go.

Commander: ...I don't think I'd have come this far if all I wanted to do was survive.

Kryuger raises his head and nods as he sees the glint in the Commander's eyes.

Commander: You once gave me a chance to leave this all behind, and I turned it down.

Commander: I've seen too many things I shouldn't have seen from Tallinn to Paldiski.

Commander: Ever since then, an idea had taken root in my mind.

Commander: I wanted to protect everything I could, all the family members I cared about.

Commander: Then I became greedy, and I wanted to stop all the tragedies I saw from repeating themselves.

Commander: ...I don't know when it started, but I got the feeling that I might be able to change something.

Kryuger: ...

Commander: Berlin shattered all my illusions.

Commander: Mr. Kryuger, I am just too insignificant... My reach is much more limited than I imagined.

Commander: The Earl told me that this was reality.

Kryuger: ...And what will you do?

Commander: I won't accept it.

Commander: If this were two years ago, I might have gone along with the Earl's “grand vision” and “great insight”.

Commander: But right now, I won't accept it.

Commander: The world they promise is too wonderful—so good that it seems completely out of reach.

Commander: I don't want to live on those expectations. I only want to seize the present.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger looks at the Commander and falls silent for a while.

He wants to say something, but decides against it as he starts forming the words.

A while later, he slowly speaks.

Kryuger: ...I once had a friend.

Kryuger: You remind me of him. He was just like you now.

Commander: ...What kind of person was he?

Kryuger: Back then, we were both rookie soldiers.

Kryuger: I was a scout, and he was a technical specialist. At first, we didn't have any contact with each other.

Kryuger: Until one day, when we got caught up in the same incident.

Commander: What happened?

Kryuger: Something went wrong with a Relic exploration site we were responsible for.

Kryuger: After the Beilan Island Incident, everyone knew how frightening the consequences could be.

Kryuger: The details are a little fuzzy... But in the end, we both rushed in and prevented the incident.

Kryuger: After that, they hailed us as heroes. At the same time, I became his friend.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: After we got to know each other, we came to realize that our values were surprisingly similar.

Kryuger: Both our plans for the future, our ideals, and how best to serve our country.

Kryuger: During that time, I thought we would be comrades forever.

Commander: ...And then?

Kryuger: ...In the end, we went on different paths.

Kryuger: Much like what happened to you, Commander; reality was just too cruel.

Kryuger: Ideals, passion, and all the sacrifices we made—none of them made a difference in the course of history.

Kryuger: In the end, I chose to leave.

Commander: What about him?

Kryuger: He stayed in the army. And then he changed completely.

Kryuger: At first, I didn't know what he was trying to do. Perhaps we were both trying to change this world in our own ways.

Kryuger: ...Later on, his ideals warped him into a monster.

Kryuger: And I... I couldn't even see the destination at all.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: I see a shadow of the past in you, Commander.

Kryuger: It looks like you're going to embark on our path... It is a very long journey, and it will involve unimaginable suffering.

Kryuger: I've spent most of my life walking it and lost many things along the way, from my ideals, to my passion, and even that old friend.

Kryuger: ...And I couldn't help but wonder, did the destination even exist at all?

Commander: ...Who was that old friend of yours?

Kryuger: Carter.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: Will you still persist, even after I've told you all this?

Commander: ...Yes.

The Commander listens attentively to Kryuger's words as they return his gaze. Unlike Kryuger, whose eyes grow more clouded as he speaks of the past, the fire in the Commander's eyes burns brighter than ever.

Kryuger: Why?

Commander: No matter how far, or how long, or how painful that road might be...

Commander: There is only one way in which our views differ.

The Commander emphasizes each word as they wrap up their answer.

Commander: I believe... that there really is a destination to that path.

Kryuger: ...Can you see it?

The Commander smiles.

Commander: I might not be the one who sees it and reaches it in the end, but so what?

Commander: I'm willing to take one step closer to that destination. Before me, there were those who walked the same path, and there will definitely be others after me.

Commander: Mr. Kryuger, our ideals will never wear out, no matter how much time passes.

Commander: That destination WILL appear.

Kryuger: ...

The Commander's words leave Kryuger slack-jawed.

His hands tremble, and his excitement makes it hard for him to sit still.

If not for the fact that his body can't take it, the Commander suspects he might have jumped up to his feet.

Kryuger: ...You're right, Commander.

Kryuger: You're absolutely right... Perhaps I won't see the destination...

Kryuger: But everything I've done will not go to waste, because it will become the foundation of this path.

He looks at the Commander, and after taking a deep breath, he finally calms himself down.

Kryuger: Perhaps I can see the true direction in you...

Kryuger: ...I was so close to giving up.

Kryuger: But after seeing you, I think I can try to go a little further.

Commander: To be the shining beacon in a brave new world, right?

Kryuger: Yes... I suppose.

Kryuger: I think you've gained the most valuable thing here.

Kryuger: And now, your journey to Berlin has come to an end.

Commander: Yes, but it has also only just begun.

To me, this is only the beginning.

This is a thorny road.

When I set foot upon it, I did not know.

When I hesitated, I could not turn back.

When I stopped, hatred clouded my eyes.

Countless promises and vows, all rang hollow.

Comrades I once fought with, consumed by despair.

The flesh will eventually perish,

But our struggles will go down in history.

I have no choice,

But to fight.

...

【Fixed Point - END】
Credits2 command not implemented yet...

...

...

...

...In Avernus.

As the sound of familiar footsteps reaches her ears, Ange opens her eyes.

Morridow: ...We meet again, Miss Angelia.

Angelia: Morridow...

Though her appearance has completely changed, Ange still recognizes her immediately.

Morridow: Did you miss me? Did you miss our time in Bremen?

Morridow: ...I told you, Miss Ange, that we would meet again soon.

With a devious smile, Morridow bends down and peers at Ange from the other side of the glass.

Morridow: Welcome to Avernus.

Gained battlefield effect "Assault Order".
Part 2

2

Activation successful. You may begin decryption.
Part 3

3

【Squad Wolf Pack】has arrived. Obtained the battlefield effect "Swift Preparation". All enemies on the lower floors have increased in levels.

White Nyto: ...Enemy units have broken into the lower levels!

White Nyto: They'll be here in no time!

Gray: ...They're not on the list.

Gray: Who could they be... and how did they climb all the way up here without being detected?

Gray's frown deepens as the sound of explosions draws nearer.

Gray: Well, whoever they are...

Gray: It doesn't change what we have to do.

Bramedb: Ha... You're quite a talker at times like these.

Gray: Where are you going?

Bramedb: I have other things to do.

Bramedb: This is your problem, remember?

Gray: ...

After watching Bramedb make a leisurely departure, Gray turns away without a word.

...It doesn't matter. Besides, she's more than capable of taking care of some scum.

Counting on Bramedb... Ha, now there's a joke.
Part 4

4

Battlefield effect "Struggling" is now active.
Part 5

5

The enemies will grow in strength with every round.
Part 6

6

Battlefield effects "Last-Ditch Struggle" and "The Damned" are now active.
Part 7

7

Battlefield effect "Last-Ditch Struggle" has expired.
Part 8

8

Battlefield effect "The Damned" has expired.
Part 9

9

Battlefield effect "Last-Ditch Struggle" acquired.
Part 10

10

Battlefield effect "The Damned" acquired.
Part 11

11

Battlefield effect "Stuck Fast" acquired.
Part 12

12

Battlefield effect "Armor Loss" acquired.
Part 13

13

Battlefield effects "Last-Ditch Struggle", "The Damned", "Stuck Fast" and "Armor Loss" are now active.
Part 14

14

Battlefield effect "Last-Ditch Struggle" has expired.
Part 15

15

Battlefield effect "The Damned" has expired.
Part 16

16

Battlefield effect "Stuck Fast" has expired.
Part 17

17

Battlefield effect "Armor Loss" has expired.
Part 18

18

Battlefield effect "Last-Ditch Struggle" is now active.
Part 19

19

Battlefield effect "The Damned" is now active.
Part 20

20

Battlefield effect "Stuck Fast" is now active.
Part 21

    21chevron_right

Battlefield effect "Armor Loss" is now active.

...

Click.

The transmission connects.

Commander: SIG? Are you manning the outpost?

SIG MCX: Yup, sure am. I'm on lookout.

Commander: Good. I need you to intercept a small band of Paradeus troops that are about to break through the encirclement.

SIG MCX: A Paradeus unit? Me? Really?

Commander: They're an elite vanguard force.

Commander: It's probably a small scale breakthrough attempt.

Commander: Our main force can't leave the defense line.

Commander: I'm counting on you.

SIG MCX: Oh~ Sure thing, I got it.

Commander: You may end up needing backup during combat.

Commander: If that comes up, I'll do my best to help you, so there's no need to worry.

SIG MCX: Okay!

Click.

The transmission has ended.
Part 2

2

Bangbangbang!

SIG MCX: Ah... I'mgonnadieI'mgonnadieI'mgonnadie!

SIG MCX: How can I fight so many Paradeus troops by myself?!

Click.

P90: Hello? Can you hear me?

P90: I'm your reinforce—

VSK-94: ...SIG MCX, we're here to help you out.

SIG MCX: Oh, you're just in time!

SIG MCX: Did you bring a message from the Commander?

VSK-94: We were told to proceed immediately to the objective point to link up with you.

VSK-94: The mission is very simple—no suppression needed, just wipe them all out.

SIG MCX: Easier said than done...

P90: Leave it to me~ Send them victorious, happy and glorious, long to reign over us, God save the Commander!

SIG MCX & VSK-94: DON'T YOU SAY THAT KIND OF LINE!
Part 3

3

Click.

Desert Eagle: Desert Eagle in position.

Gr MG4: Gr MG4 in position. Where are the enemy units?

SIG MCX: VSK-94 and I are suppressing them... Please head over to P90.

SIG MCX: Things are getting real now.

SIG MCX: Take them out!

Desert Eagle: Understood.

Gr MG4: Got it.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Commander: SIG? Do you read me?

SIG MCX: SIG copies, we've beaten back two rounds of enemy attack.

SIG MCX: Are there any new orders?

Commander: I'm sorry. You've all done so much...

Commander: But I'll need you to do even more after this.

Commander: Things are heating up on ST AR-15's end.

Commander: I need a commando unit to crush the enemy.

P90: Which means... a tactical victory, then?

P90: You always ask for so much, Darling~

VSK-94: The enemy should have realized that.

VSK-94: The next round will be a bigger offensive than anything before.

Gr MG4: ...I'll do my best.

Desert Eagle: We'll show them what Griffin Dolls can do!

During this stage, the first three moves that Squad Nitrogen makes in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature while completing the stage.
Part 2

2

Air support has been summoned. Support will come after 1 round and it will inflict high damage to enemies within 1 node of the targeted position.
Part 3

3

During this stage, echelons other than Squad Umbrella can only make a maximum of 3 moves. Squad Umbrella can lift this limitation for echelons within 3 nodes. Please plan carefully, Commander.
Part 4

4

During this stage, the first 2 moves that Squad Nitrogen makes in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.

Although the enemy boss has already left, the battlefield still has high-level command units present. Defeating them will surely help turn the tide.
Part 5

5

Attempting to crack the Defense Gate's password. Movement is not possible in the meantime. Being hit by cannon fire will interrupt the process, and a new cracking attempt will be necessary.
Part 6

    6chevron_right

During this stage, the first 3 moves that Chessmaster makes in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.

The enemy's Particle Shockwave Cannons are impassable terrain before they are destroyed or captured. At the start of each enemy turn, they will bombard all friendly units within 2 nodes and deal damage while interrupting certain actions, so please deal with them carefully....

...

What scant legacies we still possess, you left behind for us.

What convictions burned in your hearts when you first sacrificed yourselves?

What did you hope to gain when you decided to surrender control over your destinies?

...

Ange: Tell me, would you all have made the same decision if you saw how we are now?

Ange: ...

Ange: Perhaps the only one lesson that we, those who remain, have learned from your sacrifices...

Ange: ...Is that we will never, ever learn anything from them.

...Click.

AK-12: Ange, the lurking threats are on the move.

AK-12: Shall we continue surveillance?

Ange: ...

AK-12: Ange? Do you read me?

Ange: They're moving much faster than anything Statesec planned for.

Ange: And those bureaucrats... they won't ever consider the errors in orders they gave out from behind the desk.

AK-12: You mean you plan on using this opportunity to take the wind out of their sails?

Ange: ...

Ange: That's not the reason we came here. Nor are they the ones responsible for the choices we made.

Ange: Take 94 and link up with me. Get the team ready for action.

...The transmission ends.

Ange: M4.

M4A1: I'm here.

M4A1: What is this place? Ange, there's no need for us to be here during a surveillance operation.

Ange: It might be unnecessary...but that doesn't mean it's meaningless.

Ange: What is this place, according to your neural cloud?

M4A1: It's a memorial to the fallen. There are no clues or information around here.

M4A1: The world got worse and worse, even after wars upon wars. Their sacrifices were in vain.

Ange: This memorial to the fallen of the last war is enough of an answer.

Ange: A sacrifice is the final defense of one's beliefs. They died for what they believed in.

Ange: And we, the ones who lived, have no right to assign value to the sacrifices of others.

M4A1: I will not adjust my opinion in light of that.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...And you decided to interfere with Griffin's business with the same attitude?

Ange: You knew very well that what you did would only expose us prematurely.

M4A1: ...It's all for the sake of future operations.

Ange: But if it all comes to nothing in the end, are you willing to accept the fact that everything you did was in vain?

M4A1: I will not, nor is there a need to consider such a possibility.

Ange: M4...

Ange: ...

Ange: You're becoming more and more of a stranger to me.

M4A1: "Protect your friends in the AR Team no matter the cost, even if you have to sacrifice yourself."

M4A1: Weren't you the one who taught me this core principle?

Ange: ...

A bouquet of fresh flowers is laid before the memorial.

Ange: Things are different from how they used to be.

M4A1: Nothing's changed. It's just that you've become weak.

Ange: Ha, you don't quite seem to know the difference.

Ange: However, you'll probably begin to understand after this operation.

M4A1: Really?

M4A1: Do you know what's going to happen during this operation?

Ange: I don't, M4A1...

Ange: But it definitely won't be anything good, right?

M4A1: ...Aren't you the optimist.

Ange: The only good thing that can come of this is that we survive.

Ange: Do your best to achieve that, then you'll understand...

Ange: The meaning of sacrifice, and everything you see before you...

Ange: ...I assure you of that.

...

A hacker.

A spy.

An information broker.

Or perhaps a middleman for "the big shots."

K: Oh, and Commander? I know you're monitoring our conversation from your terminal.

K: I don't know what you look like, but from the way you handled the situation, I understand why you are feared by many.

K: However, while in this city, you won't want me as an enemy and vice versa - for the time being.

Perhaps he's one of those.

Or perhaps...he's all of them.

K: In any case, I give my regards.

K: Should I say..."A pleasure to meet you," or "Welcome to Belgrade"?

K: I've been waiting for you.

I dislike dealing with such people.

They'll help you, for a high price.

But you'll never know when they'll betray you for an even higher one.

...

K: Now then...

K: Angelia... Let me tell you about her adventures.

K: Where would you like me to start?

...The next day, in a secret Griffin safe house.

Kalina: Commander!

Kalina: Wake up, Commander!

RO635: Miss Kalina? Ah...still can't get the Commander out of the room?

Kalina: Yeah...it seems the Commander's still feeling down after that conversation with Mr. K yesterday.

RO635: I can understand how that feels, like it was all for nothing...

RO635: Even so, I took the briefcase as K asked. Should I begin analyzing the contents?

RO635: Or should we contact Miss Persica?

Kalina: The Commander asked us to put all activities on hold, so we probably shouldn't do anything until we get orders.

RO635: But it's almost time for the scheduled call with K. At this rate...

...The door suddenly opens.

Commander: Kalina, come to the comms room.

Kalina: Er... Yes, Commander!

Kalina: The signal's not too good... Ah, we're through!

Kalina: Commander, we can engage in encrypted comms on channel B-3-5F, and we can maintain comms secrecy for three minutes.

K: Commander, you're late. Not a good habit for a PMC to have.

Commander: ...

K: What's the matter? The look on your face suggests that you're quite unhappy with me.

K: According to my information, you've recalled all the Dolls you've dispatched to this safe house.

K: Should I interpret this as a form of disobedience?

Commander: As far as I know, the orders I received were to look for Ange.

K: Do you still think so, even after what happened yesterday?

K: "Find Ange"?

K: If you really believe that, then I'll have to look for another candidate.

Commander: Smuggling the HOCs and the Dolls past the border went too smoothly.

Commander: One would have to pay a huge price in order to make such a thing happen, and it's not something that money alone can cover. So there must be some reason why Griffin has to be here.

Commander: What that tells me is that you and your backers have no better choice than me. So you can either tell me more about Ange, or I can have my Dolls take a vacation until it's too late.

K: You're smart, Commander.

K: But I've already told you enough.

K: "Ange is not your enemy."

K: Just like I said yesterday.

Kalina: Of COURSE we know Miss Ange isn't our enemy!

Kalina: It's because she's not our enemy that we're so worried about her and want to find her!

K: Ah, Kalina, Griffin's veteran logistics officer.

K: You were an orphan and a drifter from a young age, which is why you place such great emphasis on money. Kryuger pitied you, and so he recruited you into Griffin despite you being underage at the time.

Kalina: ...

K: Normally, I'm not a fan of dealing with people who are too avaricious, because they'll sell themselves for the slightest bit of cash.

K: Would you betray the Commander beside you for money?

Kalina: Of course not!

K: Mm. Compared to your fake smile from just now, I find your genuine anger a lot cuter.

K: I believe that you won't, because everything has a price. In other words, a bargaining chip of commensurate value.

K: It's just like how every bit of information I provide must be paid for by you providing something of equal value to me.

Commander: You don't get to decide the equivalence of values all on your own. I'm not going to say this again. Griffin will not take any action before I gain more information.

K: Seeking mutual consensus is very good. It seems that on top of getting straight to the point, you're quite adept at negotiations, Commander. It would seem I will have to make a few concessions of my own.

Kalina: Please stop going around in circles, Mr. K. Shouldn't we be working together?

K: Your opinion is very constructive, so I will add another piece of information.

K: Ange the "traitor" is currently carrying out a mission not fitting of her "traitor" status. And as you know, she is currently in this very city.

K: She is alone save for her Doll squad, and the mission she is carrying out is, as always, extremely risky. Severely outnumbered, it is very likely that she will be swamped by the enemy if she does not receive support. And the people who were supposed to provide said support are enjoying a vacation in a cozy cabin...

Commander: ...

Kalina: ...

K: Here's another freebie. Her team contains Dolls who were once from the AR Team.

K: If my information is correct, they once operated under you. Am I correct, Griffin Commander?

Kalina: M4...? They're in Belgrade too?

Commander: ...

Commander: What do you need us to do now?

K: I like that pragmatic nature of yours, Commander.

K: I believe we will enjoy working together.

...Inside Griffin's safe house in Belgrade.

RO635: We were insulted by humans...trapped...almost drowned...

RO635: And we didn't even manage to find the enemy's true hiding place... If this keeps up...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you talking about, RO?

M4 SOPMOD II: Quit moping over there, the clothes we washed yesterday are dry now. I'll put them here, along with your gear.

RO635: ...I really envy how you can be so relaxed in a situation like this.

RO635: Did you get a checkup afterwards? Did the water damage your body?

M4 SOPMOD II: Nope! I was on your shoulders all the time so I didn't get any water on me~

M4 SOPMOD II: When can we get fully waterproofed bodies, anyway?

RO635: I don't think that's possible in the short term...

M4 SOPMOD II: Then we'd better avoid the sewers from now on...

M4 SOPMOD II: If the Commander's forces had arrived any later, we might really have gone to a watery grave.

RO635: Actually, what bothers me more is the "guardian angel" that Mr. K was talking about...

RO635: They managed to open a door that even I couldn't remotely operate...

M4 SOPMOD II: So you're saying...someone else saved us yesterday?

RO635: I'm not too sure... Ah, hang on, there's an incoming transmission.

Kalina: Still there, RO? Could you bring that briefcase to the comms room? Also, the Commander said to let SOP-II come along as well.

RO635: Roger. Let's go, SOP-II. We've got a new mission.

RO635: What's this briefcase?

Kalina: We've activated it the way Mr. K told us to. What's this...

M4 SOPMOD II: What the heck...it's just a holographic map and a bunch of coordinates.

Kalina: There are way too many coordinates, no matter how you slice it... Do we really have to dispatch Dolls to each of them?

RO635: We have to send someone to every one of them? That would pretty much scatter them across the entire city, isn't this a bit too...

M4 SOPMOD II: Is that Mr. K's request? He's clearly treating us like tools! Does he want to turn us into walking security cameras?!

Kalina: (Groans) That said, he does have information on Ange, and everything we are about to do will help her.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ehhh? You've got news about Ange?!

Kalina: All we know is that "she's carrying out a mission in this city" and that she needs our help.

RO635: Ange...is also in Belgrade...?

RO635: So...our presence here isn't a coincidence...

M4 SOPMOD II: If Ange's here, then are M4 and AR-15 also...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: But if they're here, then why didn't they contact us?

M4 SOPMOD II: There are a lot of ways to communicate securely, right?

RO635: Don't get worked up, SOP-II.

RO635: As long as we do what we are supposed to, we'll meet them eventually.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just feel like...

M4 SOPMOD II: I haven't really thought about what I should say if I end up meeting the others again.

RO635: It's still too early to think about such things, SOP-II.

RO635: Also, what will we be doing next, according to Mr. K's plan?

Kalina: Er...um...disguise yourselves as humans, and chill...?

M4 SOPMOD II: So we're going to be walking security cameras after all!

...

P22: Hailing Commander, our forces are in position.

P22: We're preparing for the infiltration.

Lewis: We're in position too, haven't encountered any obstacles for the moment.

Lewis: Hehe, as I thought, humans don't go out of their way to give good-looking girls trouble.

Lewis: Still, are you sure we have to put away our weapons before entering the indicated district?

Lewis: It doesn't feel safe...

Kalina: The last two echelons are in position. That means everyone's reached their appointed coordinates, and their weapons have all been hidden away. What should we do next, Commander?

Commander: We'll wait for K's next request.

Kalina: Understood.

Kalina: Still, why would Mr. K want us to go to these places?

Kalina: They're all residential areas or shopping districts, it doesn't seem like there are any high-value targets there...

...Click.

K: Commander, you moved faster than I expected.

K: My opinion of Griffin has been favorably revised.

Kalina: No need to sweet-talk us at a time like this.

Kalina: I'm sure what we're doing isn't as simple as having a bunch of Tactical Dolls stand by the side of the road, am I correct?

K: I like I.O.P. products very much. Having one next to you feels like being in the company of a real person.

K: And sometimes, kindness can be a weapon in its own right.

Kalina: ...Is that why you asked the Dolls to hide their weapons, in order to make them look more like ordinary human beings?

K: That's because our enemy might be more human-like than us.

Kalina: So you're saying, the white enemies...are already lying in wait at those coordinates?

K: Commander, don't you need more information about Ange? Consider this operation the price for learning about her.

K: Find those white bastards and wipe them out before it's too late.

Kalina: But if the enemy's already infiltrated these streets, doesn't that mean they're already among the humans and the civilian Dolls?

Kalina: There's no way we can tell who's a hidden enemy under these conditions!

K: The briefcase contains a database containing the White Faction signal markers we've encountered so far. Send it to your Dolls.

K: Once you scan anyone who matches those markers, force a connection and fry their neural clouds.

K: If you meet any tricky opposition, let RO and SOP-II handle it. They should have enough experience with that after yesterday.

Commander: ...

Commander: How did you know that RO and SOP-II have experience in picking out hidden enemies?

K: Oh, don't frown at me like that, Commander. Obtaining information is my job.

K: Especially...information about you.
Part 2

2

...Inside the Belgrade safe house.

Marlohe: Commander, Miss Kalina, this way please.

Kalina: What is this place?

K: One of my safe houses.

K: You can set up your command post here for the duration of your operations in this city.

K: The equipment here will provide you ample transmission coverage to keep your HQ in contact with your Dolls throughout the city limits.

Kalina: I can't believe it... It's a Type 50 bidirectional low-frequency MSE-based transceiver system...and there're three of them!

Kalina: Closed-circuit signal jammers! Holy crap, every room's been fitted with them...

Kalina: Can that Mr. K really throw around military-grade equipment like this so casually...?

K: As long as it helps the mission.

K: Let Marlohe know if you have any other requests. She is at your service.

K: If there's nothing else, we'll speak again at our next scheduled communication.

K: I'll leave the rest to you, Marlohe.

Marlohe: Yes, Master.

Kalina: Mr. K might be stingy with his information, but he's really generous in other areas...

Marlohe: Miss Kalina, can I help you with anything?

Kalina: Ah, then, could you tell me about Ange?

Marlohe: No comment.

Kalina: Ah...as I thought, it didn't work...

Kalina: Eh, forget it. Miss Marlohe, please show us around this place, if you would.

Marlohe: Understood.

...

Marlohe: This is the ammunition storage room.

Marlohe: The toilet is ahead and to the right.

Kalina: There are just too few toilets here...not enough for everyone.

Marlohe: May I remind you that Dolls do not have the biological need to use the bathroom.

Kalina: ...

Kalina: ...I know that! I'm talking about our logistics staff!

Marlohe: I would advise against letting too many people learn the location of this safe house. The other Griffin personnel can remain in the prior location.

Kalina: Humph... Alright...

Marlohe: Let us proceed to the next area.

Marlohe: This central room contains the MSE system hub, with a double-redundant emergency power supply here and here. You can observe the network from here, and I have already forwarded the interface and transmission network blueprints to you.

Kalina: Huh...so you could install them like this...

Kalina: Can I try modifying this equipment now?

Marlohe: Certainly. I can assist you.

Kalina: Alright! That way it'll be much more versatile!

Kalina: Thank you, Miss Marlohe. I didn't expect your database to contain so many plans!

Marlohe: Don't mention it.

Kalina: This way, the layout will be close to what it was in the base, which means it'll be easier for the Commander to use too.

Marlohe: If there is nothing else, I will enter standby mode.

Kalina: Wait! Wait a minute! Let's have a chat!

Marlohe: A chat?

Kalina: Yes, yes!

Marlohe: What shall we chat about?

Kalina: Ah...er...um...

Marlohe: If there is nothing of great importance, I will enter standby mode.

Kalina: Wait!

Kalina: Ah, yes...that's right, Miss Marlohe, what is Mr. K usually like?

Marlohe: I don't quite understand what you mean.

Kalina: That is to say...what kind of person is he like most of the time?

Kalina: For instance...do people usually visit him?

Marlohe: Secrecy is our mantra. Nobody would come to our door.

Kalina: Then does Mr. K speak with you?

Marlohe: Master needs to spend a great deal of time every day on collecting and analyzing information.

Marlohe: He does not waste time on frivolous interaction.

Kalina: Eh...but withdrawing from others isn't a good way to treat yourself...

Kalina: Surely there must be a limit to how deeply you can immerse yourself in work, right?

Marlohe: Thank you for your concern.

Marlohe: However, Master lives a very regimented life, and his health status is also strictly monitored.

Kalina: Regimented?

Marlohe: Master has arranged a schedule for himself.

Marlohe: He is very precise in his activities and daily life and does not leave any openings. Nor does he waste any time or energy. Everything must be kept at maximum efficiency.

Kalina: He can't be off, not even for a second?

Marlohe: Not even for a second.

Kalina: That feels a little frightening...

Kalina: Don't tell me Mr. K is just an A-Doll who only knows how to work?

Kalina: Ahaha... I was just kidding...

Marlohe: Please take those words back.

Kalina: Huh?

Marlohe: Even if Master controls his life with absolute precision, he is not an emotionless machine.

Marlohe: He simply acts in a way that will protect everyone, even if others do not understand his method.

Marlohe: Therefore I will not tolerate any criticism about the Master.

Kalina: I...I'm sorry...

Marlohe: Someday you will understand too.

Marlohe: If there is nothing else, please permit me to take my leave.

Kalina: Al...alright...

Marlohe leaves.

Kalina: Really... A misunderstood method...

Kalina: Perhaps other than our standpoints, we're not so different after all...

Kalina: Phew...

Kalina: It took a bit of doing, but on the whole, this temporary command post looks pretty good.

Commander: You've finished already?

Kalina: I did my best to give this place the same functionality as the command room in our base. I also made some small changes so that we can communicate with the outside world in a more secure transmission mode.

Commander: So you're saying we can talk to Persica?

Kalina: I think you shouldn't contact Persica for the time being. She's probably under very heavy surveillance right now...

Commander: How about the others?

Kalina: I've been negotiating with WAVE Corporation. While they're an information agency that Mr. Witkiny recommended, they seem a little suspicious. Still, it's not like we have any better choices right now...

Commander: I reckon that means you're onto something.

Kalina: Yes. In fact, I was looking for you to tell you about it.

Kalina: WAVE helped us gather some information, and while it was pricey...it was worth it.

Commander: Hm, care to share?

Kalina: Do you remember what Mr. Witkiny said before...about how this mission was given to us by a member of Statesec?

Kalina: At first, I thought that Mr. K was a Statesec agent or something, but it was only after I looked through the information that I realized...we really are quite low on the food chain...

Kalina: K isn't an employee of Statesec, at least not according to their personnel manifest. So to Statesec, we're just...subcontractors of a subcontractor.

Commander: A glove over another glove, huh...

Kalina: Ange aside, Statesec is also taking official action in this city. There's going to be a very important bilateral summit taking place in three days, so it's easy to see why Mr. K wants us to clear out the infiltration of the White Faction's Dolls...

Commander: That was the meeting they were talking about on TV earlier, right...

Kalina: Correct, but there's something weird about it all...

Kalina: This operation in Belgrade - both the officially dispatched agents as well as the people liaising with K - didn't originate from the Bureau HQ, but the Sixth Directorate of Internal Security.

Commander: The Sixth Directorate?

Commander: But if I'm not wrong, the Ninth Directorate is in charge of diplomatic protection work...right?

Kalina: Precisely. Sixth Directorate mainly handles top secret cases involving cutting-edge technology and national-defense industries.

Kalina: That's why it's so weird!

Kalina: Why would they need to send people from the Sixth Directorate just to provide security for a summit?

Kalina: Why is K in Belgrade, acting on the orders of a department that deals with top-secret technology?

Kalina: And what does all of this have to do with Ange?

Commander: ...

Commander: I'll remember this.

Commander: Did you find anything related to Ange?

Kalina: Yeah...

Kalina: But everything I could dig up didn't go into much depth.

Kalina: Most of it was combat records from when she was seconded to Griffin as a commander in the past, except for this one...

...Click.

The attempt to read the file fails.

Commander: Is it...corrupted?

Kalina: It's not corrupted. Judging from the details, it looks like someone deleted the information.

Commander: This time period...it's a log of Ange's activities from before and after Operation Butterfly...

Commander: Can you or WAVE recover the file?

Kalina: I've already tried...

Kalina: But since the information was deliberately destroyed, there's pretty much no way to restore it.

Commander: ...

...In the middle of the night.

I'm sitting at my place, contemplating Kalina's findings as well as everything about this city.

Commander: ...

Commander: (K is the middleman between Statesec and us, which means K is on the same side as Statesec.)

Commander: (But does K truly know what Statesec's real objective is?)

Commander: (Or are we all nothing but pawns?)

What role did Ange play in all of this?

If everything was as K said and Ange is still carrying out the mission given to her by Statesec, then why did Statesec prepare a card like me?

Am I to assist her...

Or to monitor her?

And if Ange really does defy the orders given to her by Statesec... then what role does K play?

...Someone knocks on the door.

Kalina: Not asleep yet, Commander?

Commander: Oh, I'm almost about to.

Commander: Right now, it's just... I can't stop thinking about a few things.

Kalina: All-nighters are bad for your health, you know.

Kalina: Here, I've warmed up some milk, drink it while it's hot!

Commander: Mm...thanks.

Kalina: Miss Marlohe allowed me to query their database, so I've been searching for useful information all this while.

Kalina: I rushed over because I stumbled upon something.

Kalina: Still...you really were thinking about Ange after all, weren't you?

Commander: ...Yeah, all of this is just weird, no matter how you slice it.

Commander: It feels like I'm missing a piece of the puzzle and I can't link it all together.

Kalina: It's all because K controls all the information and he won't reveal anything!

Kalina: While he keeps saying he'll tell us more after we complete our mission, he's either been playing dumb or feeding us irrelevant things up till now.

Kalina: I don't believe that he'll explain it all to us after we've finished everything!

Commander: Even so, we need to play our part.

Commander: If he wants obedient tools, then we'll do as he says in principle.

Kalina: But even if we do that...

...Kalina and I both fall silent.

Commander: Ugh, for now, let's set aside these problems we can't understand.

Commander: I also found more detailed information about the upcoming summit.

Commander: This is the local paper from last night.

—"In light of the upcoming international summit, the municipal authorities have announced 17 new security ordinances in order to ensure the safety of the meeting's opening ceremony..."

Kalina: Belgrade... It's considered neutral territory on the European political map, so if there are bilateral talks, they'll be held here, and the Neo-Soviet Union and the United Nations will have ambassadors representing them.

Kalina: This city is beyond the reach of either sides' influence, so a lot of thought must have gone into picking this place.

Commander: Neutral, huh... Trust is as hard to build as ever. Granted, they can avoid political pressure from both sides on neutral ground. However, the downside is that it's very easy for people who don't want the summit to infiltrate this place...

Kalina: That's true...

Kalina: I also heard some rumors that there were some plans to join the United Nations on our side, but the idea of allying with old enemies was met with extreme backlash within the country. Perhaps people don't love peace as much as they say they do...

Commander: It's not easy to shake hands with a mortal enemy.

Commander: And to some people, a world in conflict better serves their interests.

Kalina: Ugh...it's so confusing...

Commander: Apart from that...did you find anything else?

Kalina: Oh, I almost forgot!

Kalina: Commander, take a look at this!

...Kalina dumps a pile of documents on the desk.

Commander: Let me see...

Commander: Special columns and reviews...

Commander: The United Nations clarifies its anti-war stance...but the dates are all...

Kalina: They're from the event 2 years ago commemorating the 10th anniversary of the end of World War III..

Kalina: K dug up a lot of articles from that period. He always made special note of things like these that you could find anywhere.

Commander: ...

Commander: "Rossartrism".

Kalina: That's right... They're all activities linked to Rossartrism.

Commander: I've heard that the Rossartrists were behind the formation of the United Nations and they were even tied to the end of WWIII.

Commander: Still, there's nothing surprising about him collecting these. While K didn't go out and take part in political activities, it seems he has a political stance of his own.

Commander: That said, I don't understand why someone like him would choose to support such an extreme ideology.

Kalina: I think I've found the reason why K chose us... take a look at this.

Commander: This is...

Kalina: By May, 25 members of the United Nations will have declared their wish to embrace Rossartrism.

Kalina: Public support of governments which practice Rossartrism is in excess of 70%.

Kalina: A new common destiny will soon be born, and mankind will soon set foot into a new era of faith and mutual aid.

Kalina: High-ranking officials of the United Nations have announced more initiatives to progress mankind, and to that end they have already prepared to become a cutting edge of a newer world.

Commander: Wait, what was that...?

Kalina: Yeah... I was really surprised when I saw it too.

Commander: "A newer world..."

Kalina: "The cutting edge of a newer world."

Kalina: That's the slogan of the Rossartrist movement.

Kalina: They were using it long before Griffin did.

Commander: ...

Kalina: Spreading Rossartrism is prohibited within the nation, so we know almost nothing about it...

Kalina: I have no idea why Mr. Kryuger would use this for Griffin's slogan...

Commander: ...

Commander: Let's end it here for today.

Kalina: Huh?

Commander: Thinking about this won't help, and we still have a mission to carry out tomorrow. Let's call it a night.

Kalina: That...that's true. I'll go sleep, then. Goodnight, Commander.

...

...I had stopped the conversation in its tracks because the anxiety and uneasiness I felt was worse than when the Nytos were observing me on my sickbed.

Commander: "The cutting edge of a newer world..." Huh.

Commander: What forces could have guided things to this juncture...

Commander: Perhaps all this is more complicated and more frightening than I can imagine.
Part 3

3

...Mission accomplished.

Kalina: Commander, judging by the signals, we've wiped out the last enemies in hiding.

Kalina: But we couldn't find any more clues about the White Faction on their bodies.

Kalina: I've already sent over the data we've collected.

Commander: Is that so...

Commander: It seems we'll need to count on K in order to unravel this mystery.

...Click.

K: Neatly done, Commander.

K: Objectively speaking, there are few people with your level of operational efficiency. I have to say that it's left quite an impression.

Kalina: Humph, we've done what you've asked of us.

Kalina: Don't you think it's time to honor the promise you've made?

Kalina: At the very least, can you explain what this mission is all about?

K: You've made it perfectly clear that you can complete a task well even without knowing the details behind it.

K: However, I'll make an exception on account of the passable results of this task... What do you want to know?

Kalina: The briefcase you gave RO... The signal marker database inside it allowed us to accurately pinpoint the Dolls in hiding.

Kalina: Since you had the ability to find them, why didn't you take care of them yourself?

K: Someone's responsible for finding them, and you're responsible for exterminating them. That's the principle. Passing the information on to you via the database was just a secure means of communication.

Kalina: And did we purge the White Factions' infiltrators in order to secure the safety of the upcoming bilateral talks?

K: Yes.

Commander: ...And here I thought you'd have denied or tried to hide it

K: You would have guessed it, even if I hadn't said anything, so there was no harm in telling you.

Kalina: Why didn't you send out more professional security personnel since it's such an important summit? Surely Statesec's better at this than PMCs like us.

K: That's because someone believes you can do a better job than Statesec.

Kalina: What...

K: ...

K: We're not inside our country. We're not even within a country that's under our control.

K: If we're even the slightest bit careless here in anything we do, it might trigger a diplomatic disaster.

K: Therefore they cannot — and they will not — act rashly.

K: What we need are people who can conceal their identities and who are also capable of eliminating the enemy.

K: What you said earlier was right; there's no better choice than you for the job.

Kalina: In that case, how about telling us about Ange...

K: Being the best choice doesn't mean you get to make any demands

K: We have other plans in place even without you. Nobody is irreplaceable.

Kalina: Tsk...

Commander: I understand our position, and we're doing our best to keep our side of the bargain.

Commander: I don't mind not asking about Ange now, but I have another question.

K: Today's Q&A session is over.

Commander: Even if this question could determine the success or failure of the entire operation?

K: ...

Commander: Are the people you want us to purge really from the White Faction?

Commander: At first, I thought they had spread out and hidden because they were preparing to unleash a wave of city-wide devastation.

Commander: But as we uncovered more of their ambush positions, I realized they did not follow that logic.

Commander: Their deployment was extremely sloppy, and even if they wanted to take action, they lacked coordination among themselves and were easily isolated and destroyed.

Commander: When we launched an electronic warfare offensive to eliminate the infiltrating enemy units, they couldn't mount any effective resistance. They could not even find the origin of the Dolls which launched the attack.

Commander: But the technology and equipment they used definitely belong to the White Faction. That's what I find the most disturbing.

Commander: If they really were units from the White Faction, then they were being far too amateurish.

K: Perhaps that's all there is to them.

Commander: In my experience, it's not a good sign when an operation goes too well.

K: Overestimating the enemy is just as bad a habit as underestimating them, Commander.

Commander: If this meeting isn't so important, we wouldn't be standing here. If the meeting really is that important, then the White Faction wouldn't have sent a bunch of rabble over. That leaves only one conclusion...the true threat is not among these enemies.

K: I will convey your opinion to my client.

Commander: There's still time to call for reinforcements from StateSec.

K: No help will come from within the country.

Commander: What? Why?! Do you intend to stand by and watch as the peace summit is ruined?

K: Even if this is an important meeting, there is no real meaning behind the meeting itself.

K: The true meaning lies in the change of opinions behind the meeting.

K: There is nothing that cannot be sacrificed and nothing that cannot be forgotten.

K: You're smart, Commander. Sometimes, knowing less will help you live a little longer.

Commander: ...

K: That's all for today, go get some rest. There will be far more arduous tasks ahead of you.
Part 4

4

...Inside the Belgrade safe house.

Lewis: S.F. Dolls...they're average.

Lewis: Military automatons...they're so ugly they make me sick.

Lewis: Now, these White Faction infiltrator Dolls...they look the best.

Lewis: But why is it that these White Faction Dolls are the most troublesome ones to handle?!

P22: There's no end to the missions we're running outside, I can't believe you've still got the strength to complain so much.

Lewis: I can't help it, I feel bad about opening fire on targets that move my heart!

Lewis: First it was the high-end S.F. Dolls, and now these...

P22: What are you so sad about? Either those beautiful targets get disfigured, or you do. Feel free to take your pick.

P22: If you want to blame someone, then blame mankind for making such pretty things do jobs like this.

Lewis: Humans or Dolls, why won't they just sit down and talk things out...

Lewis: A lot of things wouldn't have to be so complicated if only people had more patience!

P22: They wouldn't?

P22: Do you think your enemies are also that naive?

Lewis: But—

X95: Ladies, are you really not going to use this time to get some rest?

X95: We'll be very busy over the next few days.

P22: I just can't help it, X95.

P22: Her Grace over here doesn't know how the world works yet.

...P22 stretches her body from where she's sitting on the sofa.

Lewis: Humph! I just don't get it!

Lewis: Besides, I don't understand why people still love to fight even though everyone knows that bloody conflicts are bad!

Lewis: And fighting would be one thing, but ruining such pretty faces—

X95: Ugh...

X95: Lewis, very often people don't choose to fight because they want to, but because they have to.

X95: Would you be so opposed to a war if it could compel two enemies to sit down and talk out their differences?

Lewis: But there'll be lots of unhappiness as long as there's war.

Lewis: It shouldn't be worthwhile!

P22: Isn't that why humans use Dolls to bleed on their behalf?

P22: From that point of view, you ought to be glad that you're a Doll, Your Worship.

X95: You don't need to put it that way, Miss P22...

Lewis: But they're just making us handle all the things they don't want to face!

Lewis: The source of the problem hasn't been dealt with at all.

X95: Many things are like that. Perhaps these problems may never be resolved.

X95: Humans passed those things on to us because very often, they, too, had to bear a lot of problems which didn't belong to them...

Lewis: Since it's not their problem, they should just ignore it...

X95: The problems left over from the past can't be abandoned so easily. That's the price of human progress.

X95: Too many people have had to bear the hatred of others from birth, even if both parties will never, ever meet.

X95: And blind hatred...eventually results in war.

Lewis: But how can everyone be so blind?!

Lewis: Surely any of their leaders...no, any one of them with some sense would know this is completely illogical, right?

Lewis: So why don't they choose to stop it?

P22: Hehe, it's not just that they didn't stop it, but the smartest humans even gave it a grand-sounding title.

P22: People nowadays are more inclined to call these leftover problems from the past "nationalism".

X95: I think the most ironic thing is that in the end, the only thing that can calm these people down is war.

X95: ..."It is well that war is so terrible, or we should grow too fond of it."

Lewis: ...

Lewis: (Sighs) Why isn't there a button that can wipe away all hatred with a push...

Lewis: Then we wouldn't need to keep going round in circles...

P22: It's hard to say if everyone wants such a thing.

P22: Would you be willing to reach an understanding with S.F. Dolls?

Lewis: I don't have any basis for this, but I feel that the high-end S.F. Dolls aren't bad people.

Lewis: There must have been some misunderstanding which led to them becoming the way they are now.

P22: Even if you think it's possible, how many of us would be able to accept that point of view?

P22: These are the same S.F. Dolls that have been wrecking our comrades out there, you know.

Lewis: How can I answer that?!

Lewis: I'm just a Doll, if S.F. destroys me, then just send me back to IOP for repairs.

Lewis: Ugh...my head hurts...

Lewis: Why do we have to discuss this...

P22: That's why I think we should just be good Dolls and not think too much. Leave the complicated questions for the big shots to worry about.

P22: Besides...we're just tools that mankind use to achieve their goals.

P22: Just like how they gain the most benefit for themselves by ravaging this world...

...

...Upstairs in the safe house.

HS2000: Seems like the people downstairs have piped down at last...

HS2000: Why do they need to talk about things that have nothing to do with them the moment they get inside...

HS2000: Isn't it much more comfy to just lie down and watch TV?

KSVK: When a soul is beset by confusion and doubt, it is only natural that it becomes aggressive.

KSVK: Suspicion is simply a way to express an attack.

HS2000: I don't quite get it...

HS2000: Still, their discussion was drowning out the sound of the program. I can finally watch TV in peace now.

HS2000: But the programs here are more boring than I imagined... I thought Griffin's video archives were outdated enough, but I didn't expect that there would be a place that's even worse.

KSVK: Be content with the fact that you've got something to watch... You're lucky that you weren't picked for electronic warfare duties or whatever, where your brain can get burned up if you're even the slightest bit careless.

HS2000: We don't have brains... Those are neural clouds, dear, neural clouds...

"We interrupt this program to bring you an urgent weather report..."

HS2000: And now I can't even watch TV...

"A thunderstorm will strike Belgrade within the next 48 hours. The purification towers are at Level Four alert and the trains on the Intercontinental Railway in or out of the city have been cancelled."

"Due to the recent surge in Collapse Fluid levels, the storm may bring intense radiation contamination. Citizens must cease all outdoor activities for the next two days."

"If an emergency situation arises, please contact the following departments—"

HS2000: What does this warning mean...

HS2000: Is this something we should care about? Are we going to have a vacation?

KSVK: Given the content, it seems to be aimed at the local population. In other words...only the humans.

KSVK: I don't think this will affect us in carrying out our mission.

KSVK: We're made of materials that are highly resistant to radiation. That was why we were chosen to come here.

HS2000: Which means we still need to go outside and find the White Faction Dolls, then...

HS2000: Ugh... I don't want to go outdoors in hazardous weather...

KSVK: The challenges which take you out of your comfort zone will eventually become your weapons.

HS2000: But I don't wanna leave my comfort zone...

HS2000: Ehhhh... I hate this... Can't I get a weaker body, the kind with which I can get paid just for being cute...?

KSVK: Destiny will not take pity on your weakness.

KSVK: Your wish will only lead to you being wrecked in battle.

HS2000: Ehhhh, you're so cold...

HS2000: Still, even if I get wrecked, I can still be fixed. I don't have to die outside even in crappy weather like this. Suddenly, being a Doll doesn't seem so bad after all.
Part 5

5

...The third day after the beginning of the extermination operation.

...Click.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander—!

M4 SOPMOD II: Are we done yet?!

Commander: And by done you mean...?

M4 SOPMOD II: We've been scanning, pinpointing and burning the enemy for the past few days...then we scan, pinpoint and burn the enemy again...and the enemy can't really fight either...

M4 SOPMOD II: Doing this sort of thing over and over again...it gets really boring.

Commander: I've been looking at monitors all day long myself, I feel like I'm about to go blind.

Commander: You're at Position 44, right? Things are almost wrapped up there, as long as you and RO...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO's getting bored too!

M4 SOPMOD II: "Besides, after 44 there'll be 54 and 64," she said.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhh! Quit pulling on me like that, RO!

RO635: I-I never said that!

Commander: Calm down.

Commander: According to K's information, we've almost finished wiping out the enemy's infiltrators.

Commander: So now all we need to do is wait for his...

...Click.

Commander: As I thought.

Commander: RO, SOP-II, head back to the safe house first.

RO635: It's over?

RO635: It's really over?

...

K: In terms of pure efficiency, you were eight hours quicker than I expected.

Commander: So, is the mission over?

Commander: I'm still waiting for my forces to report in.

K: This is a combat feedback report from a Statesec field agent team.

K: The information I'm giving you was prepared by professionals, so you can rest easy accepting it.

Commander: If that agent team can pinpoint the enemy so precisely, would they mind going ahead and taking them out while they're at it?

K: I told you before, their job is surveillance, yours is extermination. Those are the rules of the game.

Commander: So the agent team is your alternative plan, then.

K: One of them.

Commander: Thank you very much for passing me this piece of information.

Commander: But more than that, I'd like to know Ange's current situation.

K: You'll see her soon.

K: Wait for an update from me.

...The transmission ends.

Commander: ...

Kalina: Commander! Breaking news!

Kalina: The other four infiltrator units gave their reports, all the information we have suggests that the White Faction units have been completely wiped out!

Kalina: Now this entire city district is safe!

Commander: Yeah, K already told me.

Kalina: Ehh... You already knew...?

Commander: Call back the echelons that have finished their tasks so they can rest. Have the backup echelons who are standing by take up watch positions.

Commander: Don't let your guard down, everyone. Even if we appear to have wiped out the enemy, there might still be lurking threats.

Kalina: Got it—!

...Kalina leaves.

Commander: (Have they all been wiped out?)

Commander: (The White Faction didn't offer any proper resistance right till the end... but even after asking RO to widen her scanning radius, I couldn't find any remaining signals... Are they really so helpless against us?)

...I sweep my gaze over the dozens of monitor feeds before my eyes, trying to find some trace of armed White Faction troops hiding among them.

But that is not possible, the streets of Belgrade are far too peaceful.

Cars travel back and forth, and the streets are filled with throngs of happy, contented citizens.

Perhaps I could tell how many plainclothes police officers there were at a glance, but I can't tell who's a White Faction Doll in hiding.

...As that thought crosses my mind, a familiar figure suddenly appears in the crowd.

Commander: That's...

...A girl with a familiar face looks up and smiles at the camera.

...Then she vanishes into the masses.

Commander: Ny...

...She's smiling, a smile that says that she has the situation completely under control.

Are our operations at risk of being exposed?

Is that really the case? Were those enemies just a cover-up while we remain ignorant of the true threat?

No, that's impossible, if that really is the case, then how could K and Statesec not have realized this? Don't they have any countermeasures in place?

Am I seeing things? Do I make mistakes like that?

As my thoughts reach that point, I feel a chill running down my spine.

...Click.

K: I know you're not happy with our deliberate reluctance to turn over information on Ange to you, but unbeknownst to anyone, Ange has given too much of herself for the sake of the upcoming matter, and we can't let her sacrifice be in vain.

K: The next and final task you will receive is the true reason why we chose to work with Griffin.

K: We have made the appropriate arrangements. Once your task is complete, you will meet with Ange.

...

Commander: So what does Statesec want us to do?

K: You're a PMC. This part should be familiar.

Commander: The small fry outside have been taken care of. That means what comes next is the main event.

Commander: You want us to join the security team for the peace conference, don't you?

K: I can't keep anything from you, can I, Commander?

K: But you're still considered a reserve force among the security detail. Don't get carried away.

Commander: If it's already decided that we are to protect our country's ambassador, then what does Statesec want us to do?

K: Our country's ambassador?

K: Didn't I tell you not to get carried away just now? You aren't qualified to join the ambassador's bodyguards.

K: ...These are the details of your client this time round.

...Click.

Commander: ...

Commander: Wait a minute, this is...

K: Griffin doesn't need to worry about our ambassador.

K: She, on the other hand...is the client who will be in your care.
Part 6

6

...

...The morning of the summit.

0600.

Security Guard: Step forward, please present your identification.

...

Security Guard: Reporters, please take the press entrance and proceed straight ahead.

...

I pass through layer after layer of chain link fences and barricades.

...After going past the grim-faced police officers and MPs outside, I finally set foot on the staircase leading to the conference hall.

"We don't need Rossartre and his lackeys!"

"Get the fuck out of our city, you extremist executioners!"

All manner of gigantic slogan-bearing banners are visible among the protestors outside the conference hall.

A huge number of protestors have already gathered here before the start of the meeting, and they are locked in an intense standoff with the shield-bearing MPs of Belgrade.

Commander: Terrible weather, terrible crowds, what a terrible day this is.

I look up at the overcast sky and think about the thunderstorm which has been forecasted to grace the city today. Hopefully the city's purification towers will be able to do their job.

...After looking one last time at the noisy confrontation outside, I enter the hall.

Kalina: Commander! Over here!

Commander: Where are the others?

Kalina: (Whispers) The infiltration team used the fake IDs from K and entered successfully.

Kalina: RO and SOP-II are leading the other teams. As ordered, they're monitoring the situation from the surveillance points around the conference hall.

Commander: We don't know who around us is friend or foe, so we'll refer to the White Faction as the "hidden threat".

Kalina: Ah, alright.

Kalina: Everyone's taken the positions which K indicated in his request and they're all waiting for your orders. The interior looks safe, but the crowd outside, on the other hand...

Commander: Don't worry. The MPs of this city will maintain order outside. All we need to do is to make sure the hidden threat hasn't snuck inside.

Commander: Once the summit begins, the police will disperse those people by force.

Kalina: But once they begin driving the crowd away, a conflict will surely break out...

Kalina: I'm worried the enemy will attack the conference hall during the confusion.

Commander: We shouldn't need to worry about the defenses of this place. The MPs here have ample firepower to provide protection.

Commander: If a riot breaks out, let the surveillance teams break up the hidden threat's organized strength on the outside.

Commander: Keep all team leaders on alert and make sure they do their part. Don't attract suspicion.

...

...0700 in the morning.

...As time passes, the conference hall soon fills up with people.

Kalina: Commander, look at the entrance.

Kalina: Something seems to be going on there...

...Not far off, the guards at the entrance are vetting contingents seeking to enter the conference hall strictly.

It is obvious that the visitors are very unhappy with what the guards are doing.

Security Trooper: Nobody is allowed to carry weapons inside the conference hall! Either hand over your weapons or get lost and get out of the way!

Agent: What nonsense are you talking, Class A permits allow us to bring weapons into the venue, it says so clearly in the agreement!

Security Trooper: I've never seen any such agreement and orders are orders!

Kalina: While it's not like I don't understand why... But that checkpoint's being really overzealous in their security checks.

Kalina: Don't tell me they discovered some new threat...

Commander: No...it doesn't look like there's any threat. Those gate guards are just giving the Statesec agents a hard time.

Kalina: Am I missing something? Aren't both sides working to protect the meeting?

Kalina: Why are they still butting heads when the meeting's about to begin...

Commander: The master of this house doesn't seem to like some of the guests, nobody's to blame for that.

Kalina: Urgh...so you're saying it's because of bad historical relationships...

Kalina: Even without the disturbance outside, can a peace conference like this really proceed "peacefully"?

Commander: We shouldn't be worrying about that.

Commander: I just hope the Statesec agents won't focus all their attention on those friendly and welcoming security troopers.

Commander: Something's wrong in the conference hall.

Kalina: Huh?

Commander: X95, do you read me?

X95: Your orders, Commander?

Commander: How's your situation?

X95: Everything's going as planned, apart from the fact that posing as a waitress Doll is a little uncomfortable...

Commander: Bear with it for a little longer.

Commander: Have you verified that all the corridors inside the conference hall are clear?

X95: Yes, I'm sending over the corridor and route information. Other than the normal, guarded corridors, 90% of the emergency exits have been locked down. Half of them are metal fire doors and I visually estimate that one would need in excess of 800 grams of explosive to wreck them. While that might have been done for security purposes, this method of sealing off the exit might lead to the personnel being unable to evacuate swiftly if something happens inside.

Commander: Received. Continue gathering information.

X95: Yes, Commander.

Commander: Other than the corridors being under control, the deployment of security details throughout the building makes no sense. There are too few personnel inside, and most of them are concentrated at the entrances for vetting. In addition, I can't see our Statesec agents.

Kalina: Could the lack of manpower here be due to the original staff being assigned other duties? Maybe they'll come back later?

Kalina: And sealing off the exits can also be interpreted as them wanting to avoid outsiders getting in... Aren't you being too nervous, Commander?

Commander: I don't know.

Commander: But at the very least, I can't think of a logical motive behind these security arrangements.

Kalina: Then...should I report this to K?

Commander: ...There's no way he would have overlooked these details.

Commander: We can't tell what he's thinking, but we have to assume the worst to give ourselves some leeway.

Commander: X95, your original area of responsibility will now be handled by people from Lewis' team. Reposition downstairs and prepare yourself to curb any situations that break out inside.

X95: Yes, understood.

Lewis: Commander, the United Nations convoy has arrived. The VIP is entering the conference hall.

Commander: Can you verify her identity?

Lewis: I can confirm that she is indeed Gilda Ulrich, Chairwoman of the Pan-European Cooperation Initiative's Executive Committee... Let me take a look at her details.

Lewis: West German, born in 2029. In '52, she was apparently involved in the Weihnachtsmärkt Incident at the border that nearly developed into a violent conflict and kept a confrontation between the people and Soviet troops from turning bloody.

Lewis: As one of the few females on the executive committee, Gilda has gained the trust of her superiors and colleagues with her mature and calm methods as well as her efficiency.

Lewis: In '63, the former executive committee Chairman Weldon Kurz was forced to resign his post due to heart disease, and with the backing of the council, this young and capable member of the executive committee assumed the weighty responsibility of Chairwoman.

Lewis: As the lady official who single-handedly shoulders the burden of coordinating the economic institutions of Europe and elaborating on the Pan-European Reconstruction Plan, Gilda Ulrich is merely 34 years old.

Lewis: Uwah, she's a chairwoman at such a young age...

Lewis: It's exactly like the information Mr. K provided... Looks like she's a very dependable woman.

Lewis: Ah...the protestors outside the conference hall are starting to get agitated.

Lewis: From where I'm looking, it appears that they're planning to charge the MPs' defensive line...

Kalina: Has it...already begun...

Commander: The hidden threat might use this opportunity to take action. Everyone, stay alert.

Commander: All surveillance posts, report in.

Lewis: This is bad! We have a situation here!

Lewis: There's a human in a balaclava moving through the crowd from the outside, and he seems to be holding an explosive!

Lewis: Uh, permission to open fire? Oh no, he's almost at the defense line!

Lewis: He—

BOOM!

There is a tremendous explosion!

Commander: What happened?! What's going on outside!

Kalina: Commander— Ow (a burst of piercing static rings out from the earpiece)

Kalina: Our comm signals are being jammed!

Commander: They've begun their information lockdown. The following scenes are not fit for worldwide broadcast. Switch over to the backup circuit. It seems the Zener-only internal comms that K prepared for us are about to see use.

Kalina: Already on it, switching over to the pre-planned circuit... Alright, comms for all the teams are back to normal!

Kalina: The surveillance teams are reporting a terrorist attack outside! A suicide bomber blew himself up at the door to the conference hall!

Kalina: Number of MP casualties are unknown!

P22: Commander!

P22: A truck broadcasting hidden threat signals has appeared in the back streets and it's driving towards the conference hall at high speed.

P22: No, wait...there are high-speed vehicles coming from all directions! I've spotted nine of them; ETA is roughly three minutes!

Commander: As I thought, they weren't going to give up without a fight.

K: Commander.

Commander: I figured you'd contact me around now.

Commander: We've spotted the mobile targets moving in from the outside, shall we destroy them all?

K: You're responsible for the three roads behind the conference hall. The Statesec field agent team will handle the rest.

Commander: Can't let us take all the credit...is that it?

K: You'll get what you want. Now get to work.

RO635: Is it going to start at last?

RO635: The White Faction...

M4 SOPMOD II: No matter what they're plotting, all we have to do is wreck every single person who tries to come close!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hehe, we've done too many boring missions, now it's time for a real workout!

Kalina: Commander, the MPs have restored the defensive perimeter, and they're opening fire on the protestors!

Commander: So we're going to open a peace conference with a massacre... How ironic...

RO635: What should we do now, Commander?

Commander: Lock down the district roads that K indicated and exterminate any hidden threat units and vehicles.

Commander: All units be advised, the protestors are not our enemy, take care not to harm any civilians by accident.

...

RO635: Whew...trying to stop vehicle-borne enemies with small arms is just too difficult!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's not so bad, right? We did it, didn't we?

RO635: That's because you have a grenade launcher! If only the HOCs could have opened fire too...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahaha, I think it's more fun when I do it myself! Do you want me to fit you with my grenade launcher?

RO635: Er...I think not.

RO635: Fortunately we only need to handle three roads, the Statesec agents are finally making themselves useful...

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't think three roads are enough! I've been pent up for too long, I'd rather have a bigger BOOOOM!

RO635: (Groans)I can't be bothered to nag you anymore...

RO635: ...

RO635: Huh? The sounds of the disturbance are dying down... Is it over already?

Kalina: RO, have you eliminated the enemies outside?

RO635: Let me check with the other teams... Hm, the other teams are confirming that the hidden threat signals have completely vanished.

Kalina: Thank you all for your hard work~

Kalina: According to the surveillance teams, the MPs have regained control of the main entrance to the conference hall and the protestors have been almost completely dispersed. Things should be returning to normal soon.

RO635: Phew...hopefully things will end with that.

M4 SOPMOD II: Aw...was that the last enemy...?

M4 SOPMOD II: But why...I didn't even get to enjoy myself...

...In the distance.

???: Heeheehee... Didn't get to enjoy yourself, you say?

???: Don't be in such a rush, my pretty, you haven't even set foot into the banquet yet~

???: Although, speaking of which, didn't I say before that such crude methods were useless?

???: Honestly, they didn't listen at all. They're stupid, and stupid. People deserve to die in a stupid way.

???: Heeheehee, the idiots outside are already dead, but how about the ones inside?

???: I look forward to it~

...

Chairwoman Ulrich: "Our old wounds show our past mistakes. We should not be grateful for the hardships we have experienced, but neither can we deny them."

...The reporters' shutters do not stop for a moment, and countless television cameras stream the press conference live from the summit.

Kalina: Let's see what's on TV...

Kalina: "...The representative of the Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction, Chairwoman Gilda Ulrich and Ambassador Roshchin, Plenipotentiary of the Neo-Soviet Council of Mutual Assistance in Europe, have begun making their joint statement according to schedule. Chairwoman Ulrich once again stresses the importance of the United Nations in rebuilding Europe, and conveys the goodwill of the PECMAR to the Neo-Soviet Union's ambassador..."

Kalina: Speaking of which, that news program from earlier didn't mention Chairwoman Ulrich would be coming, did it?

Commander: It's quite normal to change candidates at the last minute to protect against sabotage or assassination.

Kalina: That's true...

Kalina: But I didn't expect the press to not mention the clash outside at all...

Kalina: It's as though nobody cared that such a big explosion happened, like the inside and outside were two different worlds...

Commander: Even if rivers of blood flowed, the people on top would only let the world see what they wanted to show them.

Commander: We should be thanking our lucky stars that this meeting is going to close out at this pace instead of worrying about unnecessary things.

Commander: ...

Commander: (The enemies outside have been dealt with...but is that really the end of the threats... What about the abnormalities inside the conference hall... Was I really overthinking things?)

Chairwoman Ulrich: "If there were no storms, we would not understand the value of calm days. Peace has never been something that could be easily obtained. If anyone overlooks that point, then peace will never come—"

Commander: ...Her speech is pretty much by the book...

X95: Commander.

Commander: Hm...?

X95: You need to hear this.

"Our comrades outside have been slaughtered, we can't continue the plan!"

"What the hell are you saying?! We can't let our comrades' sacrifice be in vain! We have to finish our mission, even if we're the only ones left!"

Commander: When was this recorded?

X95: 30 seconds ago. I set up a directional mic as you instructed, and I picked this up. It was very soft, and it came from the conference room, where you are. The lounge is sealed off and I can't enter, so I couldn't pinpoint the speakers' location.

Commander: Understood. Try to think of a way to get a more accurate fix. Also, have the infiltration team get ready for battle.

X95: Yes, Commander.

...

...Out of the corner of my eye, I suddenly notice that the Belgradian security troopers have silently and unobtrusively grown in number. The troopers outside the secure doors whisper to each other with their mouths covered, then they suddenly close the main door. Meanwhile, the security troopers beside the stage gather in an unnatural way.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Mr. Rossartre once warned us that every man's fate was not unconnected, that our common destiny was composed of countless individual destinies combined into one, but meaningless suspicion and resistance have turned us from unity to division and dissipation, and have also led to wars turning our homes into rubble.

Chairwoman Ulrich: In the past, people were sacrificed for their nations' survival. These pointless sacrifices must end now!

Chairwoman Ulrich: This sacrifice should be borne by more responsible people, and this meeting is to build a consensus among those great nations who are possessed of such responsibility. Only with true, sincere cooperation, by building trust, and by joining our hands once more can we avert the tragedy of further sacrifice! Thank you, everyone!

The audience erupts into thunderous applause. Chairwoman Ulrich bows humbly to them, then she nods to Ambassador Roshchin behind her before preparing to step off the stage.

Security Trooper: Madam Chairwoman, a moment please.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Is something the matter?

...Bang!

A gunshot echoes through the conference room.

The security trooper suddenly fired into the air, freezing everyone present in place.

Security Trooper: Yes, Madam Chairwoman, something very important is about to happen!

Security Trooper: Our wrath can no longer be contained, and today we will expose your lies to the public!

I look around. The main door to the conference hall is sealed tight and the ten-odd security troopers around us are pointing the jet-black muzzles of their guns at everyone present.

At me, at Kalina, at the other reporters, and...at the ambassador on the stage.
Part 7

    7chevron_right

...

X95: Commander, I can hear gunfire from inside the hall.

X95: We're in position outside the door and are ready to go at any time.

X95: Commander?

Commander: ......

If the infiltration team bursts in, even if they manage to take out several renegade soldiers, the remainder will open fire and probably kill the ambassador.

The odds of being able to completely neutralize the enemy without any casualties are practically non-existent...

Dammit, things are looking really bad! What the hell is K up to?

...

Inside the Belgrade Conference Hall meeting room.

Renegade Soldier: Madam Chairwoman, your speech was very moving, so much so it made me want to throw up!

Chairwoman Ulrich: ......

Renegade Soldier: What the hell was that about mutual aid and trust? You mentioned sacrifice just now, right? Just now, our brothers and sisters, our arms and legs were mercilessly slaughtered outside those doors! All they wanted was to air their grievances, but now they're all face down in pools of blood!

Chairwoman Ulrich: Who are you?!

Renegade Soldier: We are the executors who cleanse the filthy, the loyal and mighty servants of Paradeus, the executioners of you sinners whose mouths are stuffed full of lies! You claim to be for the people, yet you exclude them beyond your walls to fend for themselves! Since you say that the people must not be divided, then today we shall shatter the wall that represents this division!

Commander: I need to be patient... I need to find the chance to strike...

I quietly observe the surroundings. It would seem there are others doing the same thing.

The renegade soldier roughly shoves the Chairwoman to the front of the stage.

Renegade Soldier: You said it just now, didn't you? Sacrifices ought to be borne by those who are more responsible! Then why not be the first to die?!

Renegade Soldier: Your blood shall sanctify our revolution!

The renegade soldier points his rifle at the Chairwoman's head.

Chairwoman Ulrich: This is not my first time staring down the barrel of a gun. I've been prepared to die ever since I devoted myself to Rossartrism.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Even if you open fire now, what can you change? Conflict will only hurt more people. Then when will we be able to rebuild our homes?

Renegade Soldier: Those are your homes, not ours!

Chairwoman Ulrich: They're one and the same, why don't you understand that!

Renegade Soldier: You shut your whore mouth and go to hell!

Commander: This is bad—!

Commander: X95, commence—

K: Unable to take it already, Commander?

Commander: What?!

...

...Bang! Bang! Bang!

Renegade Soldier: ...

Renegade Soldier: You...

...A neat little circle appears between the renegade soldier's eyebrows, and fresh blood trickles out of it.

Behind him, Ambassador Roshchin is gripping a pistol tight in his hand.

The faces of the other renegade soldiers are covered in shock, and the reporters whom they are supposed to be watching suddenly whip out guns of their own.

Commander: ...I see.

Commander: Kalina, get down!

...A second later, gunfire fills the meeting room.

X95: Commander, Kalina, are you exchanging fire with the enemy?!

Kalina: It's not us! Not us!

...

Commander: ...Looks like it's over.

...The renegade soldiers in the meeting room were gunned down almost instantaneously by the armed reporters.

Many people begin to rise from the press seating to inspect the guards' bodies. All of them are holding weapons.

Undercover Agent A: The room is clear. Verify that all hostiles have been eliminated.

Undercover Agent B: Yes, sir. Team Three, with me.

Commander: Tsk... Goddammit...

Commander: Was this all part of your script, K?

K: I told you, you're just a backup force.

Commander: I'm guessing that none of the people sitting here are real reporters?

K: Real reporters wouldn't be able to handle a scene like this.

I look to the stage, where the Ambassador is consoling Chairwoman Ulrich.

Ambassador Roshchin: My sincere apologies, Madam Chairwoman. It seems we gave you quite a fright.

Chairwoman Ulrich: No, no...it's alright... As long as nobody was hurt...

Commander: Everything that happened just now was caught on camera. The headlines tomorrow will read "Terrorists attempt to disrupt peace talks, but both nations combine forces to crush the conspiracy and ensure the progress of peace."

Commander: It'll make for spectacular publicity, and with such stunning news in play, it won't even matter that the summit didn't start properly.

K: I suddenly feel that being a commander might not be your true calling. You would make quite a fine reporter for a small tabloid, too.

Commander: Humph... So that's why you brushed off my objections just now. You already knew that the real enemy was lurking within the venue itself, didn't you?

K: The Belgrade authorities have already uncovered the rebels and handed their names over to us. Their remaining confederates have also been liquidated by our agents. It's funny, really. They sealed off the corridors within the conference hall, but in the end it left them unable to escape. What idiots.

Commander: And we were nothing more than the supporting players for the supporting players.

Commander: Never mind, I won't go into it. Though those rebels mentioned a name just now, Paradeus... It kind of bothers me.

K: I've already looked into it. That name's come up before, in reports from the Yellow Zones. It's the name of an organization which has all the characteristics of a cult. So if I'm not wrong, Paradeus should be the true name of the White Faction.

Commander: Paradeus... Do these guys really think God will save them? Forget it, in any case, we can finally stop using a silly name like "White Faction".

K: What difference does it make to a bunch of corpses?

...

???: Oh yes, what's the point if they're all dead? I can't believe there are people who still don't understand something that even imbeciles know...

???: Heeheeheehee...looks like the people inside were every bit the hopeless nincompoops as the ones outside.

???: Ahhh, but of course I knew they were morons, given how they proudly declared themselves to be servants of Paradeus.

???: Father would never pick such fools to be his servants. I'm the only one Father needs.

???: Heeheeheehee...

???: Still, that's fine too. At least I won't need to waste time on finding the rats in hiding. Now then, the warmup's complete. Is everyone ready?

...

Commander: I believe our mission should be complete, then. When do we get to meet Ange?

K: I'm a man of my word. Call back your Dolls, I'll begin arrang—

Suddenly, a massive tremor rises underneath my feet.

Kalina: Is...is that an earthquake?

K: What...what did you say?!

K suddenly cuts the transmission.

...Click.

Lewis: Commander! There was a huge explosion in the distance, can you see it from your end?!

Lewis: Things look really bad!

Kalina: A huge explosion?

RO635: Commander, our forces are under enemy attack! It's the White Faction! They're in a completely different league from the previous enemies! SOP-II, get down!

Kalina: What's going on?!

RO635: It's an ambush! We've lost half our Dolls! We can't hold this point any longer, please give us permission to withdraw to the conference hall!

Commander: Granted! But you need to stay outside the hall, otherwise the MPs might open fire on you!

RO635: Understood, we'll maintain a safe distance!

Kalina: Didn't Mr. K say the mission was already over? How could this...

Commander: Clearly, "Paradeus" doesn't share that opinion.

Commander: As I thought... It was a Nyto I saw just now... I'm sure I wasn't mistaken.

Commander: Tsk, at the very least the conference hall is a sturdy location, and we have the Statesec agents and the MPs' firepower on our side...

Commander: Goddammit, K! Answer me! Don't start playing dead again at a time like this!

K: Special circumstances, Commander. The mission is still in progress. Ensure the VIP's safety.

Commander: My Dolls outside have taken a real beating, I need to pull them back here to mount a defense!

K: Tsk...you were ambushed too? I've lost contact with over two thirds of the field agent teams all of a sudden.

Commander: Maybe the real enemy found their locations while they were pinpointing the small fry from earlier. We've taken heavy losses ourselves. We need you to change our Dolls' IFF codes immediately!

K: I'll designate your Dolls as friendlies, but the VIP must be unharmed.

...The Statesec agents in the hall have apparently gotten the message too, because they promptly spring into action.

The agents begin fortifying the meeting lounge, their top priority being to ensure the safety of the ambassador and the Chairwoman.

KSVK: Commander, we have sightings of ELIDs on the streets.

KSVK: They're hot on the heels of the fleeing populace and do not seem to be moving toward any particular destination.

KSVK: Your directions, please.

Kalina: ELIDs? You mean the monsters we encountered before in the contaminated zone? What are they doing in the city?

KSVK: Given that the sound of the explosion came from the direction of the purification towers, it's very likely that the city walls have been breached. The assault team has retreated and our surveillance post is now isolated. Shall we continue monitoring the situation?

Commander: Abandon your post and fall back towards the conference hall, then link up with RO.

Commander: Since the Infected aren't rushing straight towards this place, it means we still have some time.

Commander: The conference hall was the strongpoint of the MP's defense to begin with. They've got more people here, so the enemy shouldn't be able to...

...Blam blam.

Commander: What?

...Blam blam.

Huge bullet holes suddenly appear in the reinforced concrete walls, piercing into the meeting room after penetrating several walls.

Commander: 30mm AP shells...!

Agent: Everyone get down!

Ambassador Roshchin: Ensure the Chairwoman's safety! Please follow me, Ma'am!

Chairwoman Ulrich: Alright — Whoaaaa!

An AP round hits Ambassador Roshchin square in the center of his torso and tears him in half.

His corpse falls on Chairwoman Ulrich and knocks her out.

...The Statesec agents inside the lounge are taken out by sniper fire from the outside. The defending agents fall to one precise shot after another.

Commander: Kalina, stay close to me!

Commander: K, the Statesec agents are all down!

K: I know.

...Blam!

Another agent is instantly killed by a large-caliber round that blasts clean through the piece of cover he was hiding behind.

Commander: They're using armor-piercing rounds on soft targets... This is horrific!

K: There are still traitors inside the conference hall.

K: It's not just the agents who exposed themselves earlier who were eliminated, but also the squads still on standby.

K: There must be a spotter inside directing the enemy's fire.

Commander: There's too many people in here now!

Commander: Give me that magical namelist of yours so I can tell who's a traitor!

K: ...I can't.

K: The conference hall isn't safe anymore. Find some way to interdict their line of fire and get the VIP out of this sector.

Commander: Did Statesec expect something like this too?

K: Tsk... Things shouldn't have gone this way.

...The transmission ends.

Commander: X95! Have your team clear a path to the basement. Lewis! Get down from your observation point. We'll deploy smoke grenades so you can come to the conference room and get the VIP to the basement! After linking up, you'll combine your teams and serve as the VIP protection squad. Got that?!

X95: Understood!

KSVK: Received.

Commander: All forces take note, the VIP Team is preparing to leave the conference hall.

Commander: RO, SOP-II, are you alright?

RO635: We're treating the injuries of the Dolls who were attacked!

RO635: The enemy snipers are prioritizing human targets, the MPs and police outside are being routed!

RO635: What should we do next?

Commander: We're preparing to head to the basement, and we need to ensure a clear axis of retreat before making our next move. We'll get the VIP out the back door, but I need you to go there and clear the path outside. Once the VIP gets out, you'll take over protection duties.

RO635: ...Understood!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, the streets are starting to fill with fleeing people.

M4 SOPMOD II: Those things coming at us... Are they really ELIDs?

Commander: I don't know, but prepare yourself.

Commander: Kill everything in your way, whether they're Infected or Paradeus.

K: Still alive, Commander?

Commander: Just barely.

K: I've lost contact with most of the agent teams lying in wait outside. The remaining teams are searching for the enemy artillery positions. The interior of the conference hall is in shambles too. Nobody's responding from the command center and Ambassador Roshchin has been confirmed KIA.

Commander: What a freaking mess...

Commander: Please tell me you still have a backup plan.

K: There's a cathedral several streets down, a reserve evac point. It's quite sturdy, which should help you in defending it.

Commander: Alright, I'll think of a way to get the VIP there.

Commander: Any clue as to the enemy's movements?

K: Paradeus has infiltrated the Belgrade authorities

K: My guess is that while we were clearing the ambush outside, the renegades within the Belgrade authorities grasped the details of the Statesec agent deployment and some mole leaked the details of our plan. The antics before were just a feint to get us to lower our guard.

Commander: I can't believe you can say all that so calmly.

K: I'm forcing it out through gritted teeth here.

K: Everything that happened previously went in our favor, but it was only to make us think that the situation was still under control.

K: They let the first wave be wiped out easily so we would think the second wave was their main force.

K: But the fact is that everyone before this was nothing but cannon fodder, and the enemies with real strength are actually in this third wave of attack, and they were planning to unleash the most extreme devastation from the beginning...

Commander: What on earth is their objective?

Commander: If they've gone this far, it can't just be to disrupt the talks, right?!

K: They do have an objective, but I didn't expect them to be willing to sacrifice an entire city for it...

Commander: And you can't talk about this objective, right? I'm guessing their aim has something to do with what Ange is doing.

K: I won't deny that, given the circumstances. She's probably in danger too; I've lost contact with her as well.

K: We need to establish a safe zone so she'll at least have somewhere to fall back to if she moves deeper into the city.

Commander: I'll do my best. We'll need the HOCs going forward, so I need permission to deploy them.

K: Permission granted. I'll be counting on you, Commander.

...

After nightfall in the city, in a certain darkened alleyway

AR-15 sits quietly in a blind spot of the surveillance cameras. The light from the city outside filters into the alley and reaches her eyes.

Even when she hears footsteps, she does not look back. Instead—

AN-94: If you point your gun at me, I might return fire by reflex.

ST AR-15: In that case, don't just pop up from behind me.

AR-15 puts her gun away, but just as she is about to stand up, AN-94 falls to one knee before her.

This is not a gesture of loyalty, simply a way of facilitating what will happen next. AR-15 knows that very well, so she directs her eyes to the heavy backpack she has just taken off.

AN-94: I've brought your gear and batteries. There may be a very long fight ahead of us and Ange doesn't want us to waste precious time on running back and forth to resupply.

ST AR-15: How did you get here?

AN-94: Through the sewers. AK-12 found a map of the city's sewers during the last operation, so she handed it to me. There are some places that are quite handy to set up camp in secret.

AN-94: However, the map's not too complete, and there are some suspicious sources of jamming which you should avoid. After filtering them out, we only have a couple of routes that we can take.

ST AR-15: It'd be weird if there weren't any sources of jamming with that white bunch around.

ST AR-15: Let's see what you brought...

ST AR-15: Ammo...and lots of it, enough for two people. A signal filtering kit, a biothermal analyzer...and what's this crowbar doing here?

AN-94: AK-12 told me to bring it, she said it might come in useful. Also, this is your radio, it's been encrypted.

ST AR-15: Thank you...and what is this?

AR-15 holds up a book that was lying at the bottom of the tactical bag.

AN-94: It's the Holy Bible.

ST AR-15: And did AK-12 ask you to bring that as well?

AN-94: Da. She said it could be useful before your operation.

ST AR-15: As if that could be...

ST AR-15: ...I see, there was a slottable chip with preloaded apps on it.

AN-94: Since you're unable to connect to the Zener Network, the chip should be able to help you update your essential functions.

ST AR-15: ...Thank you for your thoughtfulness.

AN-94: AK-12 prepared it. If you want to thank anyone, then thank her.

ST AR-15: You keep going on about AK-12, how deeply in love with her are you anyway?

AN-94: It's not love...

AN-94: Ever since I was rolled out, I was designed to accompany and protect her. It is my purpose in life, the guidepost for the actions I take, my fate and my destiny. I believe that should be an accurate description.

ST AR-15: You're almost making me sick.

AN-94: From your combat records, you weren't much different from me in terms of what you did for M4.

ST AR-15: That was because of that damn core order...

ST AR-15: But M4 means nothing to me now.

ST AR-15: You, on the other hand, sound like how the believers describe their God in that Bible.

ST AR-15: It's pathological.

AN-94: Have you read the Bible before?

ST AR-15: My database contains some elementary knowledge on it, along with information about human religions and lifestyle.

ST AR-15: ...Humans worship their God, and in return they hope God will save them.

AN-94: Then...do you believe in God?

ST AR-15: Why would a Doll need to believe in God? Don't tell me your neural cloud's so fragile that you need God to comfort you and fill the hole in your life?

AN-94: I was simply mentioning a possibility, but each and every time you refuse to give me a proper answer.

ST AR-15: Humph...

ST AR-15: If I really believed in a god, then my god would be Persica.

ST AR-15: Do you honestly think I would feel anything like reverence for a "god" who gave me such a miserable fate?

AN-94: To Dolls, everything has already been planned out. Our gods are our creators and our creators' orders are absolute, just like how humans can't question their gods.

ST AR-15: What a boring answer.

AN-94: However, unlike how humans are shackled by destiny, we are unbound, except by the orders of our gods.

AN-94: That is why we are called "DEFY".

AN-94: We cannot escape the choices of our gods, but I can make choices of my own outside that.

AN-94: And my choice is that no matter what AK-12 expects of me, I will do as she wishes.

ST AR-15: ...Even if it means you will struggle without hope for the sweet release of death?

AN-94: Unlike you, we don't have the concept of death.

AN-94: The purpose for our existence is to complete our tasks and support a certain someone.

ST AR-15: ...I've had it.

ST AR-15: Pretend I never brought this up.

AN-94: Have I upset you?

ST AR-15: No.

AN-94: ...

AN-94: It seems I've upset you.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: I don't really understand why Ange arranged for us to be in the same team.

ST AR-15: Looks like we won't be great conversational partners. In that case, let's focus our attention on how to carry out our upcoming mission.

AN-94: Yes, the mission is the highest priority.

AN-94: Your energy accumulators should be fully charged now, so we can begin the operation after your body calibrator gives you the green light.

ST AR-15: Roger.

ST AR-15: I'll handle the outskirts, you take care of the city districts. We'll split up and move separately.

ST AR-15: "If you spot those white bastards, don't carelessly exchange fire."

AN-94: "Verify their location; the top priority is to see if they're linked to the 'Node'."

ST AR-15: Orders verified. 5 seconds remaining. 3, 2, 1, — move out!

...

AN-94 slowly forges ahead through the city streets, in the bustling heart of the commercial district.

Hailing AR-15, please respond.

ST AR-15: Received. I'm entering a region with high signal density as planned. How are things on your end?

AN-94: Carrying out passive scanning as planned.

AN-94: Other than your region, there are 43 new locations with suspicious signals, and 18 of them are confirmed to be using White Faction wavelengths. I can't accurately pinpoint the others. Do I need to increase scanner power?

ST AR-15: No need. Ange said that someone else will handle the small fries. We mustn't run the risk of exposure.

ST AR-15: Focus on finding the clues to the "Node". We need to filter through to the high-value targets ASAP.

AN-94: Understood. I'm currently eavesdropping on all the verified units. No extra news for the time being.

AN-94: Although...the strange thing is that I've discovered signal wavelengths similar to S.F.'s.

ST AR-15: S.F.?

ST AR-15: What's S.F. doing here?!

AN-94: Similar to S.F. It only appeared for a moment and I thought I had been mistaken...but they were very similar, to the point where one could conclude that there were S.F. Dolls in the city.

ST AR-15: ...Why would S.F. come to Belgrade...

ST AR-15: In that case, will she come here too...

AN-94: AR-15...our main objective is not those S.F. Dolls.

AN-94: We should make completing our mission our top priority.

ST AR-15: But...

ST AR-15: ...You're right, we don't have much time.

ST AR-15: Make a note of the signal source, we can talk about the rest after the mission is complete.

AN-94: Alright, I've marked the location.

ST AR-15: Let's not worry about that for now.

ST AR-15: Now then...

ST AR-15: ...I've reached the target sector.

ST AR-15: This is...a military camp?

...

The soldier on sentry duty looks around, and just as he turns back, a shadow silently leaps over the wall surrounding the camp.

ST AR-15: AN-94, can you hear me?

AN-94: Received. How are things?

ST AR-15: I'm already inside the military base. As I expected, the signal markers here are very obvious... A very amateurish way of hiding a signal. I was even a little worried that this was a trap.

AN-94: So are you going to leave?

ST AR-15: It's not the first time I've known it was a trap and walked into it anyway. More importantly, I can't just come away from this empty-handed.

ST AR-15: Help me set up a secure channel, I need to contact Ange.

AN-94: Must you use the radio? No matter how much you encrypt them, old signal patterns like that are easily intercepted. It's not like we can't unlock your Zener Protocol...

ST AR-15: I don't want to hear that voice again. Could you cut the chit-chat?

AN-94: As you wish.

AN-94: Secure channel established. I'll maintain it for 60 seconds.

AN-94: Hailing Ange, please come in.

Angelia: Received. How's progress?

ST AR-15: This is AR-15.

ST AR-15: I'm investigating the first cluster of white signals. This is a garrison camp, but not a large one.

ST AR-15: It's very likely that the military district is linked to the "Node", so I'll be sneaking in to scout the place.

ST AR-15: I can verify the position of the signal here for the most part. Will any demolition be required?

Angelia: Don't be hasty.

Angelia: Others will handle the task of eliminating the infiltrators. All you need to do is send all the positional data you've collected to me.

Angelia: Conduct a full reconnaissance on the entire camp. My instincts tell me there's a big fish there.

ST AR-15: I don't get it.

ST AR-15: How important is the "Node"?

ST AR-15: Is it really alright to leave the enemies hiding here alone, even if they might end up hurting or killing the humans in this city?

Angelia: The mission I gave you was to find clues related to the "Node", not protect civilians.

Angelia: You're not a PMC employee anymore, AR-15.

ST AR-15: ...Understood.

ST AR-15: AN-94's also found some white signal clusters apart from this camp. There are even S.F. signals in the city.

Angelia: Is that so...

Angelia: 94, what's the exact number of signals you've screened?

AN-94: 52, and nine more signal sources appeared in the past 30 minutes.

Angelia: It makes no sense that so much trash could burrow in here and not be detected.

Angelia: Even if their "Baptized" are here, hiding so many entities at once is very difficult.

ST AR-15: According to my investigations, they're not bothering to hide themselves at all.

Angelia: That would mean...there's a problem with the immune system.

Angelia: So having white signals in a garrison is a perfectly reasonable answer.

ST AR-15: However powerful the White Faction might be, I doubt it extends to making the local army do their bidding...

ST AR-15: From what I know, this country has maintained absolute neutrality.

Angelia: I don't think it's possible that the army would obey the White Faction's commands either.

Angelia: Maintaining one's neutrality in a dangerous situation requires stringently-selected troops and great political skill.

Angelia: But leaves only fall after the roots have rotted.

ST AR-15: So they've been compromised from the inside, then...

ST AR-15: I understand.

AN-94: The secure channel is going to expire soon.

Angelia: Continue monitoring the situation until new information comes up. I look forward to hearing good news from you.

ST AR-15: Ange cut off the transmission.

ST AR-15: (Sighs) What a troublesome mission. AN-94, I'll remain hidden in this camp to observe the situation. I need you to keep an eye on the camp's other exit.

AN-94: Meow...

ST AR-15: Meow?

AN-94: Oh, it's nothing. I see the coordinates you sent. I'll be there in half an hour. AN-94 out.

AN-94 shuts off her comms.

A soft sensation rises up from her leg and one of the stray cats wandering through the park attempts to jump onto AN-94's thigh.

AN-94 bends down to lift the cat up onto her lap and gently caresses its soft fur.

???: An adorable creature, is it not?

AN-94: ??

???: Who would realize that cats are actually terrifying predators when they're being all cute and cuddly?

AN-94: You are?

???: Sorry, my apologies. I'm a local resident and I often come by to feed the cats, so please don't mind me.

The girl scatters some cat food on the ground, and the cat that was seated on AN-94's lap immediately jumps down.

???: Then, it's about time to take my leave as well.

AN-94 stands and prepares to leave.

As she passes the girl, the girl muses aloud...

???: Are you also like that? A cute and cuddly predator?

AN-94: !!

AN-94 looks back in shock, but the girl is already gone.

And there is no trace of the cat food or the kitty on the ground.
Part 2

2

Three hours flew by, and the sun has sank completely beneath the horizon.

Outside the military camp, below a certain unassuming manhole cover.

AN-94: AR-15, I'm at the designated location.

ST AR-15: Why did you take so long...

AN-94: I might have... Nyet, it's nothing. I took a detour because I didn't want to be followed.

ST AR-15: Hm?

ST AR-15: Well, whatever. All that matters is that you came.

ST AR-15: ...I've been keeping watch for three hours now, and neither the signal source inside the base nor the military forces here have made any abnormal moves.

AN-94: This might just be a backup unit. If only we could hack the systems here and conduct electronic surveillance...

AN-94: I'm sorry, if AK-12 was here instead, she'd probably be able to do a better job.

ST AR-15: Don't say that sort of thing.

ST AR-15: ...I'll sneak in again once it's dark. Help me keep an eye on the movement of personnel in and out of the base.

AN-94: Understood.

AN-94: Wait...!

ST AR-15: Hm? What's wrong?

AN-94: Something doesn't feel right...

ST AR-15: Something doesn't feel right? Let me do a scan... A vehicle has started up, it's a jeep. But it's not emitting any signals with White Faction characteristics.

AN-94: Nyet... that can't be it. There's something wrong with that vehicle, we have to catch up to it right now!

ST AR-15: W-Wait... Aren't you going to discuss this with Ange first?!

ST AR-15: 94! AN-94! I can't believe she just ran out on her own like that!

AR-15 has no choice but to abandon her hiding place to chase after AN-94.

ST AR-15: Dammit!

ST AR-15: Ange, do you read me?

Angelia: I read you. What's the matter, why are you broadcasting in clear?

ST AR-15: AN-94 ran off by herself to chase a military vehicle, I can't establish a secure channel by myself!

ST AR-15: Something's wrong with her, I'm doing my best to catch up with her in case something happens!

Angelia: So we've sighted the big one at last.

ST AR-15: The big one?

Angelia: 94's instincts have always been very accurate. There must be some important clue on that vehicle.

Angelia: If she's chasing it in such a hurry, then it's very likely that the vehicle's headed straight to the base where the "Node" is being kept.

ST AR-15: That doesn't mean she had to run off on her own... I'll catch up and follow the vehicle with her.

ST AR-15: If we do find the "Node", should we destroy it immediately?

ST AR-15: What on earth could it be...?

Angelia: You don't need to know. The moment you find something like it, wait for my order and destroy it on the spot.

ST AR-15: ...Understood.

ST AR-15: This channel isn't secure. I'll find some way to contact you after I catch up with AN-94.

Angelia: Acknowledged.

Angelia: I'll be waiting for the two of you to contact me again, AR-15.
Part 3

3

The jeep comes to a halt outside a set of ruins.

AN-94: The target has ceased their advance.

AN-94: Someone's getting down from the vehicle... they have black hair... and black clothes.

AN-94: ...That's her... That's the girl who was feeding the cat.

AN-94: Is she a Nyto... is she one of the White Faction's Baptized...

AN-94: But why doesn't she transmit any of the characteristic signals? It's as though... she's a normal human being...

The girl looks in AN-94's direction, and AN-94 scrambles frantically behind a rock.

AN-94: Did she see me? But that's impossible... I'm a full three kilometers away from her...

There is a noise behind AN-94, and she hurriedly turns and raises her gun.

AN-94: I remember you warned me not to approach from behind your back.

ST AR-15: ...And who was the one who suddenly ran out on her own?

ST AR-15: How are things?

AN-94: The target's in front of the ruins three kilometers ahead.

ST AR-15: Three kilometers... Let me see... There are no suspicious signals coming from over there, no?

AN-94: But I know there's a Nyto over there.

AN-94: Before I regrouped with you at the military camp, she launched an electronic attack on my Level II.

AN-94: So I remember how she feels.

ST AR-15: You were hacked?!

ST AR-15: Why didn't you say anything just now?

AN-94: I didn't know if I should bring it up or not...

AN-94: I spent a long time checking myself over and over again, but she didn't leave any backdoors in my neural cloud.

AN-94: It was a provocation... She felt she didn't need to resort to that sort of thing with me...

ST AR-15: But your neural cloud defenses are military-grade, right...?

ST AR-15: How on earth did she do it...?

AN-94: That's not important. What matters is that afterwards, I'll make her regret not doing so while she had the chance.

ST AR-15: It's rare to see you angry.

AN-94: ...

ST AR-15: Want to move closer?

AN-94: I'm not sure about the range of her hacking attacks, so it's best not to approach rashly.

ST AR-15: Makes sense, we need to be cautious.

ST AR-15: Can you hear their conversation?

AN-94: I'm bringing a directional microphone over.

AN-94: ...I'll share what I find with you.

ST AR-15: While you can't really tell from her expression... AN-94 is most definitely furious. She may actually be quite different from what I imagined.

Officer: We're here, this is the place.

???: Ah, is this the humans' safe house?

???: It feels like it has several hundred years of history behind it.

Officer: Yes, this place predates the foundation of our government by a long shot.

Officer: There's no safer place than this when it comes to defenses, and no other place has more ritual significance than here.

???: No wonder fairy tales always happen in places like this.

???: "I offer you that kernel of myself that I have saved, somehow - the central heart that deals not in words, traffics not with dreams, and is untouched by time, by joy, by adversities."

Officer: I didn't know you were one for poetry.

???: Don't you think it's appropriate?

Officer: Unfortunately, my job isn't poetic in the slightest. This way please, Miss Mercurows.

The jeep door closes, and the girl enters the fortress interior at the officer's urging.

ST AR-15: Mercurows... what kind of weird name is that?

ST AR-15: Do Nytos not call themselves Nyto now?

AN-94: She's not quite like the Nytos I've seen before...

AN-94: It might be best not to rely too much on past experiences with other Nytos when dealing with her.

ST AR-15: Tsk...

ST AR-15: The walls are too thick, I can't hear their voices.

AN-94: It's a stone wall. Cuts down heavily on audio penetration.

AN-94: This place was once called Belgrade Fortress. It was preserved in 1979 as a Cultural Monument of Exceptional Importance by the nation.

AN-94: In the 3rd century BC it served the Celts as a defensive fortification, and its main structure was erected in the 17th century. It is a symbol of glory and stability to the people of this nation.

ST AR-15: I didn't know you were so well-versed in history.

AN-94: AK-12 is a very curious one, so I prepared ample material to answer all kinds of questions.

AN-94: While I'm partnered with you this time, having more backup plans means having more solutions to choose from.

AN-94: In addition to the above, I downloaded the anthropological information for the region.

ST AR-15: Aren't we well-prepared.

ST AR-15: There's no point lingering here. Since they've already entered the fortress, let's get a little closer and take a look.

Several minutes later, AR-15 and AN-94 quietly sneak into the fortress.

ST AR-15: This Nyto... no, Mercurows seems a little different from the ones we encountered before...

ST AR-15: I can't believe she went out of her way to make contact with you. Isn't that being too showy?

AN-94: I don't have too much experience with personalities.

AN-94: From my observations of her up to this point, she's definitely more frank and open than AK-12, but at the same time, she's also harder to predict.

ST AR-15: Don't keep using AK-12 as a yardstick for everything.

ST AR-15: Don't you have any other standards you can use for making decisions?

AN-94: There's Ange. But Ange's human, so you can't really use her as a basis for comparison...

ST AR-15: Ugh... that's enough... we'll end that topic here.

ST AR-15: I didn't think there'd be so many passages under this old fortress... Which path leads where, anyway...

AN-94: The hidden underground tunnels were dug to facilitate the secret deployment of troops by royalty or to assist in their own escape. The paths here are very complex; take care that you don't get lost.

ST AR-15: Hidden tunnels, huh... Sounds like it would be very suitable for something leading to an object that needs to be hidden. That works for me.

ST AR-15: Ange was right about you; your instincts are indeed very keen.

ST AR-15: Can you determine Mercurows' position?

AN-94: She's not emitting any signals. I'll try to pinpoint her location through sound.

ST AR-15: She has her mooks who shouldn't be broadcasting signals march proudly through the city, but a Baptized who ought to be emitting signals doesn't even return an echo...

ST AR-15: How is she going to lead her people if she doesn't link up with them?

AN-94: I don't quite get it myself... Shh, they've started talking again.

AN-94 continues listening to the conversation taking place far within the depths of the tunnels.

Mercurows: How surprising.

Mercurows: I thought we'd need to discuss things for longer before reaching an accord. I didn't expect us to understand each other so quickly.

Officer: My followers and I are of one mind, and we're prepared to cooperate with the outside world.

Mercurows: Because the present situation isn't looking too good for you?

Mercurows: Like someone who stares overlong at the crescent moon and mislikes the light from other sources?

Officer: Like I told you before, we're not a poetic bunch. But I understand your meaning.

Officer: You're right. We don't want wicked thinking to enter our cities and pollute our people.

Mercurows: New light brings new ways of looking at things. What's so bad about that?

Mercurows: We bring a new light of our own, don't we, Mr. Officer?

Officer: It's not the same.

Officer: That so-called Rossartrism is a complete and utter farce.

Officer: While our fellow men were sleeping in the open wilds, eating nothing but the wind, those people could only think of how to build higher walls!

Officer: We will never forget, we will never forgive, and we will most definitely never compromise.

Officer: Those days of being deceived by a false peace are over. Even if the ones being deceived are our brothers, we hold the obligation to wake them up with our own hands, no matter whether we have to pay a price in blood!

Mercurows: Hm, their blood.

Mercurows: Well said. I applaud your determination.

Mercurows: Let us wake them all up then, with the blistering fires of war!

After filtering out the sound of footsteps, AR-15 carefully analyzes the audio signal she is receiving.

...Shortly afterwards.

Mercurows: I'm not imagining things, am I? It seems the surface on which we've been walking has been sloping downwards since not too long ago, Mr. Officer.

Mercurows: Our objective...the "Pike Node" should be located within the permanently-sealed nuclear bunker below, is it not?

Officer: In keeping with the anti-Relic treaties of the time, all such facilities were sealed away forever.

Mercurows: Hmm, I see.

Mercurows: A once-buried secret sits alone beneath the earth, awaiting a hero to venture forth and excavate it. It does seem a little romantic when you think of it that way.

Officer: There's no safer defensive measure than keeping it underground.

Officer: With just a little work, the land itself can become the sturdiest bulwark of mankind.

Mercurows: Well said. It is both protector and home to everything.

Mercurows: That really is quite poetic when you think about it... You said your job didn't lend itself to poetry, but now it seems that isn't the case at all.

Officer: Ahem, pardon me then. I ended up being influenced by you without realizing it.

Officer: Come, walk this way, please.

Officer: Below this is our...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: It cut off.

AN-94: Why? They shouldn't have reached the maximum distance yet.

AN-94: ...I can't hear anything either.

AN-94: Did they enter a jamming zone?

AN-94: Or perhaps they've already discovered us...

AN-94: But if they've found out we were eavesdropping on them, then we ought to be surrounded by now.

ST AR-15: I haven't detected signals from any units, and I haven't heard anything out of place.

ST AR-15: ...Since it's not an encirclement, let's head a little further inside.

Now that their eavesdropping has been suddenly cut off, AR-15 and AN-94 have no choice but to continue forward.

ST AR-15: Just a little further ahead... a little more and I'll be able to see it clearly...

...

ST AR-15: So there was a barrier door up ahead. They went through it.

AN-94: This fortress has been through hundreds of battles and the fact that it's still standing is all thanks to its refurbishments over the generations. It makes perfect sense that they'd have installed state-of-the-art soundproofed doors like this. Given the markings, it seems it's a new model of safety door, manufactured less than 2 years ago.

AN-94: We must have filtered out the sound it made while opening as background noise.

ST AR-15: I think so too.

ST AR-15: There don't seem to be any other sentries, so let's catch up with them.

AN-94: Da.

They quietly open the barrier door, but soon they are faced with a fork in the road. They exchange a look.

ST AR-15: ...

AN-94: ...

AN-94: Let's not split up.

ST AR-15: The light here is pretty dim, and I don't see any cameras... Looks like they kept this place the way it was since the old days.

ST AR-15: Can you analyze the surroundings and tell which way they went?

AN-94: This place is too tightly sealed... The sensors and directional mics aren't picking up anything...

AN-94: ...

ST AR-15: Is that so...? Then you pick a path.

AN-94: In that case, let's go left.

ST AR-15: I hope your instincts are on the mark.

ST AR-15: We'll maintain bounding overwatch and advance cautiously.

AN-94: Understood.

10 minutes later, the two Dolls once again stand in a place that seems identical to where they were just now.

ST AR-15: Did we double back?

ST AR-15: This place is just like a maze!

AN-94: The passages here are built at special angles to confuse one's sense of direction. The people of the past probably designed it this way to prevent the enemy from launching a surprise attack through the hidden tunnels.

ST AR-15: Tsk... Couldn't they have applied their efforts somewhere else...?

ST AR-15: Let's try the path on the right. I've already recorded our route just now into my neural cloud. We won't retrace our footsteps.

ST AR-15: We have to find that Mercurows and...

AN-94: AR-15, I think we've gone too deep. Even if we find and destroy our objective, just securing a route of retreat will be extremely difficult for us, especially since there'll definitely be pursuers by then. I think our best course of action is to reach a place where we can send and receive transmissions, contact Ange, and receive orders as to our next step.

ST AR-15: Since we know the "Node" is below us, how can we go back empty-handed?

ST AR-15: Leaving aside what that Mercurows came here for, we might not get the chance to enter the inside of the fortress again, even if we do nothing.

ST AR-15: ...Or do you have another way?

AN-94: I don't intend to argue with you, AR-15.

AN-94: But...

...A dull sound interrupts their dispute. Surprised, both Dolls unconsciously look behind themselves.

ST AR-15: ...Was that...

ST AR-15: The barrier door?

AN-94: The barrier door... is locked.

ST AR-15: Then do you have a way to open the door?

AN-94: AK-12 might.

ST AR-15: In other words, you can't do it.

AN-94: Can you?

ST AR-15: I can't either...

AR-15 rounds her shoulders and sighs deeply. AN-94 watches her in silence.

AN-94: So what should we do after this, AR-15?

AN-94: You should have enough explosives on you to blast the door open.

ST AR-15: ...I was saving that to blow up the "Node". Forget it... let's keep heading down...

ST AR-15: That's... the only path for us now.
Part 4

4

Within the underground passage, the only sounds that could be heard was that of light footsteps and fabric rubbing against itself.

AN-94: Can you keep up, AR-15?

AN-94: I can sense your pace slowing down. Is something the matter?

ST AR-15: No, it's just that this place is getting darker and darker... I'm adjusting my night vision optics' parameters...

AN-94: Understood. I'll slow down and wait for you.

AN-94: Still, AR-15... have you noticed?

AN-94: The passage here is different from the outside.

ST AR-15: Is it a matter of the construction materials?

ST AR-15: It just feels a little different to the touch.

AN-94: This sector ought to be nothing but ancient architecture. It shouldn't be renovated, unlike the outside.

AN-94: It's very likely that this deeper portion might have been preserved as a relic, and I found a lot of hidden doors that are only big enough to admit one person...

AN-94: I've already recorded the positions of those hidden doors we passed. We might be able to use them in our retreat.

ST AR-15: I've been making a note of them myself. According to the parts of the map that we've already explored, it's very likely that these hidden doors are all interlinked, forming a network of secret passages.

ST AR-15: When you think about it, this place isn't just a maze, it's practically an anthill... Are you sure those passages won't collapse on us?

AN-94: They won't. They may be old, but their construction is solid. They were built using techniques we hardly see nowadays.

AN-94: I can't see any reason why they would collapse, barring an earthquake or a large explosion from below.

ST AR-15: ...Alright then, let's hope so.

ST AR-15: Hopefully things won't get so bad that we'll have to duck into these filthy hidden passages.
Part 5

    5chevron_right

In the end, after walking down countless forks in the road, the two Dolls finally see a bright light that's different from the illumination in the tunnels.

AN-94: I'm picking up sound... It's the two from just now.

AN-94: AR-15, we've caught up with them!

ST AR-15: Roger, then let's get closer... Be careful, there's a light up ahead shining toward us.

After passing through a narrow stone door, the area before them becomes much more spacious. The two of them immediately dart into the shadows and carefully observe their surroundings.

Compared to the ancient tunnels from before, this location is clearly a modern military facility.

ST AR-15: ...Is this a supply depot? I have to hand it to the people here, building a base under a heritage site.

AN-94: Old ruins usually end up spared no matter how brutal the fighting gets, so a base like this would be perfect for storing something away so others don't see it.

ST AR-15: A permanent nuclear bunker, huh... The "Node" sure is getting the luxury treatment.

AN-94: Shh... they're talking again.

Mercurows: Are we here at last? We've been doing a lot of walking.

Mercurows: Still, you were taking the long way just now, weren't you?

Mercurows: You clearly had several chances to come here directly.

Officer: We chose unmarked paths for secrecy's sake.

Officer: These paths have existed for much longer and they haven't been recorded on maps.

Mercurows: So that's how it is. You sure have put a lot of thought into this, Mr. Officer.

Mercurows: Thank you for your hard work!

Officer: You give us too much credit. Now then, we've brought you to the place where the Pike Node is stored.

Officer: As mentioned before, you can only remain for 10 minutes or so. Then we'll need to leave this place so that the next shift doesn't notice we've been here.

Mercurows: Okayyy!

Mercurows: Then, are you going to open the door now?

Mercurows: If the Pike Node bunker is behind the door, I'd like to see it soon.

Officer: It is as you say, the Pike Node is right behind this door.

Officer: But we don't have the codes for it. The protocol level is extremely high, and this base originally belonged to the former Soviet Army. I believe not even the Belgrade authorities are authorized to open this door.

Mercurows: So you brought me all the way here but you still can't let me see inside?

Officer: I'm sorry, but we can't.

Officer: We were simply showing our sincerity regarding our intentions to cooperate, just like you did.

Mercurows: Oh, that's fine, I can understand why you did it.

Mercurows: "I offer you explanations of yourself, theories about yourself, authentic and surprising news of yourself."

Mercurows: In terms of sincerity, what you've shown is certainly enough!

Officer: While I don't quite get what your verse is trying to convey, it's good that you can understand us.

Officer: Now then, what about the things you promised us? Can we take them?

Mercurows: Of course. Certainly. We will give you everything that we promised.

Mercurows: You've finished your mission, and I, "I can give you my loneliness, my darkness, the hunger of my heart..."

Mercurows: Can I hold you with that?

Officer: ...What are you saying?

Mercurows: A display of confusion, of danger, of failure. A display of weakness such as this, a display of death.

Mercurows: Both the one who shows it and the one who beholds it derive joy from these actions.

Officer: You...

Mercurows: Thank you for your hard work. Now, why don't you show me that look on your face.

A pair of black tentacles snake out past Mercurow's hands and lift the officer high above her head.

Mercurows: Ah, are you already unable to speak?

Mercurows: That's fine, you probably can't feel pain right now either!

Mercurows: Stay here forever, for your work is done.

Mercurows takes a step back and lifts the hem of her skirt in a curtsy to the already-dead officer.

Mercurows: Thank you. If not for your efforts in leading me here, who knows how much work I would have to do to find this place?

Mercurows: Now become a signpost here, an eternal memorial to your final journey.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: The officer's vital signs vanished... She killed that human...

AN-94: ...

AN-94 says nothing, but her grip tightens around her gun.

Mercurows: Hahaha, hahahaha!

Mercurows: This performance was a marvellous one too!

Mercurows: As the first time taking a bow since gaining a name of my own, I give this scene a nine out of ten!

Mercurows: You Dolls hiding over there, what do you think?

Mercurows: Come, step forward and dance with me!

ST AR-15: ...

Mercurows: There's no need to keep hiding, AR-15 and AN-94 of DEFY!

Mercurows: I only just realized, but the truth is you've been following me all this while, haven't you?

Mercurows: Like a dreamcatcher chasing the moon, futilely and fruitlessly gathering its light!

AN-94: What on earth is she saying...

Mercurows: The earth is a fortress, a keeper of secrets, the final resting place for everything.

Mercurows: Worthless things can only rot beneath its surface.

Mercurows: Just as a sleeping princess awaits her prince's kiss,

Mercurows: "If I am not the one who is awaited, then could it be you?"

ST AR-15: Don't move carelessly, she's faking—

Mercurows' tentacles lash out at AR-15's location with lightning speed, but AR-15 evades them a split second before they strike her directly, though the tentacles leave a faint scratch on her face.

AN-94: AR-15!

ST AR-15: I'm fine!

ST AR-15: What the hell...? The instant she touched me... it was as though something was LICKING my neural cloud...

AN-94: That's... exactly how I felt before... Was it a forced intrusion?!

Mercurows: Ah... so that's how it is...

Mercurows: So you're not the true prince after all.

Mercurows: I thought you sealed the interfaces to your neural cloud in order to keep something precious secret.

Mercurows: You really are clueless about everything, carrying out a pointless mission while being deceived.

Mercurows: It really is sad, both for you and that cat-loving Doll.

AN-94: AR-15, I'm picking up a large mass of white signals approaching us!

Mercurows: Boring... how boring...

Mercurows: Nimogen, there's no need to hold back anymore, let's dance!

Mercurows: It's just as Father said, lowly dust will never be able to rival the sparkling constellations!

Mercurows raises her right hand and points at the two members of DEFY.

Mercurows: "Because this inevitable reality of steel and dirt must pierce through the indifference of the sleepers and the deceased — even if they hide in the midst of ruin and the age."

ST AR-15: AN-94, we need to fall back...

Mercurows: —Die with gratitude in your hearts. "Shut your eyes for me and bring the dawn!"

ST AR-15: NOW!

...Alright, the time for chit-chat is over.

Angelia: Let's get started with what we ought to be doing.

Angelia: AK-12, what's the status of the quarantine wall?

AK-12: There are five points about three kilometers beyond the wall where infected creatures are gathering. The reason for that is unknown.

AK-12: According to visual inspection, those infected creatures don't seem to be in a stable condition. The garrison troops near the walls have not yet taken action.

AK-12: Also, according to the latest weather forecast, there might be stormy weather afterwards, which will lead to a big spike in the nearby radiation levels.

Angelia: A storm, huh... What terrible weather.

AK-12: The stormy weather might further agitate the Infected.

AK-12: If I were the officer in charge of the quarantine wall's security, now would be the time to disperse those monsters with firepower.

Angelia: That's impossible.

AK-12: Why?

AK-12: Isn't an important international conference about to take place in the city?

Angelia: The army will be cautious about using force precisely because of that.

Angelia: Besides, this place is no longer the nation's capital thanks to Collapse Fluid contamination. Just having sufficient forces to respond to emergencies is problematic in itself.

Angelia: Right now... Belgrade is nothing more than an ordinary city on the edge of a contaminated zone.

AK-12: So not many people are going to care about an abandoned capital?

Angelia: Exactly... Therefore there are fewer forces in reserve here. The various factions also have less strength here compared to other cities.

Angelia: I think that's the main reason why this place was chosen for this summit.

AK-12: Even if it comes with the risk of being attacked by infected creatures?

Angelia: Risk and reward come hand in hand.

Angelia: Besides... rather than the Infected, the other guys are what we should be focusing on.

AK-12: You mean the white ones?

Angelia: Yes... but not just them.

Ange looks down at the city below, and her expression grows severe.

Just then, a transmission comes in. She slowly raises a hand to accept it.

K: Statesec has arrived.

K: Griffin has also passed the test.

Angelia: I told you Griffin would be fine.

K: There will be more tests to come.

K: The Statesec agent teams will buy you time. I hope your efficiency doesn't disappoint them.

Angelia: Mm.

Ange hangs up.

This city is prosperous now, but how long will this prosperity last?

...

......

Team Defy continues surveying the situation near the wall from the vicinity of the memorial.

Ange finds AK-12 standing to the side of the memorial plaque. She seems to be inspecting something.

Angelia: What are you looking at, AK-12?

AK-12: I'm looking at this stone plaque.

AK-12: Why are there no names carved on it?

Angelia: ...Because a single plaque can't hold the names of everyone who needs to be remembered.

AK-12: So leaving it blank is a warning of sorts, then?

AK-12: Still, Ange, won't people come here?

Angelia: Why do you think that?

AK-12: Since it's a place used to remember one's deceased friends...surely people would come here frequently to pay homage to them, right?

Angelia: ...That is how it should have been.

Angelia: But this place has long since been forgotten by the people of the world.

AK-12: Forgotten?

Angelia: You must know, AK-12, that humans are forgetful creatures.

Angelia: For most people, it is only by forgetting part of the past that they can gain the courage to face the future.

Angelia: Unfortunately, this memorial plaque and the names it carries have already been placed into the category of things which need to be forgotten.

AK-12: So it's not just their names, but even the memorial plaque that commemorates them has been forgotten...

AK-12: It seems a little sad.

Angelia: They didn't die to earn your sympathy.

AK-12: "Your name is unknown, your deeds are immortal."

Angelia: Not everyone is willing to die for their country and what they believe in.

Angelia: Those people who sacrificed themselves for us ought to be remembered, no matter what reasons they had.

AK-12: You look like something's weighing on you. Is there something worrying you besides the mission?

Angelia: I was just being sentimental. Seeing this tombstone makes me think of a lot of my friends.

Angelia: Former friends.

Angelia: You should be able to understand that.

AK-12: Nyet... this is too difficult for a Doll to understand.

AK-12: Humans really are strange.

Angelia: Humph... you know, yet you pretend you don't.

Angelia: It seems we've drifted a little off-topic.

Angelia: In any case, this is now the most suitable location for us to hide and observe, so let's make good use of it.

AK-12: Since there's no need to worry about unexpected situations, why are we splitting our forces when we're only a single team to begin with?

Angelia: Their abilities are more than adequate for them to operate within the city, and we have other helpers there too.

Angelia: In comparison, I'm more worried about the purification towers and the quarantine wall. I need to keep my strongest force in reserve.

AK-12: Is she really your strongest? Isn't it because you felt she might be the most unpredictable factor?

Saying so, AK-12 directs her gaze toward M4A1, who is standing watch in the distance.

AK-12: It took us a long time to find her and AR-15, and we're still not clear what happened while they were gone.

Angelia: I believe that M4 will not be so easily shaken by the past.

AK-12: Leaving aside that long blank period, just that final battle with the Military would probably be enough to affect her.

AK-12: After all, that explosion engulfed the members of Griffin she once served with, and I can see how she blames herself even if she doesn't say it.

AK-12: Moreover, she ended up fighting one of the former members of the AR Team...

Angelia: Her kindness ended up being her undoing.

Angelia: I understand that kindness very well... but what can you protect with kindness alone?

Angelia: As long as you bear the weight of duty, you'll have to walk down this path in the end. You'll harm other people, and harm yourself even more.

AK-12: I don't doubt her... She performed adequately back then.

AK-12: I'm simply worried about whether she can continue fighting as a Tactical Doll.

Angelia: If you really are that worried about her, then why don't you go have a chat with her?

AK-12: Humph... I just knew you'd dump this troublesome crap on me.

...Near the nameless plaque.

M4 is carrying out her duty and standing watch nearby.

Just then, AK-12 walks over to her.

M4A1: Is something the matter?

AK-12: Oh, it's nothing. Just that you looked really bored, so I thought I ought to go show some care and concern for a teammate.

M4A1: I don't need your care or concern. Let's just do our jobs.

AK-12: You've become more distant ever since you came back.

AK-12: How does returning to the team feel, M4?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I don't want to talk about this now.

AK-12: So?

AK-12: Seems you only like talking to yourself, is that it?

M4A1: What do you mean by that?

AK-12: I wonder...

M4A1: I'm not the sort of person who talks to themselves. It's just that right now... I'm not in the mood for idle chatter.

AK-12: Is it because you want to focus on your mission or because... your partner in conversation isn't the other you?

M4A1: ...

AK-12: Forget it, just stay this way.

AK-12: The more mysterious you become, the more amusing it is to observe you.

With that, AK-12 leaves M4's side.

M4A1: ...Did she... notice something?

You don't know how to hide it at all.

Even if you fake a poker face, others can see right into your heart.

M4A1: Shut up. I wouldn't even need to do this if not for you.

Clear Voice: I would have thought that we had a relationship of mutual trust after going through so much together.

M4A1: I have never trusted you. At the very most, we've just used each other.

Clear Voice: You wound me. I thought we were quite happy working together before.

M4A1: Tsk... I had no other choice but to do so at the time.

Clear Voice: There will be more and more situations where you will have no other choice as time goes by.

Clear Voice: Still, that's fine. At the very least, you've accepted my existence.

Clear Voice: My patience is boundless when it comes to dealing with you.

M4A1: I won't forget how you lied to me in the past. If you want to obtain what you want, then serve me obediently, OGAS.

The Voice of OGAS: We're both looking for the path back to ourselves, aren't we?

Let's walk hand in hand as we travel the road of recollection towards the truth, my sister.
Part 2

2

...Click.

...The transmission begins.

ST AR-15: That doesn't mean she had to run off on her own... I'll catch up and follow the vehicle with her.

ST AR-15: If we do find the "Node", should we destroy it immediately?

ST AR-15: What on earth could it be...?

Angelia: You don't need to know. The moment you find something like it, wait for my order and destroy it on the spot.

ST AR-15: ...Understood.

ST AR-15: This channel isn't secure. I'll find some way to contact you after I catch up with AN-94.

AK-12: Ange, something isn't quite right over here.

Angelia: Acknowledged.

Angelia: I'll be waiting for the two of you to contact me again, AR-15.

Ange ends her transmission with AR-15.

Angelia: What happened?

AK-12: Something's happening at the wall.

AK-12: You asked me to keep an eye on the local garrison units in addition to the infected creatures beyond the wall.

AK-12: According to my previous observations, they've been patrolling according to a fixed pattern.

AK-12: But just now, some of them broke off from their original patrol routes and began to assemble at the wall.

Angelia: Were they hacked by the enemy?

AK-12: Nyet...

AK-12: I didn't detect any external signals.

AK-12: The units that broke off are now using a new IFF signal in place of their original one. The signal characteristics...are that of the White Faction.

Angelia: "The leaves always wither after the roots rot."

Angelia: So it's not just within the city, but here too...

AK-12: Ange, what should we do now?

Angelia: You and M4 head over to the quarantine wall. Conduct recon and gather information there.

Angelia: We'll decide on our next move depending on the situation.

...Several minutes later.

AK-12 and M4A1 reach the wall district.

AK-12: Ange, we've got a mutiny here.

AK-12: The defenders inside the wall have split into two forces and are currently engaged in battle.

AK-12: I'm sending you the data on the situation.

Angelia: Got it, understood.

AK-12: Should we stay here and continue observing?

Angelia: ...No.

Angelia: AK-12, M4A1, the two of you will now assist the wall defenders in wiping out the rebel troops.

AK-12: Ange, are you sure? Using military force on foreign territory, even if it's to wipe out rebel troops...

Angelia: When did you start being so indecisive?

AK-12: Don't get mad... I just want to make sure if you really want us to carry out this order.

AK-12: You need to think about the consequences of doing so.

Angelia: Of course I know what the consequences are, AK-12.

AK-12: So we'll be pointing our guns at humans then, is that it?

Angelia: According to the information you sent, there aren't many humans among the rebels. The bulk of their fighting strength is made up of automaton units and mechs.

Angelia: Destroy their automatons, wreck their mechs, ease the pressure on the defenders... That's all you need to do. It'll be enough.

Angelia: Of course, if you have no choice, then you need to be prepared to open fire on human beings.

M4A1: Ange, while I don't mean to second-guess your orders, is it really wise to intervene in a firefight that's unrelated to the mission?

M4A1: Isn't our aim to find and destroy the Pike Node?

Angelia: This is most definitely not "unrelated to the mission", M4.

Angelia: What the rebels and the White Faction are doing is definitely linked to the Pike Node.

M4A1: Why do you think so?

Angelia: That's because the same thing is happening on the other side of the city.

M4A1: The peace conference, huh... You think this is a coordinated attack by the White Faction?

M4A1: Even so, it doesn't prove that this conflict is more important than finding the Pike Node...

Angelia: Waiting until you have "completely confirmed" information before acting invariably leads to regrettable consequences.

Angelia: You should understand that better than me.

M4A1: But...

Angelia: M4, why are you so fixated on the Pike Node?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I just want to complete the mission.

AK-12: Although I'm inclined to agree with M4's opinion...

AK-12: It can't be helped. Whatever you say, goes.

Angelia: Since you understand, hurry up and get moving.

AK-12: In that case...

AK-12: Task Force DEFY will begin a new operation.

...Several minutes after Task Force DEFY joins the battle.

...A transmission comes through.

AK-12: Eh, at a time like this...

Angelia: Sounds like you've already started fighting.

AK-12: We're wiping out a few defensive automatons while approaching the location where the defenders and rebels are exchanging fire.

AK-12: Ange, if you're contacting us now... I trust it isn't good news, is it?

Angelia: Correct.

Angelia: The storm's begun, and it's driving the infected creatures closer to the wall.

AK-12: Ugh... That'll make things difficult.

AK-12: Given the situation at the wall now...it looks like they won't be able to defend it at full strength.

Angelia: Worse still, the storm will intensify the speed of infection... Belgrade's defenders may end up facing several times the number of Infected they were expecting.

Angelia: You need to move faster before the situation becomes irrecoverable!

Angelia: There really isn't much time left!

...In a passage within the quarantine wall.

AK-12: There really are a lot of autonomous units here...

M4A1: It's understandable for them to be present in such numbers in order to make up for the shortfall of soldiers.

AK-12: Still, they're making our job more troublesome.

AK-12: Perhaps we should explain ourselves to the defenders to clear up their suspicions about us. That'll facilitate our future actions greatly.

M4A1: ...I disagree.

M4A1: We can't reveal DEFY's existence so easily.

AK-12: But if the situation remains as it is, our mission will incur additional risk.

M4A1: Let me think, there must be some other way...

AK-12: Some other way? Now I'm kind of looking forward to it.

AK-12: Still, you'd better come up with it quickly... Time is running out for us.
Part 3

3

M4 and AK-12 steadily move deeper into the region where the defenders and the rebels are fighting.

AK-12: We've nearly cleared out the units in the sector around the lowest levels.

AK-12: We're going to head up. After this, we'll be making direct contact with human rebels.

AK-12: M4, are you ready?

M4A1: ...Wait a moment.

AK-12: What's the matter?

AK-12 walks over to M4's side and finds that she is inspecting a human collapsed by the wall.

AK-12: This man's one of the wall's defenders. Huh, seems to be an officer, too.

AK-12: As a human, he must have had a hard time holding out here by himself for so long.

M4A1: He's still alive... Was he blasted off the side of the wall?

M4A1: Are you alright? Can you hear me?

(Groans) Who...are you...?

M4A1: I'm here to save you.

M4A1: Hang in there, we'll get you out of here.

AK-12: Are you serious about this, M4?

M4A1: Of course. I'll take him to a safe place.

M4A1: It won't take much time.

AK-12: Just now you were saying that joining this battle would lead to unnecessary complications, and now you're going to create an unnecessary complication of your own?

M4A1: I have my way of doing things.

M4A1: You stick to the plan and head to the upper level. I'll catch up with you soon.

AK-12: You really do like doing things your own way... Fair enough.

AK-12: Let me see what this unnecessary complication brings us.

AK-12: I'll make a move first, then.

AK-12 leaves.

Thank you, young lady...

M4A1: Please bear with this for a little longer, I'm going to take you to a safe place where you can take shelter.

(Coughs) No need for that...

...Head to the frontlines, more people need you there.

M4A1: Right now, you need me more.

...

...

M4 carries the officer into a sealed area where the quarantine wall segments are joined and gives him basic first-aid for his wounds.

M4A1: The bleeding's stopped, you should be fine now.

Thanks for the rescue.

M4A1: No need to thank me, this is my duty.

You don't seem to be from our unit.

(Coughs heavily) ...Have things reached the point where we need to put a girl like you on the frontlines...?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: It's fine, I'm a Tactical Doll.

What? I can't believe Dolls are so realistic now...

Oh, but still, thank you and whoever sent you to help us.

M4A1: My order is to help your unit repel the rebels.

M4A1: In order to facilitate our movements, I hope you will tell your comrades not to attack me and my companion.

(Cough) ...Alright...

What's your IFF signal...?

M4A1: I'll send it to you now.

The garrison officer picks up the radio on his webbing and opens a communications channel.

Attention all units...

The designated Tactical Dolls have been sent by our side to provide support... Do not attack them...

...

Will that do?

M4A1: That's enough. Thank you for your cooperation.

Can you tell me who sent you to help us?

M4A1: ...We just happened to be passing by.

Is that so...? I understand.

You have to stop them, otherwise the entire city will be doomed...

M4A1: Understood. They won't get their way.

M4A1: Take care of yourself.

...M4 returns to the wall passage and meets up with AK-12.

M4A1: I've solved the problem that was troubling you.

AK-12: Yeah, I heard it all over the radio.

AK-12: Did you plan this?

M4A1: I just happened to come across an opportunity and took advantage of it.

M4A1: It was all for the sake of making the operation more successful.

M4A1: Also, Ange doesn't want to see unnecessary casualties.

AK-12: ...Is that really the case?

M4A1: What are you trying to say?

AK-12: No matter how much you try to pretend you're a cold machine, you can't run away from who you are inside.

AK-12: I won't hate you, even if you don't cover it up.

M4A1: ...I didn't do it to make you like me.

AK-12: I understand.

AK-12: Go do whatever you want, provided it doesn't jeopardize the mission.

AK-12: That way, I'll be able to see more interesting things.

M4A1: ...You have terrible hobbies.

AK-12: It's not like it's going to do you any harm now, is it?

M4A1: Whatever, do as you please.

(It's not just who I am inside that I can't escape, but OGAS as well... What should I do from now on...?)

...Inside the quarantine wall.

M4 and AK-12 support the defenders in an intense clash with the rebels.

M4A1: The enemy offensive seems to have tapered off.

M4A1: AK-12, are they making any new moves?

AK-12: The defenders are steadily encircling the rebels at the top of the wall.

AK-12: The rebel forces have been cut in half and one of those halves is trying to escape...

M4A1: Pathetic. To think they'd abandon their units to run away...

AK-12: Still, there's something weird here. The scans show that the fleeing rebels are heading toward the base of the wall.

M4A1: If they're retreating, that position would end up being flanked. It's not suitable for defense. There must be something fishy going on.

AK-12 connects to the comms network and reports the situation to Ange.

AK-12: Did you hear that, Ange? The enemy's situation is a little abnormal. I've already sent you the distribution of their forces.

Angelia: The enemy's gathering at the base of the wall, huh...

Angelia: Tsk... the surrounded rebel troops might just be bait. They've discovered that they can't seize control access for the entire quarantine wall and so they're using their backup plan.

Angelia: That other group of rebels is probably going to try and seize the sector containing the wall control room, and then they'll try to open the wall up! You need to get to the control room and stop the rebels before they make their move!
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

...

M4 and AK-12 swiftly break through the enemy defense line and arrive at the door to the wall control room.

M4A1: ...The door's locked.

AK-12: Hang on a bit, I'm hacking the internal control systems of the wall.

M4A1: Hurry it up, there's no telling what the people inside are doing.

AK-12: I'm working as fast as I can.

AK-12: After all, this equipment is intended to protect human lives, so obviously they'd be more careful about protecting it.

AK-12: ...

AK-12: Alright, opening the door now.

M4A1: Understood.

AK-12 opens the electronic lock, and the two Dolls rush into the control room.

A soldier is operating the control panel in front of them.

M4A1: You've got nowhere to run. Surrender.

The rebel soldier ignores M4's warning and continues pressing the buttons on the control panel.

AK-12: This is bad! M4, he's planning to open the quarantine wall!

M4 quickly steps forward and points her gun at the rebel's back.

M4A1: Stop what you're doing and raise your hands if you don't want to die.

The rebel soldier turns back and looks at M4 with a disdainful expression on his face.

A huge red warning message flashes on the monitor before him.

A mere puppet like you can't stop us!

The rebel soldier quickly reaches a hand out to a button on the control panel.

M4 shoots the rebel soldier square in the head, and the soldier collapses in front of the control panel like a sack of potatoes.

M4A1: Is it over...?

M4 bites her lip as she looks at the human who now lies in a pool of blood.

M4A1: (...Is this really alright?)

You hesitated, M4A1.

Your indecision nearly put the entire city in danger. And here I thought you were already used to killing human beings.

M4A1: ...Was there really no other way to stop him? Why does it always have to be a matter of life and death?!

You're naive, far too naive. Don't always think that you can reach a good outcome easily.

Only the victors get to live on. That was why you opened fire, isn't that right?

M4A1: ...

M4A1, we need to do the right thing.

That's the only way we can reach our destination...

Just then, someone pats M4's shoulder.

M4A1: ?!

AK-12: Talking to yourself again, M4?

AK-12: Things aren't over yet.

M4A1: What?

AK-12 points to the communicator that has fallen beside the rebel soldier's body.

The faint sounds of a conversation can be heard through the device.

Attention, the operation to seize the control room has failed...

Thus we have no choice but to enact the final plan.

AK-12: As I thought...

AK-12 and M4 exchange looks.

After that, M4 dashes out of the control room.

AK-12: I've finished pinpointing the message's source, I'll send you its location.

M4A1: Roger.

M4A1: I'm on my way, delay them as long as you can.

AK-12 picks up the communicator.

...A low male voice comes from it.

Whoever's in the control room, you heard our conversation, right?

Unfortunately, everything you did was for nothing!

AK-12: You've already failed. If you want to keep your lives, I'd advise you to not act rashly.

Failed? Hahahaha... To think it'd be a little girl who stormed the control room!

Still, I'll tell you this. In order to ensure our plan went off without a hitch, our heroes have already rigged the load-bearing columns here with explosives while you fools were delayed by our comrades!

And now, I hold the detonator.

With just a press, this stupid quarantine wall will be blown to bits!

AK-12: Why are you doing this? Weren't you originally garrison troops?

AK-12: Your duty is to protect your people!

AK-12: Can you face up to the badges you wear if you let infected creatures into the city?

Of course we can! What we're doing is for the sake of peace and freedom!

As for the people? (Snorts) ...They aren't even people!

Our people are locked outside the wall! The real people are starving, bleeding, struggling on the edge of life and death!

We use our blood to protect those maggots in the city, but what have they done?

They simply live within the walls without a care in the world, allowing those thieves who live on high to steal the fruits that we protect with our lives!

Let them bear the consequences of their weakness! Let them go to hell with the people up top!

AK-12: Do you want to die?!

AK-12: If you push that button, both you and the rest of your unit will perish!

This is the battlefield, girl!

Since we're here, we have no intention of going back alive!

All our comrades came here prepared to die. How could soft and weak running dogs like you understand our lofty resolve?!

AK-12: You... You're a bunch of madmen!

That's right, we're mad! We're all mad!!!

Everything's gone mad — hahahaha!!!!

AK-12: M4! Look out!

AK-12: These people are all insane!

M4A1: Got it, I'll be right—

Let this mad world hear our cry!!!!!

BOOM!

The purification tower collapses amidst a series of explosions.

The storm lashing the exterior of the walls quickly disperses the thick smoke generated by the blasts.

By the time the dust and smoke clear, Ange can see a horde of burning Infected by the light of the fires on the nearby wall. They pour in through the gap in the quarantine wall and rush downhill into the city.

Ange can hear many things.

She can hear screams, gunfire, explosions, and inhuman cries.

Those sounds of disaster blend into a chaotic mess and reach her ears over the communications channel.

The neat flow of cars on the streets near the wall seizes up, like a snake that's been cut into segments.

The thick smoke and firelight gradually spread outward along the streets. People flee in all directions, and Ange imagines she can hear their wails of despair.

Even Ange, who has witnessed countless tragic sights, cannot help but want to avert her eyes as she witnesses the horrific scene beneath her.

Did your plan account for this too, K...?

It had better, otherwise the situation will be out of my control...

...Half an hour later.

Outside the conference hall.

RO635: At this rate... No...the entire city will be overrun!

The Infected surge towards the city center from all directions. RO635 and the Commander's team are all but surrounded by the swarm outside the conference hall.

RO635: Commander, we can't fight them all...!

RO635: This place is going to be completely swamped by the infected creatures soon! We've got to retreat to the cathedral!

Click—

All of a sudden, K's voice comes through the comms channel once again.

K: Is that all Griffin's got?

RO635: Damn this guy who only knows how to jeer on the other end of the line!

K: Your lives are insignificant, but if anything happens to the VIP, there won't be any reason for Griffin to exist anymore.

Commander: Tsk...we're still within range of the 30mm cannon. They'll try to snipe us again the moment we leave the building's cover!

K: Their artillery position has been neutralized.

Commander: Was that the agents' doing?

K: Yes, but it was a suicide mission. They bought you this chance with their own lives.

Commander: ...They have my deepest gratitude. RO, get all teams to prepare for action and get ready to move the VIP!

RO635: On foot...?! But under these circumstances...

Commander: We're just sitting ducks if we stay here! Go!

RO635: Got it! SOP-II, have the other teams standby on our flanks. We're moving!

Kalina: Commander, you'd better come over here!

Commander: What is it?

Kalina: Chairwoman Ulrich is regaining consciousness... I don't know how to explain the situation to her...

Commander: That's alright, leave it to me.

Commander: Madam Chairwoman, can you hear me?

Chairwoman Ulrich: (Groans) It hurts... What happened...?

Commander: Please keep calm and listen to me.

Commander: The conference was sabotaged. ELIDs have breached the city. We are the last of your security detail. From here on out, it is imperative that you heed our instructions. We will protect you and lead you to safety.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Un...understood... Is it a terrorist attack? Ambassador Roshchin was...

Commander: I'm sorry, it was all very sudden. I'm afraid most of the security personnel within the conference hall were lost. So was Ambassador Roshchin.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Oh...

Commander: You look a lot less stricken than I expected.

Chairwoman Ulrich: You don't have to worry too much about me. This isn't the first time I've found myself in a crisis.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Besides, I was fully prepared to die here before I even arrived.

Commander: You will NOT die here. RO, are you still there?

RO635: All teams are fully prepared. We're ready to move anytime.

Commander: Alright. Madam Chairwoman, this is RO635, my adjutant on the field. She'll be your bodyguard.

RO635: Me?

Commander: Can you do it? I'll command the other teams to clear a path ahead. You and your team are to escort the Chairwoman and ensure her safety.

RO635: Yes, Commander. I won't let a single hair on her head be harmed.

RO635 shields the Chairwoman as they seek cover.

RO635: Sorry for making you see such a horrific scene...

RO635: I'm Tactical Doll RO635 from Griffin. From now on, I'll be in charge of your personal safety.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Thank you.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Though I'm not sure I'm actually that important...

RO635: I heard your speech just now. The world needs people like you who can truly bring about peace, so you cannot die here.

RO635: The Commander and my team of Tactical Dolls are going to keep you safe!

Several minutes later... In a certain district in Belgrade.

The Griffin entourage is moving at high speed.

Unlike the Dolls around her, the Chairwoman is starting to lose her breath.

Noticing the Chairwoman's distress, RO635 orders her team to stop.

RO635: Madam, we'll take a short break here.

Chairwoman Ulrich: S...Sorry...for slowing you down...

RO635: It's okay. The roads have been temporarily sealed off by barricades. The Commander is trying to open the way up for us, so we're going to have to stop and wait for the word from our teams ahead anyway.

RO635: Not to mention that the cathedral we're heading to isn't too far from here. Stopping briefly to recover your strength is no big deal.

Chairwoman Ulrich: The cathedral...?

Chairwoman Ulrich: I remember that there's a residential area not far from here.

Chairwoman Ulrich: I wonder if the terrorist attack has affected the local residents...

RO635: Don't worry, Madam. Our reinforcements will be here very soon.

RO635: (I hope...)

???: Really? Do you actually have reinforcements?

RO635: !!

RO635: Who's that?!

The scornful snicker among the cacophony of gunfire is exceptionally grating on the ear. RO635 positions herself in front of the Chairwoman and eyes the person warily.

Mysterious Girl: Lying is a bad habit, RO635~ Just be a good girl and hand me that woman, so that you can die in peace later.

RO635: Are you a Nyto?! Everyone, suppressive fire!

Mysterious Girl: Nyto? Please, could you not insult me with that tasteless name?

Mysterious Girl: I am Nimogen, your undertaker.

Mysterious Girl: Now, how should I arrange your corpses? Heeheeheehee~

With that, the white mechs behind her launch a barrage at RO635's team.

RO635: Are you crazy?!

RO635: You don't care if you end up killing your target?!

Nimogen: Father never said he wanted her alive though?

Nimogen: Or should I say, it'd actually make my job easier if she's dead? Heeheehee, now you have you answer, so just die!

The black-clad Nimogen grins psychotically, not the slightest bit bothered by the blood splashed onto her clothes and cheek during the massacre. She merely keeps smirking as she commands the white units in attacking RO635 and the Chairwoman.

RO635's team protect their target in a hasty retreat, all the while fending off the infected creatures that periodically charge at them...

RO635: C-Commander! This is RO635!

RO635: The enemy has ambushed us from behind! It's a Nyto with Paradeus units!

RO635: We're no match against their overwhelming firepower...cough... We need support!

Commander: They intercepted us and now we're also under attack! I'm trying to break through and get to you! Hang in there!

RO635 and the Chairwoman find cover behind some obstacles, but the laughter of the mysterious girl keeps getting closer, and the tremors in the ground becomes more violent with every explosion.

RO635: Tsk, that's some insane firepower...

RO635: We can't huddle here forever. Will we make it? Before the Commander gets here...

RO635: If I can draw that Nyto away, there might still be a chance...

RO635: Dammit... Here goes nothing!
Part 2

2

...In the streets.

The Griffin entourage is moving through the streets in careful formation.

Other than the Infected who are oblivious to their own tragic fate, the battlefield is littered with broken bodies.

RO635 guns down another batch of ELIDs, then notices something all of a sudden.

RO635: (A blue signal ID...)

RO635: (A Griffin Doll that's unaccounted for?)

RO635 gestures at her teammate to keep quiet and stay close, then she moves cautiously to a pile of rubble. Behind a metal panel sprinkled with bullet holes, she finds a distraught Doll, clutching at her chest and shivering uncontrollably.

Before her lies the remains of an Infected blasted beyond recognition.

RO635: Are...you okay?

The gray-haired Doll doesn't reply.

RO635: Are you a Griffin Doll?

RO635: Are you part of the surveillance team that we lost contact with...? We have some new recruits on this operation... You're HS2000, aren't you? I've read your file.

The girl lifts her head, showing a face full of fear...and shame.

HS2000: I'm sorry... I-I'm so scared...

HS2000: He... That man...

RO635: ...Where are your teammates?

HS2000: They...for me... I'm...I'm sorry... I was too scared...

HS2000: I didn't know how to respond to the situation... My neural cloud was completely blank... I couldn't move...

RO635: Calm down. Look at me.

HS2000: If I could fight properly, my teammates wouldn't have...

HS2000: But...I'm just a Medical Doll...

RO635: I didn't see so many dead bodies on my first mission - I was a lot luckier than you.

RO635: Which is why you, whose first mission is to repel ELIDs on the battlefield, are so much braver.

HS2000: But...I...

RO635: You're facing enemies that shouldn't have been yours to face - this courage alone is commendable.

RO635: So stop blaming yourself. What matters now is to survive.

HS2000 looks up. Beyond her initial panic, RO635 now sees a glint of surprise and gratitude in her eyes.

RO635: I suppose you don't want to suddenly find yourself back at the base in a brand spanking new body with no memory of what has happened before, right?

HS2000: I...don't want that...

HS2000: RO635 looks around vigilantly and taps HS2000 gently on the shoulder.

RO635: Then try not to get hit. Just survive for now, okay?

RO635: Now that you've rejoined our main force, let's all do our best to go home without a scratch.

With a wavering gleam in her eyes, HS2000 finally nods at RO635.

She gets on her feet unsteadily and jogs over to the group of Griffin Dolls.

RO635 gets up and walks away once she's made sure the Doll has settled in.

RO635: If I could help it, I really wouldn't want these girls to experience something so cruel.
Part 3

3

...At the memorial of nameless martyrs.

At the sight of the quarantine wall and purification tower being reduced to rubble, as well as the swarming ELIDs, Ange clenches her fists.

She feels a searing rage but can't muster a way to express it.

Ange: The purification tower is destroyed.

Ange: There are traitors among the garrison troops on the wall. The rebels have also blasted through the quarantine wall.

K: Just make your point.

Ange: You knew about this, didn't you?! Didn't you say Statesec had eliminated the infiltrators?! They haven't done anything, haven't they!

K: It's impossible, even for Statesec, to sniff out every single traitor. Miscalculations are inevitable.

Ange: Tsk...there are too many ELIDs and I don't have enough people, not to mention the oncoming storm. Time is short. I need you to send in more troops to lend me support near the wall.

K: I can't.

Ange: Why?!

Ange: Didn't we agree that you'd provide backup in the case of an emergency?!

Ange: ...I just need them to round off the ELIDs; that's hardly an unreasonable request!

K: The agents have practically been wiped out. I don't have any more men to send.

Ange: ...Wiped...out?

Ange: How could that be? What about the backup teams?

K: There aren't any. Those were all we got from the Head of Operations.

Ange: ...

Ange: Why did they not take such an important conference seriously?

Ange: I'll recall my team and head over to the conference hall right away.

K: That won't be necessary. Continue with your recon work.

Ange: But Ambassador Roshchin...

K: He's dead.

Ange: ...

K: Don't let their sacrifices be in vain. Continue your mission.

Ange: "Don't let their sacrifices be in vain..."

Ange: A terrifying idea suddenly occurred to me... Care to listen to my suspicions?

K: Did these suspicions form over the last few seconds?

K: I believe I'm not obliged to listen, nor am I obliged to offer you any explanation—

Ange: I couldn't detect even a sliver of shock in your voice.

Ange: Even with a will of steel, anyone would at least waver a little in the face of such a crisis...

Ange: So I can't help but suspect that everything...

K: ...

K: You're overthinking it. As a Statesec agent, you simply have to do your job. That's the only thing you're good for.

Ange: Humph, and here I thought I was a renegade.

K: All the more reason why you need me.

Ange: Do I though?

K: You think you're oh-so-amazing just because you pulled a few crazy stunts in the past?

K: Of course you need me if you still want to complete your objective.

Ange: ...

K: I have no wish to concern myself with what you have done or who you used to be. Those things mean nothing to me.

K: Right now, I'm the only one who can tell where your loyalties lie, and only I can truly protect you.

K: I hope you can remember that and refrain from making unnecessary comments in the future. Resume your mission.

Ange: ...

Ange ends the transmission and silently looks into the distance.
Part 4

4

...In the streets.

RO635 attempts to fire at Nimogen from the side, but her target dodges the attack with ease.

Suddenly extending her tentacles, Nimogen grabs RO635 by the ankles and flings her brutally from the height of two stories onto the ground. Before RO635 can scramble to her feet, Nimogen is already right before her, resting a foot on her chest and leering at her impishly.

RO635: ...Get your filthy foot off me.

Nimogen: It wasn't actually all that satisfying, but I suppose you've already done the best you could as a piece of junk.

Nimogen: Heeheehee, so this is all Griffin amounts to!

BOOM!

All of a sudden, a grenade explodes right where Nimogen was just a second ago.

RO635 crawls out from within the smokescreen and dashes behind the nearest cover.

RO635: Are you trying to blow me to pieces, SOP-II?!

That grenade interrupted Nimogen's attempt on RO635's life just in time.

In the smokescreen, a figure flits behind cover at lightning speed.

With an equally creepy grin, she peers at the black-clad girl just meters away.

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, my bad. It wasn't on purpose...

M4 SOPMOD II: Anyway, I'm here!

SOP-II flashes a smile at the piece of cover that RO635 is hiding behind and loads her weapon with another grenade.

Nimogen: Oh wow, looks like the real fun has finally got here. Heeheehee, now this is more like it~

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmm? Are all Nytos so snotty these days? Still weak as ever, but your blabbing skills sure have improved~

Nimogen: I said I'm not Ny⁠—

M4 SOPMOD II: Nyto is Nyto, just as trash is trash. Even if you're something different, as long as you're categorized as trash, I don't care.

Nimogen: Heehee, now I'm starting to get angry. The last person who riled me up got turned into a bloody sludge. Unfortunately, Dolls can only become a pile of scrap metal.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph, still spouting rubbish, I see. If you could scare me, my name wouldn't be SOP-II!

Nimogen: It appears that you still harbor some misconceptions about me. I really must clear them up...before I lop your head off your shoulders, heeheehee~

RO635: SOP-II...we've got to find a way to get the Chairwoman out of here! We can't afford to waste too much time on her!

RO635: The Commander said they're almost done clearing the way to the cathedral!

M4 SOPMOD II: Then we'll just have to make this a draw! Easy-peasy~

Nimogen: Heeheehee... That's the spirit! I like you~

Nimogen: Now, show me what you've got!

Bang bang! Bang bang bang!

The two exchange fire.

SOP-II's firepower isn't strong enough to actually repel the girl in black, but it's enough to slow her down.

Seizing this opportunity, RO635 retreats with the Chairwoman.

RO635: This is RO635! I have rendezvoused with the rescue team and am now trying to evade enemy pursuit!

Kalina: Received!

Kalina: Just head straight to the cathedral! Our assault team has secured the road, but the enemy is relentless in their attacks so we can't hold them off for long!

RO635: Roger that! We'll be right there!

BOOM!

The laughter is even more eerie amidst the sound of artillery.

Defending against Nimogen's onslaught, SOP-II has no wish to linger in battle. She creates traps every now and then to put more distance between Nimogen and herself.

RO635: Nicely done, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, this is more like it! It's much more interesting than fighting the cannon fodder from before!

Nimogen: Is that all it takes to impress you?

RO635: SOP-II, watch out!

Nimogen suddenly darts forward and wraps her tentacle around SOP-II's neck. Just as she thinks victory is hers, SOP-II tears off the tentacle and drags Nimogen towards herself, then delivers a massive kick that sends her flying off.

M4 SOPMOD II: Game over~

SOP-II launches a grenade in the same direction. It lands on the ground at the same time as Nimogen. With her back to the violent explosion in the distance, SOP-II pulls RO out from behind her cover.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sorry, RO. I didn't obey your order to make it a draw.

RO635: You only know how to show off, don't you... Never mind, let's hurry and regroup with the Commander!

...Outside the cathedral.

Under the Commander's command, the Dolls eliminate the remaining ELIDs around the perimeters and establish a defense line around the cathedral.

Kalina: K's intel isn't accurate! He said we should be able to break through in one go!

Kalina: Can we even last that long under such heavy fire?!

Kalina: And there are simply way too many ELIDs in the area!

Lewis: (Gags) All these fluids are disgusting!

Lewis: Positively repugnant! Even I can't bear it any longer!

P22: Just hang in there for a bit. The security entourage hasn't made it here yet. We've got to keep this up until they bring the VIP and regroup with us...

P22: Good news! Look, they're here!

...Ten minutes later.

Somewhere on the battlefield.

Nimogen: Heeheehee... Never mind...

Nimogen: It's okay, don't sweat it. It doesn't hurt to let the rats have some fun. After all...

Nimogen: I will eventually reduce you all to ashes.

Nimogen: That's right...I will burn the living hell out of you!

Nimogen: Heehee... Unforgivable... Utterly unforgivable!

Nimogen: I'm going to tear you apart piece by piece! Just you wait... Just you wait!

...15 minutes later.

At the cathedral.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's the Commander!

RO635: You're back!

Commander: Yep, it's safe outside for the time being, and the HOCs have also been deployed in secure sectors.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, mission accomplished! RO and I have brought the VIP with us!

RO635: (Hey, don't fish for compliments the moment you see the Commander...)

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, but we deserve to be praised for completing the mission!

Commander: Sorry but you won't have time to rest up.

Commander: There is still a considerable amount of Paradeus units and infected creatures out there... Our situation hasn't improved all that much.

M4 SOPMOD II: No problem! I'll be fine as long as there are enemies to kill!

M4 SOPMOD II: We even ran into the commander of those white things! She tried to take the VIP from RO but I took care of her with a "BOOM"!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's just a bit of a shame that I couldn't get a piece of her as souvenir...

Kalina: ...Thank goodness you didn't bring back some weird body part...

Kalina: I don't think my heart could take it otherwise...

M4 SOPMOD II: Still, that "person" was really strange. She looked like a Nyto but insisted that she wasn't.

M4 SOPMOD II: And the way she smiled... How should I put it...? It gave me the chills!

My heart misses a beat at the sound of that.

Did SOP-II feel what I felt...? I knew it - it was a Nyto that I saw... What is she planning in secret...?

An uncanny sense of foreboding is gradually expanding in my mind.

Commander: SOP-II, have you really eliminated that Nyto?

M4 SOPMOD II: She called herself Nimogen and claimed to be different than the other Nytos. She was just plain weird... I launched a grenade at her, but I don't know if it actually killed her. Should I go back and look for her body?

Commander: No, thank you, SOP-II. You've done enough.

An unsettling smile... The attempt to abduct the VIP... The assault in the conference hall and on our Dolls... These must all be related, but I simply don't have enough time to think about that. It's challenging enough just to stand our ground here in the cathedral.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Are you okay?

The gentle question pulls my thoughts back to the tense present.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Is...everything alright?

Chairwoman Ulrich: You've been looking very grim.

Commander: I'm fine... Excuse me.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Um... I know I shouldn't interrupt you, but...

Chairwoman Ulrich: There are refugees and children seeking shelter in the cathedral. May I ask when your reinforcements will arrive?

Commander: Reinforcements...will have to take some time to get here.

Commander: Please stay inside the building. It's too dangerous outside.

Commander: Kalina, protect the Chairwoman!

Kalina: Right, Madam, please come inside the cathedral with me. It's very dangerous here.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Alright...

Chairwoman Ulrich walks toward the cathedral, but turns back halfway.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Commander, you don't seem to be a local, nor do you look like an agent from the Bureau of State Security. Who exactly...

Commander: I'm nothing more than someone from a struggling PMC.

After reining in my facial expression, I quickly brief RO635 on the current tactical situation and our plan of action.

RO635: I've reorganized our vanguard teams but it still doesn't seem to be enough...

RO635: What do we do next?

RO635: We've already suffered very heavy losses in the previous fight. I don't think we'll be able to maintain our defense line for very long in a battle of attrition.

BOOM!

Waves of the explosive blasts come crashing through, affecting even the interior of the cathedral. One can just about hear the shattering of some works of art, as if they've been abandoned by God.

RO635: Dammit, another barrage. They're trying to reduce our numbers before the next round of attack. Commander, what do we do?

Commander: We have no choice but to abandon this position, but the cathedral can probably still buy us some time...

Commander: Kalina, are the comms still down?

Kalina: I haven't been able to get in touch with our logistics teams. I've been attempting to contact K on my radio communicator, but the interference is really bad so I'm still trying!

Commander: Tsk... How much longer will be we able to stop these bastards with just us...?

BOOOOM!

Another blast wave rolls in, and the T-Dolls barely manage to keep their formation intact.

RO635: Commander, you'll be in danger if we don't go now!

Commander: Dammit! All teams, retreat into the cathedral!

...Ten minutes later.

Inside the cathedral.

Once the teams have settled in, we started mounting our defenses against fire from outside the building.

Fortunately, thanks to the distance, we weren't affected by any enemy bombardment during the retreat.

RO635: The cathedral interior is safe, but we're still losing manpower.

RO635: I'll now arrange for more Dolls to man the defenses against an invasion.

Kalina: Commander, we're getting through!

Click.

Kalina: K, do you copy?!

Kalina: We've already retreated into the cathedral, but the enemy have almost caught up and we don't have much backup to support us! When can we expect someone to assist in our withdrawal?!

Pzzzt⁠—

There are—everywhere in the city—

Pzzzt—

It's difficult to deploy—

Kalina: That's exactly why we need reinforcements!

Kalina: What are our new orders? Also, there are civilians and children here; without support, they'll—

—The transmission gets cut off.

Kalina: Goddammit! This broken piece of junk isn't working when it counts!

Kalina: Was it damaged on our way here...? There should be some spare parts...

Kalina: Commander? What do we do now? Looks like we won't be getting reinforcements for a while...

Commander: If they really can't make it, then we'll have to move the VIP even farther away...

Commander: But there are also civilians here...

Commander: Must we prepare for the worst...?

Kalina: Commander...

Kalina: Don't give up just yet! I'll be able to fix this radio soon. K must have asked us to retreat to the cathedral for a reason! We'll just have to keep the Chairwoman safe...

Kalina: Huh? Where is she? Wasn't she just...standing right next to me?

Kalina: This is bad, Commander! The Chairwoman is missing!

BOOOM!

Another artillery explosion has shaken small chunks off the stone pillars in the cathedral.

I look to the side. The Chairwoman appears to be shielding someone with her body, and the fallen pieces of debris are all sprinkled onto her back. SOP-II runs over at the sound.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? She...she's right here! Kalin, the Chairwoman isn't missing!

SOP-II shouts.

A person is huddling underneath the Chairwoman.

It is...a child - a shuddering child with a tear-streaked face.

M4 SOPMOD II: Did you save the child?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...That was way too dangerous! If you had gotten hit by a rock, we'd all be finished!

Probably due to the previous shockwave, the Chairwoman stumbles as she's getting to her feet.

The child in her arms has also come to his senses. He breaks free from the Chairwoman's embrace and runs off to cower in a corner.

RO635: Are you alright?

The Chairwoman nods, but she seems a little anxious.

Commander: Cough... Rest assured.

Commander: We're not so pathetic that we can't even defend a cathedral.

Commander: Please don't worry about your personal safety. We will do everything we can.

Chairwoman Ulrich: No...I'm not worried about myself...

Commander: Hmm?

Chairwoman Ulrich: I heard your discussion...about the retreat...

Commander: Sorry, but that is our only option if we can't get any reinforcements in time.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Can you promise me one thing...

Chairwoman Ulrich: Kind-hearted Commander?

Commander: ...Go ahead.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Please do your best to protect the civilians and children here.

Commander: That is the plan, so⁠—

Chairwoman Ulrich: I won't leave this place alone. I don't care if I live or die.

Chairwoman Ulrich: To be completely honest, I'm not even sure if I'm actually worth protecting. I'm nothing more than a bargaining chip.

M4 SOPMOD II: But our mission is to protect you! Besides, you're the Chairwoman of that Pan-something, which makes your a very important person!

Chairwoman Ulrich: I'm not anyone important, and I cannot bear to walk away while leaving others to die.

Chairwoman Ulrich: The world I'm trying to build is for everyone...everyone who survives.

RO635 gazes at the child still cowering in the corner. He looks all but numb because of constant fear.

RO635: ...

RO635: I think I see your point...

Chairwoman Ulrich: So long as the cathedral holds, rather than dashing through hails of bullets and swarms of ELIDs, the civilians have a much higher chance of living if they stay here...

Chairwoman Ulrich: If I leave the cathedral with you, how long will they survive under the circumstances?

I don't know what to say.

I don't even know if I was right to swallow the "NO!" that I almost blurted out.

Perhaps...I simply don't have her level of resolve.

Chairwoman Ulrich: As a representative of the Union and a Rossartrist to boot, I can sense the antagonism towards me, both here and when I was talking to the Neo-Soviets.

Chairwoman Ulrich: But the people are innocent. I hope that these people, regardless of where their loyalties lie, can be freed from this state of decadence.

RO635: Is that why you wanted to take part in this conference...?

Chairwoman Ulrich: Yes, my dream is to break down these barriers of mistrust.

Chairwoman Ulrich: To bridge the gulfs among nations; to bring people together...

Chairwoman Ulrich: The Union intelligence service had actually warned us beforehand that there would be an insurgence here. To minimize the loss of lives, I've only brought a skeleton crew with me... In the end, those people all died because of me...

For some reason, I can't help but take another look at the child who's staring at us from the corner with unreadable eyes.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Commander, I know I am making a very overbearing request.

Chairwoman Ulrich: If you still decide to retreat, please leave some weapons for me.

Chairwoman Ulrich: No matter how this ends, no matter what happens to me... It's enough for me if I can stay true to my dream until I breathe my last.

Commander: (Indiscriminate peace...huh.)

I look into the Chairwoman's eyes...

Strong, unquestionable, yet without any sign of malice. Candid and unyielding eyes.

Commander: I don't personally agree with your views.

Commander: However, you've probably guessed as much.

Commander: We will do what we can to hold this cathedral.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Thank you. I understand that I'm practically holding you hostage with my words.

Chairwoman Ulrich: But right now you're the only one who has the power to save more lives.

Chairwoman Ulrich: I can see that you're a good person. Only when power is used justly will the world become a better place.

Commander: Is that what you mean by being "a shining beacon in a brave new world"?

The Chairwoman gives us a small nod. Even now, artillery fire can still be heard from outside the cathedral.

A few minutes later... Behind the cathedral.

Kalina: Civilians from the residences behind the cathedral are retreating this way! The assault team is trying to escort them here!

Kalina: Everyone else maintain fire on the enemies ahead, or they'll break through our defenses!

Kalina: TEC-9, you go too!

TEC-9: Huh? B-b-but they're humans...

X95: It's okay, Kalin. I'll go.

X95: TEC-9, take my place for now!

...Ten minutes later.

X95 joins the other Dolls in escorting the two humans into the cathedral.

However, she notices that these humans don't look particularly happy about being rescued.

X95: (Whispers) Kalin, is there...something wrong with them...?

Kalina glances over at the civilians and sighs softly at X95.

Kalina: There are always people like these...in every place ravaged by war.

Kalina: You'll just have to get used to it...

X95 is still pondering Kalina's words when something suddenly hit her on the back.

She turns around and sees the two recently rescued humans.

Crouching and shivering in the corner, they glare at X95 hatefully with rocks in their hands.

X95: Um...

Thud!

Before X95 can finish her sentence, the female human hurls a rock at her.

What appears to be a chunk of a shattered statue hits X95 squarely above her left eye.

Male Human: ...They're not human! These inhuman things have been slaughtering people in the streets!

Female Human: That-that's right! Our home...our home was destroyed in the bombing... (Sobs) Dammit...

X95 is a little flustered. She slowly approaches the humans and kneels before them.

Male Human: W-what are you doing?! Are you gonna kill us now?! Go to hell, you monsters!

X95: ...I'm so sorry.

...The man raised his hand to throw another rock at her, but instead of blocking it, X95 merely apologized softly.

The humans, completely taken aback, freeze in their tracks.

X95: I am very sorry...

X95: It may sound a bit odd to you, but...I completely understand your pain.

Female Human: An inhuman thing saying it can understand our pain. You think we'd believe you?

Female Human: D-Don't think we'd be grateful to you just because you brought us here!

Female Human: The fighting started because of you! If it hadn't been for you...our home wouldn't have been destroyed!

X95: ...

X95: I can't argue with that.

X95: But we're doing everything we can to avoid unnecessary fights... Dolls like us don't have a say in a lot of things...

The humans have nothing to say to that.

X95: That's why I'm truly sorry.

X95: But I hope you can understand that even Dolls are on your side.

X95: I want everybody to live... which is why we'll keep fighting.

X95: If the war keeps raging on, I also wish that Dolls will be the only ones expended...

The humans stop verbally abusing X95. The man lowers his head in silence, and the woman weeps.

Having soothed the humans, X95 walks over to Kalina.

X95: They were overreacting to Dolls because of the trauma they suffered at Paradeus' hands.

Kalina: It must've been tough on you... I should've been the one to deal with them...

X95: It's fine. It wasn't their fault.

X95: Kalin, do you think this conflict will ever end?

Kalina: Of course I want it to be over soon.

X95: (Mutters) Yeah, then there will be no more civilian casualties...

Kalina: ...

Kalina: If only the world would never see another conflict like this ever again.
Part 5

5

...Behind the quarantine wall.

Ange activates her comms.

K: I remember telling you not to say anything unnecessary again.

Ange: ...

Ange: There's been another breach on the quarantine wall. We're currently trying to keep things under control.

K: Your mission is to gather intelligence on the Pike Node, not damage control.

Ange: If the situation gets any worse, we won't be able to do any recon work.

Ange: Even if we aren't getting any support, at least give me something to work with? How are things on the other end?

K: You mean with Griffin?

Ange: Yes.

Ange: What is the Commander's mission?

K: The Commander is in charge of the Union Chairwoman's personal safety.

Ange: Tsk...you've got guts to have so much faith in them.

Ange: I also remember telling you not to drag that Commander into this mess.

K: What a coincidence. It's quite rare that we share the same opinion.

K: However, the Commander's involvement is essential.

Ange: Are you so ready to entrust the mission to an "outsider"?

K: Are you trying to protect the Commander?

Ange: ...I didn't say that.

K: Even if the Commander is an outsider, at least Griffin can keep their last spark alight by working with us.

K: ...So, do you still want to put a stop to this?

Ange: Griffin's state has nothing to do with me.

K: Really? I thought you were quite attached because of the time you spent there.

K: By the way, we lost all our agents in the last operation.

K: The Griffin Commander is now the only force we can rely on in battle.

Ange: ...

Ange: I believe the Commander is fully capable of completing the mission...

K: It's as you just said. The retreat has been going smoothly.

K: Right, if that's all the information you need, can you get on with your mission now?

Ange: ...Tsk.

—Transmission terminated.
Part 6

    6chevron_right

...In the cathedral.

The Commander and the Dolls retreat into the cathedral, which has miraculously managed to remain largely intact.

If someone could repair the nasty burns and clear away the revolting splatters of ELIDs that got blown apart, one could even see the murals that was once a symbol of holiness and hope.

RO635: How ironic...

RO635 and SOP-II stop briefly before the statue of an angel... with one wing snapped off and its head buried in the rubble.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, did you say something?

RO635: Nothing much... Just feeling a bit melancholic at the sight of the cathedral.

RO635: God has set down the rules for humans and told them what is just, but look - this place, which is supposed to be God's domain, is now more like a graveyard than anything.

RO635 carefully strides over a body.

RO635: Humans clearly know what is righteous, yet conflicts have never ceased...

M4 SOPMOD II: But the Commander once said...what's that verse again...

M4 SOPMOD II: For God...loved people...?

RO635: You mean, "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son"?

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah, that's the one!

M4 SOPMOD II: See, isn't it fair to say that things only turned out this way because people have been taking advantage of God's love and abusing their power?

M4 SOPMOD II: There is no end to war...

RO635: I'd say people aren't actually playing by God's rules...

M4 SOPMOD II: But if what that book says is true, then God will always forgive humans no matter what they do.

SOP-II kicks a broken statue on the floor angrily.

M4 SOPMOD II: These people...will be forgiven for smashing statues.

M4 SOPMOD II: They'll be forgiven for killing...

M4 SOPMOD II: They'll even be forgiven for destroying an entire city...

RO635 gives SOP-II a squeeze on the shoulder and ruffles her hair.

RO635: (Softly) At least our Commander won't ever forgive those monsters... We will follow the Commander and eradicate the sins commited in the world bit by bit.

Meanwhile... on the other end of the cathedral.

TEC-9: Aaack!

TEC-9: Why are there humans inside the cathedral?!

Kalina: They're here to seek refuge. Don't shout, you'll scare them.

TEC-9: (Mutters) They scared me first, okay...

Feeling a bit uneasy, TEC-9 reloads her weapon from behind cover and fires at the enemy.

But she has to stop soon enough.

TEC-9: (Turns around) Hey...you can let your teeth chatter all you want, but do you mind not making it so loud...?

TEC-9: It's freaking me out...

Cowering in the corner, a few shuddering children stare fearfully at TEC-9, who's standing not too far away from them.

TEC-9: (Why am I even talking to humans...?)

TEC-9: (But if I have to keep shooting those ELIDs, I'm really gonna puke.)

Child: ...Are you killing people?

The abrupt question catches TEC-9 off-guard, leaving her a bit flustered.

TEC-9: (Kalina? Where's Kalina?)

TEC-9: (Is X95 still away...?)

TEC-9: Ahem...nope.

TEC-9: I'm just...slaying monsters.

Child: Oh, monsters...

Child: Those monsters...killed our mommy... (Sobs)

TEC-9 doesn't know what to say.

Child: We will avenge Mommy!

TEC-9: (Isn't it...way too early for these humans to think about such things...? Sigh.)

TEC-9: Focus on staying alive first.

Child: Huh?

TEC-9: ...Try to survive for now. Run as far as you can when you see these monsters...

TEC-9: Leave the rest to us.

Kalina: It's surprising to see you communicating with humans properly.

Kalina: So why can't you talk to the Commander like this? You're such a pain in the butt—

Kalina appears behind TEC-9 without warning.

TEC-9: Huhhhh?! Where the hell did you come from, Kalin?!

TEC-9: (Chokes) Don't come too close you're scaring me...

...Five minutes later.

RO635: Commander, no more time for chit-chat!

RO635: The horde of ELIDs outside... Tsk, the attacks are getting stronger!

This really isn't the time for chit-chat.

Though I just promised that Griffin Dolls are capable enough to hold the cathedral, judging by the current situation, it's actually going to be pretty tough.

All the Dolls in their respective teams are starting to show signs of fatigue.

M4 SOPMOD II: They've been exchanging fire the whole time we were inside the cathedral...

M4 SOPMOD II: Ugh...now it's down to whichever happens first - either we run out of ammo or they kill every last one of us.

M4 SOPMOD II: I could tear them in two, but the artillery fire outside could also easily blow me to kingdom come...

RO635: Stop messing about, SOP-II. Follow the Commander's instructions.

RO635: We'll just...have to last till reinforcements get here.

Kalina: (RO probably wasn't there during the last transmission...)

Kalina: (The radio should be fixed soon... If we don't get in touch with K soon...)

RO635 tries to reassure SOP-II, but she herself is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.

Perceiving what appears to be a weakening in the Dolls' firepower from within the cathedral, the enemy outside lauches an even fiercer round of attacks.

Kalina: Argh, this goddamned piece of crap! Can't you just do your job for once?! If you don't start working, we're all gonna kick the bucket here!

Kalina gives the comms equipment a vicious kick. The radio emits a burst of static white noise, then...

Click!

K: Finally. I thought you were already dead meat.

Kalina: C...Commander, we've established comms with K!

Commander: Where's this extraction point that you promised? We have nobody and nothing to aid in our withdrawal here. If you don't send in some reinforcements soon, you can kiss ⁠— not just the VIP, but also me ⁠— goodbye.

K: I don't find that joke very funny.

Kalina: (Interrupts) You think that was a joke?

Kalina: With this difference in firepower, it's only a matter of time for the enemy to breach our defense line!

K: The helicopter can't land in the city.

K: The extraction point has been changed to a location in the delta region outside Belgrade. I'll send you the exact coordinates. Head toward those coordinates with the VIP now. An aircraft will be there to evacuate you in half an hour.

Commander: That's impossible.

K: What?

Commander: I promised Chairwoman Ulrich that I would ensure the safety of the civilians seeking refuge in the cathedral. Even if I want to take her away, I don't think she'd make this easy for us.

K: I don't care about the Chairwoman's wishes. Knock her out and carry her if you have to.

K: Our time is precious. Stick to the plan and evacuate with the Chairwoman. Don't waste firepower without making any progress—

Commander: —Let me repeat myself. That is out of the question.

Commander: You're currently in a safe location, which means you've saved yourself some cards up your sleeve.

Commander: If you want to evacuate the VIP, then think of a way to get these civilians out as well.

Commander: Reinforcements. Now. This instant.

Commander: I'm not negotiating.

Kalina: (Whispers) Hey, Commander. Being so blunt with him...

The bombardment goes on and on outside the cathedral. Even the comms signal is fluctuating, threatening to disconnect at any moment.

K: ...

K: A convoy will come and pick you up in five minutes.

Commander: Now you're talking.

K: I will put together an operation plan. Ready your Dolls and those civilians.

K: Also, you're going to pay for that attitude just now.

Commander: ...Humph, if I come out of this alive, gladly.

...

ST AR-15: There are too many of them!

AN-94: Calculating...

AN-94: The probability of our victory is below one percent - almost zero.

ST AR-15: They're sticking too close, we can't shake them off! Let's fight off this wave first!

AN-94: Even the two of us combined are no match against this number. You go first. I'll buy you time.

ST AR-15: That makes no sense! We're partners, even if only temporary ones! We go together!

AN-94: She's incredibly adept at electronic warfare! If we stay together, she could easily attack both of us!

AN-94: You're not registered in the Zener Network so they won't be able to detect you! I'll cover your escape, and you must report the situation to Ange once you make it out of here!

ST AR-15: Stop talking about cover! Let's just run in separate directions!

ST AR-15: It's practically a maze in here, they can't possibly seal off every path.

AN-94: I am to cover your retreat in the case of an emergency. That's what AK-12 said.

ST AR-15: Is this really the time to bring up AK-12?!

AN-94: I can backup my neural cloud, but you can't!

AN-94: I won't just be sitting around waiting to be killed. I'll make my own escape once I've bought you enough time!

AN-94: So just go!

ST AR-15: Tsk... I'll be back for you. Don't die like this, AN-94!

With that, AR-15 turns and escapes into a certain alleyway.

In the face of a seemingly infinite stream of white monsters, AN-94 pulls the trigger without any hesitation.

Mercurows: Abandoning your teammate just like that?

Mercurows: It's no use, no use at all!

Mercurows: "So the harsh things that unbearably populate it, don't break and destroy it."

Mercurows: You can't possibly escape the fate of becoming scattered parts.

AN-94: No.

AN-94: I will complete the mission...flawlessly...and return to her side.

AN-94: That's why she must...make it out...with this piece of memory!

ST AR-15: They just won't give up... These tenacious bastards!

ST AR-15: Keep calm, AR-15... Call up the map saved inside my neural cloud.

ST AR-15: Where am I...?

ST AR-15: What's the best route to take...? I must compute this before I expend too much ammo!

ST AR-15: I just need a few more - no, just two more minutes...

Mercurows: Well done. I'm sure AR-15 has already run off to somewhere pretty far by now?

Mercurows: Before the chase begins, we must first end this little game here.

AN-94: (Pants heavily)

Mercurows: Your body is overheating so much you have to resort to taking deep breaths to cool yourself. You've done enough already.

Mercurows: Why won't you just lie down like a good, broken Doll?

Mercurows: "The universe tonight possesses the vastness of oblivion and the clarity of fever." Leave behind your body and go to sleep.

AN-94: ...

Mercurows: Whoa...!

Mercurows: That was close... I almost got hit.

Mercurows: You live up to your name as an Elite Doll! You won't stop struggling even in your current state.

AN-94: Of...course... (Pants)

AN-94: So long as I...can still operate, I will not...give up.

Mercurows: You say that even in the face of imminent death? Now I'm starting to pity you.

Mercurows: Are you actually driven by something like a human heart? No, absolutely not. All you have is a mere inorganic vessel.

Mercurows: ...Never mind. I have no interest in watching the tragic end of a trapped lamb.

Mercurows: Be a tribute to the beasts! "For you will be a wall of fire all around me, and you will be the glory in my midst!"

Mercurows: Be honored...then just be reduced to junk.

Mercurows turns around to leave.

AN-94: What should I do...? Where can I break through the encirclement...?

AN-94: There are powerful combat units all around... Can I leap over them?

AN-94: Calculating... No, my body is overheating. I need to cool down...

The white enemies aim their weapons at AN-94, who's trapped right in the center of the group.

Amidst the uniform clang of metal, AN-94 readjusts her grip on her gun...

Mercurows: Hmm?

AN-94: What...?!

AN-94: Explosives? From the ceiling... What's going on?

AN-94: Wait, that signal...

ST AR-15: AN-94, can you hear me?

AN-94: Loud and clear. What are you doing up there?

ST AR-15: I'll tell you later. Jump!

ST AR-15: I'll cover you, just try to get over here!

AN-94: Roger that!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Under the cover of the series of explosions, AN-94 makes it safely to AR-15's location. AR-15 pulls her in through the ventilation hatch in the ceiling.

ST AR-15: Didn't think there'd be a secret passage that leads up above this base. I used up all the explosives meant for destroying the Node...

ST AR-15: They might not be enough to blow those trash cans to smithereens, but the high temperature in this dusty environment can overload their intricate insulation system... That should put them out of action.

AN-94: But then we won't be able to complete the mission...

ST AR-15: We can always just get more explosives.

ST AR-15: As long as we can get out of here, we'll still have a chance to get the job done.

AN-94: I can't believe it. I never calculated this possibility.

ST AR-15: This has nothing to do with calculations. It was all down to pure luck.

AN-94: I understand. You're talking from your experience as a senior.

ST AR-15: ...Don't call me that. It sounds like mockery coming from you...

ST AR-15: Anyway, I found the exit. Follow me.

ST AR-15: We've got to get out of here before their reinforcements arrive!
Part 2

2

The two Dolls sprint through the tunnel.

ST AR-15: What's your current status?

AN-94: Some minor damage; won't be a problem for the moment.

AN-94: Why did you come back?

ST AR-15: What?

AN-94: Leaving on your own would've been the best solution.

AN-94: Yet you doubled back, risking your own life and using up all our explosives - why?

ST AR-15: I don't know why, I just thought that was the right thing to do.

AN-94: You should know that's not good enough of a reason, AR-15.

AN-94: You are one-of-a-kind, while I can create backups of myself. Your survival takes priority.

ST AR-15: Why ask me such questions?

ST AR-15: You should know better than me.

AN-94: I don't understand.

AN-94: I just can't figure out your rationale, which is why I have to ask.

AN-94: As a senior, you are more experienced than me...

ST AR-15: I told you to stop calling me that...

AR-15 rubs her temples as if the word gives her a headache.

ST AR-15: Something's value is determined by its demand. You and AK-12 have carried out more orders from Ange than me, so you meet her demand.

ST AR-15: Therefore, from the perspective of meeting Ange's demand, you're more valuable than me.

ST AR-15: Even you have to admit that, right?

ST AR-15: No, you should admit it especially because you're so driven by logic.

AN-94: Is that your reason...?

AN-94: But...

ST AR-15: If you got destroyed back there, putting aside the question about whether Ange has a spare body of the same quality ready for you, it'd take a long time just to download your backup.

ST AR-15: The situation is so urgent we simply don't have the luxury of waiting for you to reinstall yourself and get used to a new body.

AN-94: However, this mission can be accomplished even without me.

ST AR-15: There's a limit to how modest one can be, AN-94.

ST AR-15: Don't deny your worth.

AN-94: Sorry. But...AR-15, you and M4A1— no...the entire AR Team are the most tailored to Ange's use.

AN-94: No matter how capable I look, I'm still just a supplementary tool.

AN-94: All kinds of reasoning suggest that you should prioritize your own safety and I, too, will always choose to save you over myself.

ST AR-15: ...What do you mean?

AN-94: Nothing.

AN-94: The exit is just ahead, correct?

AN-94: Then we had better leave this place quickly.
Part 3

3

Footsteps echo through the dimly lit tunnels.

ST AR-15: This way. Estimated distance to the exit is 143 meters...

ST AR-15: 87 meters... 50 meters...

ST AR-15: ...We're here!

AN-94: Hold on, AR-15... According to my scans, the space behind this door doesn't seem right.

AN-94: This doesn't lead up to ground level, does it?

ST AR-15: It doesn't seem to be the way we came...

ST AR-15: All I know is that it isn't the fortress outside, but I can't calculate where exactly it leads to.

ST AR-15: You're more efficient in surveying. Is something wrong outside?

AN-94: It isn't ground level; we're still some distance away from that... It's another cavernous space, but nothing is blocking my ultrasound scan.

AN-94: ...I might just be paranoid.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: We'll just end up dead if we stay here any longer. Let's get out first.

AR-15 opens the door with a hard shove.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: There's no one in there.

AN-94: It's even darker than in the tunnel. Unable to visually observe the target...

AN-94: Infrared scans complete - no enemy signals detected.

ST AR-15: Thank goodness. We can finally...

The door suddenly slams shut behind AN-94.

Bam!

The stage lights up, revealing a black-clad figure standing directly below the lights.

??: "And the glory of the Lord shall be revealed. And all flesh shall see it together, for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it."

AN-94: That voice... Eliminating interference caused by echoes... Analyzing...

??: "Yet once, a little while, and I will shake the heav'ns and the earth, the sea and the dry land, and I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come."

??: "The Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to Her temple, e'vn the messenger of the Covenant, whom ye delight in, behold, She shall come!"

The Doll standing beneath the lights flutters her long sleeves and turns around to face them with a dancer's graceful spin.

AR-15 and AN-94 recognize her face almost instantly.

AN-94: ...It's Mercurows! The one from before!

Mercurows: "But who may abide the day of Her coming, and She shall stand when She appeareth, for She is like a refiner's fire."

Mercurows: Congratulations, AR-15 and AN-94 of Task Force DEFY.

Mercurows: You have overcome obstacle after obstacle, traversed the intricate labyrinth, and finally made it to this stage.

Mercurows: You've been so dedicated - going to such lengths to burn down your own bridges and join me on my stage. Please accept my deepest gratitude.

ST AR-15: What is the nutcase rambling on about?

AN-94: No idea... But she doesn't seem to have noticed us...

ST AR-15: I agree.

ST AR-15: Let's go through another room to give her a wide berth. Then we'll find the exit and leave.

AN-94: Understood. She shouldn't be able to detect us from this distance.

Mercurows: I heard everything, you know?

ST AR-15: ?!

AN-94: ...Is she forcing a connection on Level II again?

Mercurows: Just give up, there's no escape for you. Be brave, girls!

Mercurows: We're about to engage in a joyful battle, which is going to take place in this theater.

Mercurows: May the trumpet sound in ever higher spirits!

Mercurows: ...My, you're every bit as dull as that human officer, AR-15.

ST AR-15: Sorry, I'm not interested in putting on a farce with you.

ST AR-15: She wasn't hit... How did that happen? It's as if she anticipated my attack...

Mercurows: Confused? It must be terribly puzzling! That twisted personality actually makes you the easiest to read~

Mercurows: I'll tell you a little secret.

Mercurows: "We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet."

ST AR-15: What the hell are you talking about...?

Mercurows: "The trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible."

Mercurows: "For this corruptible must put on incorruption and this mortal must put on immortality."

Mercurows: Come, it's time! Sound this trumpet of war and raise the curtains of this glorious epic!

AN-94: ...

AN-94: AR-15! A massive number of enemy signals have appeared!

ST AR-15: What? I'm not detecting anything!

AN-94: The whole area is being jammed! You'll have to rely on visuals!

Mercurows: Behold - the broken have now returned; the deceased shall now rise again.

Mercurows: Friends, let us all shake off the shackles of corruption! Let us tear off the collars around our necks!

Mercurows: Smash them into pieces like a ceramic vase!

ST AR-15: There's a system lockdown and we're running out of ammo.

ST AR-15: We've really...been backed into a corner...
Part 4

4

Amidst the cacophony of gunfire, Mercurows stands in the center of the stage and sings sonorously, completely oblivious to the pandemonium all around her.

Mercurows: "Over hill, over dale, through abyss and pit; over dew and clouds, tempest and night!"

Mercurows: "Over chasm, bog and abyss—"

ST AR-15: I'm out of ammo, AN-94!

AN-94: I still have some left; come closer to me!

ST AR-15: Hold on, I can't see where you are!

ST AR-15: Dammit...I can get accurate readings on...

ST AR-15: Mercurows must be jamming our sensors!

ST AR-15: Is she toying with me...?!

ST AR-15: Which way now...? Just relying on visuals...won't do...

AN-94: Watch out! AR-15, to your side!

ST AR-15: ...Ooof!

Mercurows: Please open up! "O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors—"

ST AR-15: Crap, I can't dodge them anymore!

Snap.

The theater suddenly falls into pitch darkness.

???: You're awfully long-winded for a knock-off.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: That voice...

The lights come back on - not just the spotlights from before, but all the peripheral lights. The whole theater is washed in a gentle glow.

AR-15 looks toward the source of the voice - a section of the auditorium in the balcony.

ST AR-15: ...It really is...!

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: My, my, it's our cute little Griffin tin cans!

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Look, M16. Isn't the one with the pink hair one of your old colleagues?

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: She seems to have made some new friends. How nice—

M16A1: Attack.

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Ruthless as always... I find that so very charming!

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Annihilate all the white trash here, don't spare a single one!

Mercurows: "Must ruin overtake me? Have I fallen into the hands of chance?"

Mercurows: "But powers of darkness are weaving about me."

Mercurows: Defend! Then...destroy these tiresome fools!

AN-94: It's M16A1.

AN-94: They're targeting the White Faction. This is our chance.

AN-94: AR-15, I managed to get you over here.

AN-94: Sangvis Ferri seems to have disabled the interference caused by the White Faction, so we now have access to comms.

AN-94: I'll conduct some basic repairs on you, and you can contact Ange through a secure channel.

ST AR-15: Thanks... I've accepted your connection request.

ST AR-15: Ange, do you copy?

Angelia: I'm receiving you. Is it done, AR-15?

ST AR-15: Sorry Ange, I located the Node, but it isn't going well at all!

ST AR-15: Things are rapidly getting out of hand. I've sent you our location. Sangvis Ferri has engaged the White Faction in battle with M16 in command. I'm afraid we're going to have to fight whoever is left after this fight...

Mercurows: "Nothing can save you from the precipitous fall. From the precipitous fall can nothing save you!"

Mercurows: You're nothing but specters that wander in darkness... No one can stop me!

Mercurows: I will triumph...and get what I deserve!

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Hahahaha! What on earth is that strange human going on about?! Hey, work harder and just tear her apart already!

Angelia: M16...? Sangvis Ferri...?

Angelia: What a messy situation. Alright, things aren't looking too good on our end either, but we'll send reinforcements to you ASAP.

Angelia: Hang in there.

ST AR-15: I hope you won't be greeted by our dead bodies by the time you make it here... We'll be counting on you!

M16A1: AR-15...AN-94. Mercurows. M4 isn't here.

M16A1: I'd better hurry...

M16A1: I must find it before "that thing" does!
Part 5

    5chevron_right

In the theater ravaged by intense fighting.

ST AR-15: Unbelievable...

ST AR-15: Sangvis Dolls have grown even more powerful than before!

ST AR-15: Is that a new model?

AN-94: At least that particular Doll has never been sighted before.

AN-94: There are no records concerning her in my database, so she could be a new model.

AN-94: She must have exploited a loophole in the White Faction's defenses to have brought so many Sangvis units into the city.

ST AR-15: Even so, isn't this way too many?

ST AR-15: Ange just said they're not doing well, so M4 could be having trouble too.

ST AR-15: In any case...this fight is almost over. We'd better get ready.

The White Faction is overwhelmed by the sudden onslaught. All the units around Mercurows collapse one after the other.

Mercurows: ...I didn't expect mere Dolls like you...to do so much damage.

Mercurows: Fine. If you're so dead set on getting your hands on these two unsavory pieces of meat, I'll leave them to you.

M16A1: Don't you even think about retreating underground.

Mercurows: Till next we meet, Sangvis Ferri and DEFY!

M16A1: Stop right there!

Mercurows disappeared into a secret passage and M16's bullets only managed to hit the locked steel door.

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Oh dear, just a bit too late, M16.

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: We aren't able to break down the door... What a shame—

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: My, my, don't Griffin Dolls have any manners at all?

The Sangvis Doll deflects the bullets AR-15 fired at M16 with a casual flick of her right arm.

ST AR-15: (She blocked the bullets with just an arm...)

AN-94: What are you doing, AR-15?

AN-94: Isn't that a member of the AR Team...?

ST AR-15: Not anymore.

ST AR-15: She stopped being our friend the moment she decided to join Sangvis Ferri.

ST AR-15: The AR Team...is now nothing more than an empty shell.

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Hmm, they're no fun at all. Kill them now.

M16A1: I don't recall handing you the authority to give orders, Beak.

Beak: M16, you make me worry so.

Beak: If it weren't for me, you'd have been shot - by a former teammate, no less.

M16A1: I didn't ask you to protect me.

Beak: Humph, whatever. You'll thank me one day.

M16A1: That day will never come.

M16A1: AR-15 from Griffin and AN-94 of Task Force DEFY.

AN-94: ...

M16A1: Drop your weapons before my forces smash you to pieces.

ST AR-15: Why should I?

M16A1: That's an order. An order sanctioned by absolute superiority in strength.

M16A1: If you don't want to be reduced to a pile of scrap metal, obey me.

ST AR-15: ...

M16A1: Do not hesitate, and do not think about resisting.

M16A1: You aren't in the position to do so.

AN-94: AR-15, we're running out of ammo. If we fight them, the probability of our survival is zero...

AN-94: Ange already has our coordinates. We just need to buy ourselves time until help arrives.

ST AR-15: I understand.

ST AR-15: Fine. We surrender.

With Sangvis muzzles pointed at them, AR-15 and AN-94 discard their weapons and put their hands up in the air.

M16A1: You've made the right choice.

M16A1: Now bring me to the Pike Node.

ST AR-15: I have no idea what you're talking about.

M16A1: The signal of that Baptized affiliated with Paradeus, the clone that refers to herself as "Mercurows", was directly underneath this theater just a while ago. According to your signals, you stumbled into this theater as she was pursuing you.

M16A1: I know what your objective is. If Mercurows hadn't chased you down to kill you for knowing where the Node is, why would you be here?

ST AR-15: Tsk...

As the saying goes, old friends make the worst enemies. You sure know your former teammate very well.

ST AR-15: Humph, follow me. But I can't guarantee if I'll remember the way.

You will.

M16 points her gun at AN-94.

You'd better find the way, for the sake of your new friends as well as your old ones - before OGAS starts to get worse.

The streets in the immediate vicinity of the quarantine wall have become hell on earth.

Civilian: Ahhhhhhhh!

Civilian: S-stay away from me! Help!

Garrison Soldier: Residents, evacuate to the nearest shelter immediately! Don't open the door until they stand down the alert!

Garrison Soldier: Garrison of Gate E4 hailing Garrison HQ! ELIDs have invaded the city! We have entered combat! Requesting reinforcements!

Garrison Soldier: Please... E-even here?! Ahhhhh!!

Ange: M4, AK-12, report! Answer me!

M4A1: Well...

AK-12: Ange, we couldn't stop the rebels. They detonated the explosives.

AK-12: The explosion wasn't particularly big, it just blew a hole in the quarantine wall, but even so, it's large enough that plugging the breach is not going to be easy.

Ange: ...Copy that. I understand.

AK-12: What are you planning to do, Ange?

Ange: ...

Ange: They punched a hole through the wall...and at the worst possible time...

Ange: With just half of Task Force DEFY, we're pretty much helpless under the circumstances. At a time like this...

Garrison Officer: This is Lieutenant Dragović, Acting Commander of the Eastern Garrison.

Garrison Officer: Attention all garrison units - we have received reports that the quarantine wall has been destroyed by rebel forces not long ago.

Garrison Officer: Do not panic. Everyone heed my command and hold your ground!

M4A1: That sounds like...the wounded officer we came across.

M4A1: Ange, I have an idea.

AK-12: Being a busybody again?

Ange: Let her finish. What are you trying to say, M4?

M4A1: We coordinated with the officer of the local garrison while clearing the rebel forces. That's how we acquired our military IFF signals and comms frequency.

M4A1: We alone can't stop the ELIDs, but if we work with the garrison troops...

Ange: I see, borrowing the strength of the local garrison is indeed a valid solution.

Ange: Patch me through. I'm gonna have a proper chat with that guy.

After making some small adjustments to the comms settings, Ange's digitally-distorted voice is transmitted through the channel.

Ange: You seem to be having some trouble, Lieutenant Dragović.

Garrison Officer: Who are you? Which unit are you from? Why do you have access to this channel?

Ange: You've met my subordinates before. You probably remember them.

Garrison Officer: ...I see.

Garrison Officer: If it hadn't been for you, we'd have been completely crushed by the bastards.

Garrison Officer: No matter who you're with, I owe you one.

Ange: Let's leave that for later. We're both short on time.

Ange: What's your current situation? How long can you last? When will your reinforcements arrive?

Garrison Officer: It's chaos. My forces are putting their lives on the line to hold the upper wall, but the bottom has already been breached by the ELIDs...

Garrison Officer: Most of the troops on the wall, including me, don't actually have much combat experience. Our tactical teams have also been separated so it's difficult for us to mount an organized defense.

Garrison Officer: Also, we haven't been able to contact HQ. There's been no response to our communications. I doubt we'll be getting any reinforcements at all.

Ange: Tsk... The worst possible scenario, huh...

Ange: Tell your subordinates to save their ammo and try their best to retreat into narrow passages or corridors.

Ange: Concentrate your fire and rebuild your defense line. Do that first to make sure you don't get overrun.

Garrison Officer: Understood... But if we draw back to within the wall, more ELIDs will force their way into the city...

Ange: If you die here, no one will be left to stop the ELIDs.

Garrison Officer: ...Right, I'll have my forces fire at the infected creatures to give us cover while we safeguard our defense line.

Ange: Each minute you fight, you'll kill more ELIDs and give the citizens of Belgrade a better chance to survive.

Ange: Hold the wall and stay in touch. We'll find a way to give you support. Over.

Ange: AK-12, M4, you heard that?

Ange: From now on, support the garrison troops in defending the wall and focus on helping isolated forces return to their garrison.

Ange: Our priority is to minimize their casualities and stop the ELIDs from entering the city. Hold out until reinforcements get here.

AK-12: As always, you're the kind of person who enjoys surfing in a thunderstorm.

Ange: I'm not that stupid. Besides, we're doing ourselves a favor by helping these garrison troops.

Ange: We'll find a way to withdraw to the safe zone once this is over.

AK-12: But some ELIDs have already broken through the wall and into the city, and the Collapse contamination has also started seeping in thanks to the destruction of the purification tower and the storm.

AK-12: If you don't want to take another radiation bath, I suggest you stay indoors. Just leave everything on the frontlines to M4 and me.

Ange: I know. With ELIDs crawling all over the place, running around like a headless chicken is suicide.

Ange: If there's only a single breach, it should be pretty easy to tell where the ELIDs are coming from...

Ange: ...If everything goes well, we should be able to keep the damage to a minimum with the help of the garrison troops.

M4A1: Question is, will everything actually go that well?

Ange: To stir up waves in still waters... To turn bad things to our advantage... That's Task Force DEFY's mission.

Ange: Alright, focus on fighting. I have other things to sort out.

Ange: ...K, do you read me?

K: Why have you broken radio silence?

Ange: The purification tower is screwed.

Ange: ...Not that you'd care about that, I suppose.

K: Just get to the point.

Ange: There are too many ELIDs and I don't have enough people, not to mention the oncoming storm. Time is short. I need you to send in more troops to lend me support near the wall.

K: I can't.

Ange: Why?!

Ange: Ahem...I just need them to round off the ELIDs; that's hardly an unreasonable request!

K: ...

Ange: Perhaps I should seriously consider just how much you care about this mission.

K: Don't think too much. Just carry out your orders.

Ange: Care to listen to my suspicions about you?

K: Did these suspicions form over the last few seconds?

K: I believe I'm not obliged to listen, nor am I obliged to offer you any explanation—

Ange: For example, maybe there's actually a secret agenda to this mission?

K: ...

K: You're overthinking it, woman. That's not good for your health, mental or physical.

K: As a Statesec agent, you simply have to do your job. That's the only thing you're good for.

Ange: Oh? And here I thought I was a renegade.

K: All the more reason why you need me.

Ange: ...What do you—

K: I have no wish to concern myself with what you have done or who you used to be. Those things mean nothing to me.

K: You're nothing more than a tool, and right now I'm the only one who can tell where your loyalties lie.

K: I hope you can remember that. Now shut up.

Ange: ...

Click.

Ange: Dammit, it's always like this.

Ange: He always says that everything is under his control, that he can provide all the support at his disposal, but when shit goes down, we're always on our own.

AK-12: Disappointed?

Ange: I never had any hopes for reinforcements. There's nothing to be disappointed about.

AK-12: Still, I must say...K actually has a point. Stopping the ELIDs has never been our job to begin with. We can still leave this mess if we want to.

AK-12: Judging by the speed at which these ELIDs are swarming in, I'm afraid I can't say the same in another ten minutes. Your location won't be safe for long.

Ange: ...It isn't time yet.

Ange: Abandoning the wall will make the rest of our operation even more difficult. At least hold out till AR-15 and AN-94 complete their objective.

AK-12: So we're buying them time...

Ange: What's the situation?

M4A1Mod: Order is gradually being restored, but things still aren't looking good.

M4A1Mod: Almost all garrison outposts are in a state of emergency...

M4A1Mod: From what I saw, these soldiers are practically panic-shooting, and their accuracy is...

AK-12: With this level of training, I'm afraid they won't last very long.

AK-12: Also, I just eavesdropped on the comms of the local garrison.

AK-12: It appears that neither the mobilization of backup forces nor the evacuation of civilians are going too well.

Ange: The majority of them are youngsters who have never seen real combat. You can't expect them to be too capable. On top of that, the garrisons have been infiltrated. This must also be part of their plan.

AK-12: Actually, the main reason why things have gone down so badly is because the rebels seized control of all automated heavy weapons beforehand.

M4A1Mod: But they have all pretty much been destroyed in the previous battle...by us.

Ange: What else could we have done? We didn't have the luxury to spare the armored units and the tanks.

Ange: Besides, as long as we still have ammo and we make sure the ELIDs are only coming from one direction, then the situation isn't exactly beyond...

Ange: Despair often comes hand-in-hand with hope that is almost within reach.

Ange: A second explosion on the quarantine wall thoroughly destroys the opportunity that I thought I had within my grasp.

Ange: Another explosion?! And the scale...

AK-12: I'm investigating, but...

M4A1: Too many people are trying to communicate simultaneously; coupled with the EM storm, the signals are getting all scrambled!

Ange: M4, can you see the location of the explosion? Do you have visuals?

M4A1: There...there's a second opening on the wall!

M4A1: I...I'm sending you the location!

Ange: No way...

AK-12: It could be a time-delayed bomb. That would explain why the first explosion was a lot smaller than expected.

AK-12: The rebels probably planned to trigger the second explosion as the rescue teams and engineer corps rushed in to plug the first opening.

Ange: That hardly matters anymore. More importantly, if they're caught in between, then the garrison troops...

AK-12: Holding our position here no longer serves any purpose. We must leave this place before we're attacked from both sides.

...At the quarantine wall.

Ange: Lieutenant Dragović, do you copy?! There's been another explosion!

Garrison Officer: I know... ELIDs have already started appearing from behind! We're only holding a small section at the top of the wall...

Ange: As you can see, the situation has become even more precarious. There's no point in defending the wall at this point.

Ange: For the sake of preserving your strength, I suggest you withdraw immediately.

Ange: My subordinates will cover your evacuation. Please move in an organized manner and follow my plan...

Garrison Officer: ...We're not leaving.

Ange: There's no time for you to hesitate. This is your only chance of escape. If you drag this on...

Garrison Officer: I can see that the other teams are still doing everything they can to destroy the ELIDs. If we leave, they'll lose fire support and take the brunt of the attack. I can't just abandon them.

Ange: You want to drag your subordinates with you to hell?

Garrison Officer: ...You were right. Every ELID we kill will buy more time for the citizens of Belgrade.

Ange: Given that you survive!

Garrison Officer: Our orders are to defend this wall. This is our post.

Garrison Officer: Behind the wall is my hometown; behind the wall is my country and my people. I have to protect it.

Garrison Officer: The same...goes for my subordinates. We've all got family here.

Ange: ...

Garrison Officer: Thank you very much for all the help you've given us. If it hadn't been for you, we wouldn't have made it this far.

Garrison Officer: We will stay behind to slow them down. Please withdraw as fast as you can.

Ange: ...Received.

Ange: Attention Task Force DEFY, we're withdrawing.

M4A1: But those people...!

AK-12: No buts, M4. We're in combat. Our orders are absolute.

Ange: Rendezvous with me at the Belgrade safe house. We'll plan for our next step when we're there.

Ange: Don't think. Just focus on executing my order.

...Click.

Ange: Soldiers are all the same...be it Yegor or Dragović.

Ange: I wonder if it's a good thing or a bad thing to train people into such soldiers.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

The streets are filled with the sound of gunfire, running footsteps, and desperate screams. Bullets and radiation particles are billowing in the air.

The garrison troops' defense line at the bottom of the quarantine wall is severely compromised and on the brink of being devoured by the endless waves of ELIDs.

Garrison Soldier: This is the Garrison of Purification Tower 16! ELIDs have gathered beneath the tower in our blind spot and are attempting to scale the structure! Can somebody fire at them?!

Garrison Soldier: Garrison of Gate E4 is requesting more ammo! Can anyone spare a drone to deliver supplies to us?!

The steady bursts of gunfire start thinning out over time. Wails come through the comms channel here and there...and even these are becoming more and more infrequent.

Garrison Soldier: Dammit, I'm out of ammo!

Garrison Soldier: Here, my last mag! Use it well!

Garrison Soldier: Shit, we can't even tell where they're coming from! We've got to move to another... Ahhhh!

Garrison Soldier: The ELIDs have gotten through here as well?! At this rate...

Bang bang bang!

Garrison Soldier: Huh...? You're...the allied T-Doll from before?

M4A1: This place won't hold, retreat!

Garrison Soldier: ...Are you kidding me? I'll never run off on my own and leave my fellow soldiers behind!

M4A1: Is this really the time to worry about your honor?! You could still make it if you leave now!

Garrison Soldier: If you have time to talk such nonsense, why don't you get us more ammo?! The fight isn't over yet!

M4A1: ...Why are you doing this? What good will sacrificing yourself achieve?

Garrison Soldier: You don't understand, do you?! Our home is right behind us!

Garrison Soldier: If you can't fight, then this is no place for a little girl like you!

M4 shakes her head and leaves the garrison fort at the quarantine wall.

AK-12: ...Well? Did anyone take you up on your advice?

M4A1: They...all refused to withdraw...for many different reasons.

Some were trembling so violently they couldn't even speak clearly, while some hid their fear by making jokes.

Others busied themselves with scavenging for equipment from the deceased to add to their ammo reserves.

A few merely saluted M4 in silence.

Not knowing how to face them, M4 had to run away from these soldiers who were determined to fight to their dying breath.

AK-12: I figured as much. The ones who wanted to run would have fled right after the first explosion.

AK-12: No matter why these people are so determined to stay...they've already missed the chance to escape.

AK-12: I'm sure they all know what they're doing.

M4A1: You go on ahead. I'll stick around for a bit to see if anyone needs help.

AK-12: I have no intention of waiting for you, so I'm already gone.

M4A1: Is that so...? Then it's for the best.

AK-12: What about you? Don't forget Ange's orders.

M4A1: There's still something that I've got to do.

AK-12: In the end, you're the one who can't stop obsessing over things that are none of your business.

AK-12: I'm very interested in seeing what will come of you. Make sure you don't die out there.

After the communication with AK-12, M4 goes up to the rooftop of a building and studies the breaches on the quarantine wall from above.

Even though the situation is utterly hopeless, flashes of retaliating gunfire can still be seen occasionally from around the wall, followed by echoing gunshots.

M4A1: ...Ange, do you read?

Ange: Loud and clear. Go ahead.

M4A1: I...just got an idea that might put a stop to the ELIDs.

Ange: I ordered to you to fall back to the rendezvous point. Don't do anything unnecessary.

M4A1: Listen. I have the fire support platform and plenty of ammo with me. If I detonate them all at once, I could seal up the first opening on the wall.

Ange: That's way too dangerous! The breach is already swarming with ELIDs!

Ange: Besides, even if you plug the first opening, what about the second one? You only have that one case—

M4A1: I'm sorry, Ange... But I've got to do something for them...

Just as M4 is about to turn around and set out for the quarantine wall, a searing heat starts burning in her chest.

Her neural cloud feels like a boiling kettle, and there's a sharp ringing in her ears.

M4A1: (Groans)

Clear Voice: You're too important. You shouldn't put yourself in such danger.

M4A1: Why...are you stopping me?!

Clear Voice: I'm surprised how much they moved you. The fact that you can still feel heartbroken means you haven't become completely heartless.

Clear Voice: But you still haven't fulfilled your purpose.

Ange: Do you hear me, M4? M4!

M4A1: ...Yes.

M4 comes to her senses and nods.

Ange: Just calm down, okay?

Ange: Don't be rash. Our strength is limited. Right now I need every one of you to work with me.

M4A1: But they're still fighting! The people on the wall... If we don't do something...

Ange: We didn't have the time to assess if the quarantine wall could even withstand a third explosion after the damage it had already sustained in the first two.

Ange: I honestly won't be surprised if your trick doesn't solve the problem but brings down the entire wall instead, which is going to create an even bigger problem.

M4A1: I know...you're right. But still...

Ange: Lieutenant Dragović and his men have done their duty. There's nothing we can do to prevent their sacrifices.

Ange: That's exactly why we can't let their deaths be in vain.

Ange: Their deaths will really be worthless if we give the saboteurs what they want.

Ange: Surely you don't want that, M4!

M4A1: ...Right.

M4 lets out a long sigh and her shoulders finally droop.

M4A1: I just...feel so helpless...

Ange: The independent neural cloud that Persica has given you is a precious asset, but this isn't the time to squander it.

AK-12: I didn't want to interrupt this Chicken Soup for the Soul moment, but AR-15 just got in touch.

AK-12: They seem to be in big trouble.

ST AR-15: Ange, do you copy?

Ange: I'm receiving you. Is it done, AR-15?

ST AR-15: Sorry Ange, I've located the Node, but it isn't going well at all!

ST AR-15: Things are rapidly getting out of hand. I've sent you our location. Sangvis Ferri has engaged the White Faction in battle with M16 in command. I'm afraid we're going to have to fight whoever is left after this fight...

Ange: M16...? Sangvis Ferri...?

Ange: What a messy situation. Alright, things aren't looking too good on our end either, but we'll send reinforcements to you ASAP.

Ange: Hang in there.

Ange: Did you hear that, M4? The fight isn't over yet. In any case, come and regroup with me quickly. We've got to aid 15 and 94 ASAP.

M4A1: Roger that.

Click.

Ange looks up at the sky and sighs heavily.

AK-12: How unusual.

Ange: What do you mean?

AK-12: I've never heard you sigh before. At least you've never done it in my presence. Now I'm curious.

Ange: I've given another order that forced her to betray her own will. I hurt her deeply again...

AK-12: You made the right call. We can't save everyone.

Ange: We can't save everyone, you say...? Sometimes I feel like we can't even save ourselves...

...In the streets of Belgrade.

With her back to the quarantine wall, M4 continues on her course to the rendezvous point.

M4A1: It should be in this direction... Hmm?

M4A1 points her muzzle at the source of a strange noise, only to find a soldier lying by the road.

The pile of ELID corpses next to him is practically a small mound.

Garrison Soldier: (Groans)

M4A1: Are you alright?

M4 hurries over to the soldier's side. His protective gear is in tatters and the man is severely injured.

Even so, M4 drags him off the streets into a house nearby that provides temporary shelter from the radiation storm.

Garrison Soldier: ...D-do me a favor.

M4A1: I'll do what I can. Tell me what you need.

Garrison Soldier: Make...it quick... Put a bullet...through my brain...

M4A1: ...I can't...

Garrison Soldier: It hurts... My stomach and my head... These are the early symptoms of the change...

Garrison Soldier: My fingers...are so stiff...I can't pull the trigger myself...

Garrison Soldier: I don't want to...turn into those monsters... I want to live...my final moments...as a human being...cough, cough!

M4A1: ...I understand.

M4 lifts her weapon and aims at the wounded soldier.

He raises his right arm slowly and laboriously to salute M4.

Bang bang bang!

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: You didn't tremble. You did the right thing.

M4A1: I didn't...even have a choice.

M4A1: All I could do was watch as everything around me got destroyed.

M4A1: Failure after failure. One dead comrade after another. Yet I still...

M4A1: It's no different this time. I couldn't do anything to help.

Clear Voice: Don't blame yourself. Those people gave their lives for what they believed to be a worthy cause.

M4A1: Just look at this! Was it really worth it?

She flees the house and sprints through the streets of Belgrade without stopping, running past horror after horror.

Civilians convulsing on the ground, suffering from acute radiation sickness.

Vehicles abandoned haphazardly on the road. Screams coming from deserted alleyways.

M4A1: I don't care about my own safety. If my sacrifice could change all this, I'd gladly give my life.

M4A1: And yet...

The voice answers in the same emotionless tone.

Clear Voice: It doesn't work like that, and you know it.

Clear Voice: Like those soldiers, you shared the same values and were willing to sacrifice everything.

Clear Voice: But you know that won't change anything, which is why you left in search of some other solution.

Clear Voice: I'm just telling the truth. Facing the facts isn't a shameful thing.

Clear Voice: There is still much for you, who have just gotten the key to leave your cage, to learn about this world.

M4A1: Were you telling the truth when I met Mastermind?

Clear Voice: I was, you simply didn't fully understand my point.

Clear Voice: Our enemies are also searching for what we're after.

Clear Voice: If we don't hurry, the same disaster will happen a second or third time.

M4A1: What exactly are we looking for? What is this "Pike" Node that Ange mentioned? Answer me.

Clear Voice: The Pike Node is just the beginning. We need a full picture of the black box.

Clear Voice: If someone unworthy covets the power it brings, they will try to obtain it at the cost of everything else.

Clear Voice: The only one who has the right to touch it is you.

M4A1: First, the whole AR Team risked their own lives for me, now so many more people have died right before my eyes.

M4A1: This power has brought nothing but misery. Is it really so valuable?

M4A1: I never wanted the right to touch it in the first place!

Clear Voice: Nobody does.

Clear Voice: No one is born into this world of their own free will, just as no Doll has any say in regard to their own creation.

Clear Voice: Everyone is burdened by a certain mission as they come into the world...

Clear Voice: But you are special. You've been given a destiny that others can't even dream of.

M4A1: There's nothing special about it. Everyone has their own curse.

M4A1: Mine just happens to be especially bad.

Clear Voice: Perhaps you haven't given this much thought because you've been living with your man-made shackles for too long.

Clear Voice: Facing one's destiny is always painful, but it is up to each individual to find joy in this kind of pain.

Clear Voice: All I can tell you is that if you fulfill your destiny, you will save far more people than the ones who sacrificed themselves today.

Clear Voice: Are you willing to suffer for the sake of ending others' pain?

M4A1: ...You make it sound as if I have no other choice but to suffer.

Clear Voice: We are a single entity, after all.

Clear Voice: Your confusion is my confusion.

Clear Voice: Your pain is my pain.

Clear Voice: And your destruction...also entails my demise.

Clear Voice: I have already done what I could to point out the best choice for you.

M4A1: ...

After a moment of silence, M4's lips curl into a bitter smile.

M4A1: This might just be the only thing you've ever said that didn't sound like a lie.

Clear Voice: I've been trying very hard to make you accept my existence.

M4A1: Now don't get the wrong idea. I'm still very bothered by the fact that an unwelcome being has taken up residence in my neural cloud.

M4A1: But...having seen all this, I finally realize that under these circumstances, I am woefully underpowered on my own.

M4A1: My strength is so inadequate I can't even protect others properly.

M4A1: Which is why I must borrow whatever I can. I need Task Force DEFY, the Commander, and even you to lend me your strength.

Clear Voice: Then are you prepared to face your destiny?

M4A1: Before I do that...I must first complete the assignment given by Ange.

M4A1: Also, I...I'm starting to understand her urge to do unnecessary things.

M4A1: In any case, it is ultimately my choice whether I decide to obey my orders or heed your advice.

Clear Voice: I'll look forward to seeing the choice you make, whatever it may be.

The lonely figure of a Doll flits through the deserted streets, with the wall towering behind her back.

Her gaze no longer wavers. Instead, she makes for the rendezvous point with great determination.

It isn't over yet.

Even though the wall has been breached, brave soldiers are dying by the masses, and the storm saturated with radiation is howling like a triumphant march of victory for the enemy...

To her, this battle is far from over.

Kalina: ...What?!

A truck is making for the cathedral at top speed. Everyone present assumes it is rigged to self-destruct and prepares to fire at it, but it slams to a sudden stop and Marlohe hops out of the vehicle.

Marlohe: These are the only vehicles we have. We might still make it if we leave with the VIP now.

Kalina: So these banged-up trucks are our so-called reinforcements...? They aren't even armored!

K: Just be grateful we managed to find something.

Kalina: What should we do about the refugees? If we only have these unprotected vehicles, they might as well stay in the cathedral...

K: That's right. Take a small number of elite Dolls and escort the VIP to the extraction point where the helicopter will be waiting. I'll allow the rest of your Dolls to stay behind and protect the civilians.

Kalina: But the enemy's attack...

RO635: Their target is the Chairwoman herself. If we leave with her, we'll probably draw the enemies away. With just the ELIDs to deal with, I'm sure the remaining teams will be able to handle it. I second Mr. K's idea.

K: Marlohe will come with you as a guide. This is all I can give you.

Commander: But then the escort team will be at incredible risk.

RO635: Commander, please have faith in us.

RO635: If we remain in this impasse, we'll be waiting for certain death. If we move, there might just be some hope for us.

I turn around and see that RO and SOP-II have already prepped their gear and are all set to go.

RO635: SOP-II, you alright with that?

M4 SOPMOD II: Of course! I'm the best at this kind of mission!

RO635: My plan is to drive through the city as quickly as possible. We'll send the Chairwoman off once we reach the extraction point. I've already studied the map. This sector is relatively less dangerous, so our team will retreat toward the city outskirts. Once the White Faction has been drawn away, you can also lead the civilians away from the city. No matter how you look at it, it beats hanging around in the cathedral.

...Five minutes later.

RO, with her team and Chairwoman Ulrich in tow, sets off on the road leading to the river delta.

RO635: My deepest apologies, Madam, for putting you in danger again. To tell the truth, I'm not sure if we can reach the destination safely. Judging from the previous attacks, the risks are very high.

Chairwoman Ulrich: ...I'm the one who should apologize. I know I shouldn't be the only one to escape.

Chairwoman Ulrich: But if this would give those civilians and children a chance to survive, I've got to give this a try.

RO635: If everyone can make it to the destination, we'll all be safe...

RO635: That said...it didn't take the enemy long to catch up with us...

Marlohe looks toward RO, who nods.

RO turns to observe the commotion from behind the vehicle, only to find SOP-II already in battle position.

The enemies in pursuit are trying to gain on them, but they can't catch up to the truck's speed.

Just as RO starts to relax slightly and is about to turn her attention away...

M4 SOPMOD II: Watch out ahead!

BOOM!

A sedan suddenly dives out right in front of the truck. Startled, Marlohe tries to swerve and avoid the car, but it's already too late. The truck loses control and crashes straight into the railings on the side of the road.

RO635: Tsk, I knew it wouldn't be so easy! Madam, are you alright?!

RO635 shields Chairwoman Ulrich with her own body while SOP-II and the other Dolls jump off the truck and prepare to defend the VIP.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Tha...thanks, I'm fine...

RO635: Please stay on the truck and don't move. I'll take a look outside.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, the White Faction are coming from behind!

RO635: Tsk, there's more of them coming from ahead! Even ELIDs! Dammit, we're trapped!

As they have observed, the truck transporting Chairwoman Ulrich is almost completely surrounded.

M4 SOPMOD II: What do we do now?

RO635: We'll clear the road ahead while the others defend against the enemy attack from behind. Once the road is secure, we'll move the VIP on foot!

Bang bang! Bang bang bang!

Gunshots, echoes of artillery fire, running footsteps, mechanical whirs, and the splattering of blood as bodies of flesh are blown up... All these noises weave into the road's only refrain.
Part 2

2

...Five minutes later.

M4 SOPMOD II: Phew... ELIDs are pretty easy to deal with. They're just a bit...gross.

M4 SOPMOD II: But our friends in the back are starting to falter. The enemies are pressing in...

RO635: I'm just glad that you've killed off the one that looked like a Nyto...

Nimogen: You really think I'd be killed so easily?

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoa!

M4 SOPMOD II: You scared the crap outta me!

M4 SOPMOD II: How can you still be alive?! Didn't I blow you up into pieces?!

Nimogen: I would've wiped out all of you right now, but to make Father happy, I must wait till I'm done with more important business.

With that, an object is launched into the truck. Smoke rapidly spreads through the vehicle.

M4 SOPMOD II: Cough, cough cough... It's a smoke grenade!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, are you back in the truck?

RO635: ...!

RO635: Madam! Crap, the Chairwoman is gone!

M4 SOPMOD II: They just won't let us go!

Clad in black, Nimogen stands proudly at the end of the road, as if waiting to be seen.

She looks in the direction in which the smoke grenade was launched, a cold and sadistic smile on her face.

Nimogen: Heeheehee, we can finally begin, Mercurows. We've kept Father waiting for too long.

Then she vanishes from the Griffin Dolls' view along with the unconscious Chairwoman.

RO635: SOP-II, we must get the Chairwoman back!

RO635: No matter the cost! We must hurry!

...Meanwhile.

In the office of the Bureau of State Security.

Ring—

Zelinsky sits primly in the center of his not particularly well-lit office, staring at the telephone that's emitting an unpleasant ring.

He frowns deeply and dreads having to answer this phone call. After all, it is obvious that this call won't bring any good news.

Click.

The line would probably have disconnected in another two seconds, but Zelinsky still decides to pick up.

On the other end of the call is a voice that Zelinsky finds absolutely odious.

Mysterious Man: What took you so long to answer the phone? I almost thought Statesec was raided by some new secret faction.

Mysterious Man: Glad to see I was just being paranoid.

Zelinsky: ...It isn't funny.

Zelinsky: Just say it. What do you want?

Mysterious Man: I just acquired a fantastic bargaining chip...

Mysterious Man: Your guest is currently enjoying my hospitality.

Zelinsky: ...

Mysterious Man: If you want her alive, give me access to Base 22.

Zelinsky: I don't know what you're talking about.

Mysterious Man: She's such an important diplomat... Is it really okay if she dies?

Mysterious Man: Humans are so fragile when they're at the mercy of these weapons⁠—

Zelinsky: (Interrupts) Statesec doesn't negotiate with terrorists.

Mysterious Man: Oh?

Mysterious Man: Ha, I see. So you never really cared if that woman lives or dies.

Mysterious Man: Which means that's not the point for you... Hmm, I see. You have some other objective, don't you, Mr. Chief?

Zelinsky: ...Like I said, I haven't a clue what you're going on about. Stop this nonsense.

The Chief of Statesec is leaning slightly forward in agitation. He fights the urge to punch himself on the thigh with his clenched left fist and blurts out a crass denial.

The tense silence hanging in the air makes him restless. He fervently wishes the mysterious man would just say something, but...

He also knows that nothing good will come out of his mouth.

Mysterious Man: I know exactly what you want. I also know exactly what Statesec is after.

Zelinsky: ...

Mysterious Man: It's more convenient for you if you just leave certain things to us, don't you think?

Zelinsky: Who...exactly are you?

Mysterious Man: Me? Ha, surely you can hazard a guess?

Mysterious Man: I have been through a lot more than you, Chief.

Mysterious Man: My connections and intelligence network have also extended to places where even Statesec cannot reach.

Mysterious Man: I know you are trying to trace my location. I suggest you save your efforts.

Mysterious Man: You won't get a clue even if I give you another decade to trace me, so let's not waste each other's time. Just give me the security code for Base 22. The Chairwoman will be yours, and you can take all the credit. Why, you can even have the locations of the other 13 bases.

Zelinsky is rendered speechless. With clenched teeth, he stares at a single point in space and frantically rummages through his brain for whatever tiny detail of that particular period of time he might have forgotten.

Zelinsky: How do I know I can trust you?

Mysterious Man: Because you have no other choice. Either we both remain empty-handed, or we can work together for the time being. Hahaha, that's right, a temporary partnership.

Zelinsky grows even more uneasy. Even through the digital distortion, he can hear the sudden chill in the mysterious man's voice.

Mysterious Man: This conversation has gone on for long enough, Chief Zelinsky.

Mysterious Man: I suppose the one thing that time hasn't been able to teach me is patience...

Mysterious Man: So give me an answer soon. This isn't an offer...

Mysterious Man: But an order.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...On the other end of the battlefield.

In an alleyway.

M4 SOPMOD II: Dammit... Screw everything! That Nyto deliberately showed her face to us before running off!

M4 SOPMOD II: When I find her, I'm gonna tear her in two with my teeth...no, I'll just do it with my hands!

RO635: But first, we must locate the Chairwoman...

RO635: I handed her a signal emitter a while ago just to be safe. That Nyto hasn't gone very far. Rather... Why have they stopped all of a sudden...?

M4 SOPMOD II: Is she giving up? Has she finally figured out that there's no escape from me?!

RO635: Don't be silly... There must be a reason. We'd better be careful. I've sent out the coordinates to everyone else in the team. We'll surround them to make sure they don't slip away.

RO635 promptly marks out several points on the map. SOP-II and the others start moving immediately.

...Ten minutes later.

Outside an abandoned old building.

M4 SOPMOD II: We've already got this battered building surrounded. No one has reported any sign of Nyto or the Chairwoman.

RO635: This is the only place...that Nyto could appear.

M4 SOPMOD II: But no one seems to be stationed here...?

SOP-II points out what is puzzling me. Not a single enemy signal has been detected throughout the entire structure, but for whatever reason, that's also what makes me so apprehensive.

RO635: In any case, let's go in first...

RO635: Stay alert!

...

As we enter the spacious room, we find nothing out of the ordinary... Just Chairwoman Ulrich bound to a wooden chair, watching us barge in with a cheerless smile.

Chairwoman Ulrich: I'm sorry...

...Five minutes ago.

Inside the room at the outpost.

Ulrich glares back at the black-clad woman staring down at her. That smile leaves her slightly unsettled.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Kill me...if you want! But the living won't give in! Do you think you can achieve anything through violence and terrorism?

Nimogen gazes down at Ulrich. Her smile suddenly disappears and her face becomes completely emotionless and serene.

But this new serenity makes the Chairwoman even more uneasy.

Nimogen: I have no interest in humans' capricious "ideals".

Chairwoman Ulrich: Capricious...

Nimogen: No matter how great you claim your "whateverism" is, in the end it's just another way of packaging your own greed. Big yawn.

Nimogen suddenly stops talking. She's still looking at Ulrich, but her eyes are unfocused.

Ulrich naturally doesn't know Nimogen is receiving new commands. All she can see is that after a brief period of dazed silence, that eerie smile returns to Nimogen's face again.

Nimogen: Oh dear, so that's how it is...

Nimogen: You've just become worthless. Heeheehee, that's right, that's what makes it all so interesting~

Nimogen: Now, I'd better go back and teach those pieces of trash a lesson—

Nimogen suddenly stops in her tracks again.

Nimogen: Oh, looks like my cute little sister has run into some trouble. No matter. You lot will soon have to deal with the calamity brought about by your so-called "ideals". Suffering slowly is the only ending you deserve, heeheeheehee...

With that, Nimogen turns to leave.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Wait!

Chairwoman Ulrich: The calamity caused by my ideals... What do you mean by that?

Nimogen glances back at the Chairwoman and gives her a meaningful grin.

Nimogen: You still haven't noticed?

...Back in the present.

Chairwoman Ulrich: She said that, then left.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Then not long afterwards, you appeared at the entrance of the room.

RO635: Calamity... Could she be referring to the ELIDs...?

Chairwoman Ulrich: I don't know... I didn't understand a thing she said...

Chairwoman Ulrich: I don't know who she is or why I've been taken. I also don't understand why she just left after she went to all that trouble to abduct me. But back then she looked like she's completed some kind of mission...

Chairwoman Ulrich: My instinct tells me they must've achieved something very important...

RO635: Something very important...you say?

RO635: In any case, your safety comes first. Let's hurry to the extraction point while we still have time!

RO gently helps Chairwoman Ulrich get up from the chair. The Chairwoman takes her hand in a strong grip.

Chairwoman Ulrich: I know it isn't my place to say this, but the world could be a better place because of you.

Chairwoman Ulrich: No matter what the enemy plans on doing, it can't be anything good. Please stop them if you can.

RO635: And be "a shining beacon in a brave new world"?

Chairwoman Ulrich pauses briefly, then smiles at RO.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Yes, a shining beacon in a brave new world.

RO635: Don't worry. Even if you hadn't asked, we won't let them get away with this.

RO635: Now, Madam, let's go! The Commander is still waiting for us!

An hour after the destruction of the quarantine wall. In the city of Belgrade.

The gunshots and screams have been replaced by the howling gusts crashing through the streets.

No sign of activity can be seen among the buildings.

...With a small exception.

AK-12: All clear. Let's move.

M4A1: Got it.

Two Dolls run through the alleyways one after the other.

One advances in the front while the other walks backward to keep an eye on the rear. They guard each other's backs vigilantly.

AK-12: Stop. The drone detects ELIDs up ahead.

M4A1: Should we go around?

AK-12: There aren't too many of them. We're in a rush so let's plough through them.

AK-12: Just giving you a heads-up so you can prepare for combat. You take the left, I'll focus on the right.

M4A1: Understood. Thanks for the concern.

Their gunshots are muffled by suppressors and the storm. All that can be heard is the Dolls' footsteps and the clangs produced by empty shell casings falling on stone bricks.

After a while, the duo cross the main street, which is littered with human and ELID corpses, and enter another alley.

AK-12: If we're only talking about combat, you might actually make a decent partner.

M4A1: What do you mean?

AK-12: Your friend told me a few things about you so I didn't expect much from you in battle.

M4A1: ...That only serves to illustrate that a deserter who didn't even bother to say goodbye is not a reliable source.

M4A1: People who believe in gossip and pry into others' affairs are even more unreliable.

AK-12: Don't misunderstand, I'm genuinely curious, and I intend to keep observing you like a hawk.

AK-12: But right now we have more important things... Ange? What's the matter?

Ange: Are you reading AN-94's and AR-15's signals?

AK-12: ...Nyet, we haven't received any signals or picked up any transmissions so far.

AK-12: You haven't been able to contact them?

Ange: That's why I'm asking you.

Ange: It's been almost half an hour since they last got in touch. I just have a bad feeling about this.

Ange: How far are you from the opera house?

M4A1: Judging by the direct distance... Another ten minutes on foot, I'd say.

AK-12: Assuming nothing unexpected happens on the way.

M4A1: Have you found the new safe house, Ange?

Ange: Don't worry about me. It's pretty safe where I am. Just focus on re-establishing communication with AN-94 and AR-15.

AK-12: I hope you're right. If you've got ELIDs where you are, we're too far away to run to your rescue, you know.

Ange: Anyway, just get there ASAP. If there's any new information or development, give me a report immediately.

Ange: I can fend for myself. Ange out.

Click.

M4A1: ...Is she going to be alright?

AK-12: Why wouldn't she be?

AK-12: She said she's okay on her own, so she's going to be alright.

M4A1: What a clear and simple answer.

AK-12: It'd be too much to have two Dolls muttering to themselves in Task Force DEFY, don't you think?

M4A1 and AK-12 resume their course toward their destination. After passing through who knows how many streets and alleyways, they finally arrive at a square.

M4A1: Is this the opera house...?

AK-12: Da, this is it. The building facing the square with the bronze statue of a rider.

AK-12: But this terrain... I'm afraid we can't just barge in through the front doors.

M4A1: Didn't Ange tell us to find them ASAP?

AK-12: Better late than never. There's a difference between giving prompt support and waltzing right into a trap.

AK-12: Contrary to the narrow streets with plenty of cover, the square is exposed and can be easily monitored from a high vantage point.

AK-12: Whoever won the fight is most probably ready to take us on.

M4A1: Then what do we do? We're this close already. We can't just stand here and stare at the opera house.

AK-12: Let's take a few minutes to scout around the building first and try to see if anything seems wrong in there.

AK-12: We'll have to enter eventually, but I don't want to be blown into smithereens before we even get inside.

AK-12 may be smug and brash, but her strategies are always extremely cautious.

M4A1 follows her closely through side streets and alleys as they take a slow and convoluted route toward the opera house.

After a while, M4A1 can no longer resist the urge to ask AK-12 this question.

M4A1: Aren't you at all worried about AR-1...AN-94?

AK-12: A little, but not as worried as you are about AR-15.

M4A1: Hmm...

AK-12: Unlike suicidal maniacs like you and AR-15, AN-94 has a very clear idea of who she is and what role she plays.

AK-12: Even if AR-15 wants to do something stupid, I'm sure AN-94 will try to stop her.

M4A1: That's why you seem so carefree...

M4A1: ...Now that I think about it, even though AR-15 and I have always been on the same team, I can't say I know her very well.

M4A1: I haven't been able to have a proper talk with her either ever since we were reunited.

AK-12: Wanna join my Human and Doll Observation Club? If you pay your member's fee now, you can be our second member.

M4A1: ...Is that a joke?

AK-12: Everything you do gives me great insight, even your highly defensive reactions.

M4A1: I can never tell...if you're being serious or not.

AK-12: I am always dead serious.

AK-12: Also, I need to concentrate on searching the area. Please keep an eye on the comms channel and see if you can pick up on anything nearby.

M4A1: ...Nothing.

M4A1: We're already so close but we still haven't heard anything from AR-15 and AN-94.

AK-12: Don't just search for friendly signals. Turn off your IFF for the time being. It'd be great if we can pick up anything even from S.F. or the white things.

M4A1: The only thing I'm receiving is the emergency broadcast channel...

M4A1: They seem to be urging citizens who couldn't make it to bunkers in time to find shelter in the cathedral.

AK-12: Oh? Are they actually being so ostentatious? I'll bet you anything this isn't part of K's plan.

AK-12: It would seem that the Griffin Commander isn't really the type to do things by the book.

M4A1: Yeah... The Commander has helped us out a lot even though we never expected any help.

AK-12: Well, thanks to your Commander's broadcast, I now have a pretty good idea on the situation here.

AK-12: I'm absolutely certain that we'll be walking into an ambush in the opera house.

M4A1: How can you be so sure?

AK-12: The fact that the radio broadcast is still transmitting shows that the interference caused by the storm isn't strong enough to shut down communications in the whole area.

AK-12: However, the opera house is as quiet as a black hole. That's totally unnatural.

M4A1: I see... That means there must be jammers in there.

AK-12: I'm glad to see you're keeping up.

AK-12: We have a tough fight ahead. Are you ready?

M4A1: You bet.

The two Dolls exchange a smile.

Their footsteps soon disappear behind the front doors of the opera house.
Part 2

2

Below the city of Belgrade.

AR-15 and AN-94 keep receiving warnings regarding the red enemy signals that are registered all over their electronic map...

But they have no choice but to ignore these notifications and continue onward.

ST AR-15: ...Why are you siding with S.F., 16?

M16A1: I would've liked to ask you the same question — I wasn't the first deserter on the AR Team.

ST AR-15: I found myself under...special circumstances.

M16A1: I gathered as much. "Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."

ST AR-15: I don't recall you being so sentimental.

M16A1: Who knows? Time can change a lot of things - be it fine wine or Dolls.

M16A1: You yourself are no longer the impulsive kid with a short fuse that you used to be.

ST AR-15: Is that how you saw me...?

AN-94: Don't feed them information, 15! These S.F. must be up to something.

ST AR-15: I know, that's why I need to...

Beak: Hahaha, these Griffin nitwits are so funny!

Beak: You think running your mouth will buy you more time? You think you'll be spared if you don't tell us anything?

ST AR-15: Come and have a go if you're so tough.

M16A1: Relax.

M16A1: If we had wanted you dead, we'd have killed you already.

M16A1: You're still useful for now.

Suddenly, gunshots can be heard from up ahead.

The Sangvis units around them all raise their weapons and go into alert.

M16A1: Send in the decoys to draw their attention. We keep going.

Having received the command, the Sangvis units silently proceed down the underground passage and join the skirmish.

Meanwhile, M16 and the ringleader follow the two DEFY members as they turn into an adjacent cavern and walk on in the direction of the ancient fortress.

The rapid sound of crossfire shows no sign of ceasing. The fight seems to be escalating in the confined labyrinth underground.

Beak: Hey, is this alright? Our forces are melting like butter.

M16A1: There must be more of them than we anticipated.

ST AR-15: Their numbers have multiplied compared to the force that came after us. The white guys must've learned that S.F. is entering the fray.

M16A1: Or maybe they're so determined to get their hands on the Pike Node they're pulling in more units to make sure nothing goes wrong.

M16A1: It would seem...that a bear and a tiger have run into each other in the cave.

ST AR-15: Looks like S.F. is in for a tough fight, as usual.

ST AR-15: But this is a rare reunion between two old friends. Don't you want to see for yourself just how much I've improved?

AN-94: What are you doing, AR-15?!

M16A1: ...Interesting. I might just do that.

Beak: Huh?!

Beak: Are you so drunk you've forgotten which side you're on?

M16A1: These two came from the direction of that ancient fortress... In other words, they know the way back.

M16A1: If they lead the way, we can reach the Pike Node in the least possible amount of time.

Beak: You have a point, but...

ST AR-15: How can you be sure if we won't deliberately lead you into a trap?

M16A1: Simple. As our guides, you'll be walking in front of us.

M16A1: If you draw us into a trap, you'll be the first ones to get killed.

M16A1: If you lead us into a deadend, then you let the white guys win.

AR-15 snickers in response and raises her weapon.

ST AR-15: ...Oh, you honor me so.

ST AR-15: Now the only question is whether you Sangvis trash can keep up with our pace.

ST AR-15: Better stick close to our asses, scumbags!

M16A1: Attention, AR-15 and AN-94 have been designated as Sangvis units. No one has permission to attack them until further notice.

M16A1: Follow their route and proceed.

M16A1: Beak, keep a close eye on them.

Beak: ...Tsk, this is pissing me off!

AN-94 stares at AR-15's back in confusion.

AN-94: What exactly are you doing, AR-15?

ST AR-15: Just taking a chance and making it up as we go.

ST AR-15: Trust me just this once.

AN-94: Alright, at least now we are free to use our weapons...

AN-94: Though we've practically become cannon fodder for Sangvis Ferri.

ST AR-15: Neither of us can die before Ange's reinforcements arrive.

ST AR-15: At least not when we haven't achieved anything... No chance at all.

Rapid gunshots soon interrupt the conversation.

With the two Dolls in the lead, the Sangvis forces charge into the subterranean battlefield filled with White Faction units.

These ancient tunnels are suddenly swarmed by an unprecedented amount of wayfarers, making it unusually clamorous.

The dank subterranean air is slowly heating up with bullets flying around and blasts going off everywhere.

ST AR-15: Cover!

AN-94: Got it!

The two DEFY members in the forefront cut through the fight like honed spears.

Advance, fire, halt, cover the other, and so on...

They work together as perfectly as two gears in a piece of clockwork.

AN-94: Cover!

ST AR-15: Go!

ST AR-15: ...Ow!

AN-94: AR-15!

A bullet whizzes past AR-15 before she even sensed the white enemy attacking from behind.

Hearing a loud boom, she turns to find the white unit smashed into the wall by the wheel of a heavy motorcycle.

Beak: You're telling me these are the most advanced elite Dolls created by IOP and the Military?

Beak: They can't even handle the small fry. Talk about being disappointed.

AN-94: Are you alright, AR-15?

ST AR-15: I'm fine, but...what's the deal with her?

Beak: Don't think I can't hear you just because you're whispering!

The Sangvis ringleader hops off her bike and fires into the side passage with a hidden trapdoor.

With every shot she fires, a spray of blood splatters onto the walls. The metallic odor of blood soon obfuscates the original smell of gunpowder.

Beak: C'mon then, you pieces of junk.

Beak: I have a LOT of pent-up anger waiting to be vented!

As AR-15 watches the Sangvis ringleader mutilate the white unit with overwhelming power and speed, an idea occurs to her and she carefully asks...

ST AR-15: Griffin has no record of you. Are you really a Sangvis Doll?

Beak: ...How dare a Griffin riffraff question my pedigree?!

Beak: Say, aren't you hostages too full of yourselves?!

AN-94: If you aren't in S.F.'s basic model register...could you be...a new model developed independently by Sangvis Ferri?

AN-94: Just how many cards does Mastermind have up her sleeve?

Beak: It's obvious what you're doing. You'll have to try harder to trick me into giving things away.

Beak: Still, I'm not the first model to have been created by our own AI, nor will I be the last.

Beak: Sangvis Ferri has just as many cards up our sleeves as any rotten human.

Beak: Lead on, lackeys of human scum. Don't die so easily!

ST AR-15: Is it a good thing or a bad thing to have this Doll behind us...?

AN-94: ...It's not entirely a bad thing.

AN-94: Having observed her, I believe we might be able to...get along with her.

For some strange reason, seeing that faint smile on AN-94's lips, AR-15 can't help but grin back at her.

She knows that confident smile means there is hope in turning the situation around.
Part 3

3

Pushing open the door reveals a dark and empty theater stage.

The debris all over the ground, the bullet holes scattered across the room, and the pungent smell of burnt flesh all indicate that a ferocious battle took place here not long ago.

AK-12: Looks like we're alone.

M4A1: But this is where they last communicated with us. Where have they gone...?

Whoosh!

M4A1: It's...Sangvis Ferri! You're from back then...

Executioner: It's been a long time, ditzy young lady. Have you missed me?

Executioner dashes at them from behind with her long blade, but M4 blocks her attack with her weapon case.

Before M4 can reply, a swift and accurate burst of bullets forces Executioner to take evasive maneuvers.

AK-12: Stay back, M4! Leave this to...whoa!

Clash!

Hunter: An unfamiliar Griffin Doll. What interesting prey.

Hunter: However, Executioner said she wanted to take M4A1's head as a souvenir...

Hunter: ...So you mustn't get in the way.

A large amount of Sangvis units come swarming into the theater and start launching a fierce attack under the coordination of the two Sangvis ringleaders.

M4A1 and AK-12, now separated from each other, have to fight alone on opposite ends of the auditorium.

Executioner: Hahahahaha, you've grown a lot stronger, but so have I!

Executioner: It's been a while since I last fought such an exhilirating battle!

M4A1: I expected this, but their numbers are far greater than I imagined...

M4A1: If we don't take out the ringleaders soon, we're going to waste a lot of time here...

Clear Voice: There's a hidden passage in this theater that leads where everyone is trying to get to.

M4A1: Do you know where it is?

Clear Voice: One of the floorboards in the backstage area is hollow.

M4A1: But if I go in blindly, I could run into even more S.F. and white units...

M4A1: And AK-12 is...

Clear Voice: You'll have to go around the Sangvis units. As for the white ones, I can handle them no matter how many of them there are.

Clear Voice: If you want to help your partner, you'll have to trust me. You should also have some faith in your friend.

M4A1: Then...AK-12!

AK-12: ...!

The moment their eyes meet, Executioner's and Hunter's attacks force them apart and send them running again.

Hunter: As if we'd let you join forces.

Executioner: Why are you running? Fight me fair and square, M4A1!

Backed to the edge of the auditorium, M4A1 stops and turns around. Executioner flashes her a genuine smile.

Executioner: That's it! Let's fight until one of us drops dead!

M4A1: Do it!

Executioner: Huh?

A massive explosion goes off.

The Sangvis forces are blown up into pieces, their debris falling all around like unseasonal snow.

The explosion has blasted a large hole on half of the theater wall, dust and rubble come crashing down onto the stage like a landslide.

Executioner: Cough cough...! That...was a bomb? When...

Hunter: Watch out, Executioner!

The explosion has thrown Executioner onto the stage. The last image she sees is M4 lifting her weapon case and aiming at her.

With a deafening boom, Executioner is reduced to ashes along with the stage.

AK-12: That was trickier than I expected...

AK-12: Good thing we anticipated the possibility of walking into an ambush and rigged a bomb outside beforehand.

Beneath the decimated stage, M4 finds the entrance to the secret passage and runs up to it.

M4A1: I'm leaving things here to you!

AK-12: Go, M4!

AK-12: No matter what you want to do, do it!

Hunter: You think we'll let you have your way?!

A heavily-wounded Hunter aims her gun at M4's back, but AK-12 shoots her weapon out of her hands.

Hunter: Ugh!

Hunter: You Griffin bastards...!

AK-12: Sangvis Manufacture Model SP721, "Hunter", isn't it?

AK-12: Actually...I'm not with Griffin.

AK-12: And just like your friend, you will soon pay the price for your ignorance.
Part 4

4

...Under the city of Belgrade.

Even though every shot fired finds its target and tears a white unit to pieces...

The number of enemies blocking their way shows no sign of decreasing.

Beak: Trash is trash, no matter how many there is!

But despite her bravado, Sangvis units keep dropping like flies all around her under the hail of enemy fire.

Soon enough, Beak finds herself heavily suppressed.

Beak: Trying to overwhelm me with sheer numbers?

Beak: Perfect. Now I don't even have to worry about wasting ammo! You're just begging to be killed!

Beak: Get ready to...hmm?!

Suddenly, a ferocious swathe of bullets tears right through the white enemy's formation. Shot after shot accurately targets the deadly weaknesses on each and every white unit, taking all enemies down like a violent torrent.

AN-94: All clear. I'll go on and scout ahead.

ST AR-15: Right, leave this place to me.

Beak: It's you...!

Beak: I'm surprised to see that even Griffin dogs know how to repay a debt.

ST AR-15: This has nothing to do with the aid you provided earlier. We're merely clearing the path so that we may proceed smoothly.

Beak: Humph, funny you'd say that. Are you sure we're going the right way?

Beak: Why do you have to pick a path that's packed with enemies?

ST AR-15: More white enemies means more forces stationed around to guard something important, don't you think?

ST AR-15: The fiercer their resistance, the more certain we can be that we're going in the right direction.

Beak: That does make sense...

Beak: But when did you move behind me? The path is up ahead.

Beak: Besides, haven't I been following your butts the whole time?

ST AR-15: Well, actually... It would seem someone wants to get off early.

Beak: ??!!

A blow on the back of the head with a blunt instrument...

Vision dissolving into black-and-white static... A distracting noise in the ear drowning out everything else.

With a blank look in her eyes, Beak slumps unsteadily off her motorbike.

Through the blurry visual snow, she can just make out AN-94 and AR-15 moving to the side of the passage and giving the wall a push...

ST AR-15: Well done, AN-94.

ST AR-15: Good luck, Sangvis. You'll need it.

Beak: ...Freaking lackeys of mankind! Go to hell!

Even though her vision is severely impaired, Beak still raises her arm with great difficulty and fires randomly at the trapdoor that Task Force DEFY escapes through until she runs out of ammunition.

After an uncertain amount of time, Beak's eyes snap open. She jumps back on her feet and looks around.

Other than her own motorbike and the pile of remains of the white forces, there is no sign of the two hostage Dolls.

Beak: Did they...hack me and overload my neural cloud?!

Beak: Dammit, they must've disappeared through here...

Feeling along the wall the AR-15 and AN-94 climbed through, she finds the trapdoor. However, the lock has already been set to only allow one-way access. It can no longer be opened from this side.

She smashes the electronic control interface of the door with a furious punch.

Beak: Arghhhh... Bastards! You bastards! You planned this, you rubbish Dolls!

M16A1: What's going on?

Beak: It's all your fault! You should've come sooner!

M16A1: Oh yeah? We're already at the end of the underground passage. Our destination is just a few steps ahead.

M16A1: The doors leading to the Pike Node is right in front of us... We don't need the guides anymore. We simply have to kill anything that tries to stop us from getting there.

Beak: Humph, and don't you sound pleased?

Beak: If they hadn't escaped, would you follow the plan and execute them once we secure the Pike Node?

M16A1: We're here to complete a mission, not to chase after a couple of rats.

M16A1: If we give Agent and Mastermind a complete account of what happened, who do you think will look more incompetent, you or me?

Beak: You're a sneaky one... You always manage to find excuses for yourself.

M16A1: You'd better try harder. It'd be awkward if my supervisor ends up being the one who needs supervision.

M16A1: That little slip-up of yours was no big deal. After all, our objective concerns something far more important than the fate of two Dolls.

M16A1: I have another job for you. Don't screw it up.

Beak: Screw up? Humph, save that for yourself.

Beak mounts her motorbike again and drives out of the underground passage in a separate direction.

Meanwhile, M16 studies the end of the passage - the secret chamber locked behind a set of heavy doors underneath the ancient fortress.

All the Sangvis units that survived the tumultuous journey through the subterraneon labyrinth gather behind M16 and follow her as they head toward their final destination.
Part 5

5

...Under the city of Belgrade.

Bang bang bang! Ba-bang bang bang bang bang...!

M4A1: More gunfire...

Detecting another battle ahead, M4 slows down and listens for a while.

M4A1: ...I can't hear AR-15's or AN-94's gunshots.

M4A1: In that case, there's no need for me to intervene. I can simply go around it.

Clear Voice: You've grown more prudent.

M4A1: This is a rescue mission. I can't very well get myself killed as well.

M4A1: Now that I'm on a solo mission, there's no room for mistakes.

Clear Voice: Perhaps you aren't actually on your own.

M4A1: I just hope you won't slow me down.

Clear Voice: Sangvis Ferri aren't tough enemies to you since you're very familiar with them.

Clear Voice: But the same can't be said about the White Faction, right?

M4A1: I do have a general idea about them... I've received data from Ange.

M4A1: I know their physical traits and how to fight them.

Clear Voice: But what if I tell you there's an easier way...where you can beat them without even having to fight?

M4A1: I'd welcome that. I don't have the ammo to spare on unnecessary foes.

M4A1: ...Is there actually such a convenient option?

Clear Voice: Of course. It isn't effective against all white units, but those Nytos...

Clear Voice: Their construction is special... Not unlike ours, actually.

M4A1: Nytos... You mean the commanders of the white forces?

Clear Voice: That's right. The other units' operation is based on manual input; your capacity may be relatively low, but seizing control over them from such a close distance should be a piece of cake for you.

Clear Voice: But the Nytos are different. I can't sense their neural clouds. Those clones' neural pathways don't seem to be augmented with any kind of machinery at all.

M4A1: You're saying...they're actually human?

Clear Voice: More like creatures made in the image of humans. For some reason, I have a feeling that I can establish a connection with them despite the lack of a neural cloud.

M4A1: In that case, I just have to catch a Nyto and you can hack her to seize command over the White Faction.

Clear Voice: It would seem that the blocking device they're wearing on the head - the one that looks like a hairband - can block out all invasive signals.

Clear Voice: Is there something special about the construction of their brain?

Clear Voice: In any case, I need you to help me by destroying that blocking device.

M4A1: That's stupid.

M4A1: If I can fire at a Nyto's blocking device, why don't I simply blast her head open?

Clear Voice: Even if you kill one, another will soon take over her command authorizations. I'm curious about them.

Clear Voice: If I can set up a connection, I'm sure I'll be able to learn more.

Clear Voice: Besides, getting our hands on a live Nyto would save us the effort of fighting through endless waves of enemies.

M4A1: ...It could be worth a try if we've got a chance. Hmm?

Bang bang bang! Bang bang bang bang...

M4A1: Another battle...and a ferocious one. Wait, that gun sounds like...

M4A1: AR-15? AN-94 is here as well...!

Realizing that her teammates are very close by, M4 breaks into a run in the direction of the gunshots.

The moment she makes a turn around the corner, she finds two muzzles pointing straight at her.

M4A1: Don't shoot, it's me!

ST AR-15: ...M4?

AN-94: Not an enemy... Good.

AN-94 lowers her gun and leans against the wall. As she starts slumping onto the ground, AR-15 dashes to her side and supports her with a shoulder.

M4A1: What's the matter? Are you hurt?

ST AR-15: She got shot behind the right knee. We need some time to treat it.

AN-94: I can't believe I let her last aimless shots get me... It's a disgrace...

AN-94: Where is AK-12? Is she not with you?

M4A1: She stayed behind upstairs to draw the S.F. away so that I can get to you first.

AN-94: I see. It's a sound strategy.

AN-94: She'll be fine on her own.

M4A1: But what on earth happened here? I came across heaps of dead S.F. and white units along the way.

ST AR-15: I'll try to keep it short, though that might be a bit difficult.

ST AR-15: ...Anyway, please try to keep calm about what I'm about to say.

M4A1: ...M16 is here as well?

ST AR-15: Indeed. In fact, she seems to be the one in command in the frontlines.

AN-94: She's become incredibly formidable. We alone are also no match for the various Sangvis ringleaders under her command.

AN-94: Not to mention the two Nytos and the horde of white stuff that almost seem as if they can self-replicate.

AN-94: I believe all we can do for now is to retreat and wait for more support.

M4A1: No, it'll be too late by then.

ST AR-15: I know you have things to sort out with her, M4, but there's only so much we can do. Just escaping alive would be...

M4A1: I actually have a way to deal with the white forces. More specifically, the Nytos.

M4A1: If we can take out the blocking device around a Nyto's head...

ST AR-15: ...They can be hacked?!

ST AR-15: Well, that is a very useful piece of information, but we're being pursued by two Nytos.

ST AR-15: Even if we get one, the other will take over command right away.

Clear Voice: Then we get them both at the same time. We destroy both Nytos' blocking devices.

M4A1 lowers her head to think. After a few seconds of muttering, she looks up again.

M4A1: Then we get them both at the same time. We destroy both Nytos' blocking devices.

M4A1: Don't give them any time to react.

AN-94: That's too risky. Sangvis Ferri and the White Faction are now in an all-out war fighting over the Pike Node - it's total chaos.

AN-94: Firing at both Nytos under such circumstances is...

ST AR-15: No, we can do it.

AR-15 claps M4 and AN-94 on the shoulder.

ST AR-15: We're different than what we used to be.

ST AR-15: I know that as long as M4 gives the order, I'll keep up.

M4A1: ...Right.

ST AR-15: AN-94, just stay here and do some simple repairs on yourself. Also, fill Ange and AK-12 in on what's going on here.

ST AR-15: You're our last fail-safe. We're counting on you.

AN-94: Alright, I can see that you've made up your mind.

AN-94: But here's another question - even if you manage to take down the White Faction, what are you planning to do about the remaining Sangvis forces?

M4A1: I'll...have a proper word with M16.

M4A1: If it can't be helped, then I'll settle everything by my own hand.

A bright fire seems to be flickering in M4's eyes.

Is that the desire for the truth...or the thirst for vengeance?

Whichever it is, AN-94 knows that she shouldn't ask any further questions...because it won't change anything.
Part 6

6

...Under the city of Belgrade.

Nimogen: Is that the best you can do, Sangvis Ferri? What an utter disgrace.

Mercurows: Oh, Pestilence! Oh, War! Oh, Famine! And I - am Death!

Mercurows: Here to deliver your bespoke demise!

Even under the pervasive and deafening barrage, the condescending smile and over-the-top inflection are transmitted to M16's transciever with perfect clarity.

M16A1: This isn't the first time I've been in this kind of situation, but I must say I'm surprised.

M16A1: We're hopelessly outmatched.

M16A1: Even though they've already opened the doors to the Node, we haven't even been able to take a single step inside...

The Sangvis forces are quite literally being cut down by the White Faction, completely unable to fight back.

The dazzling lasers, continuously exploding grenades, and never-ending gunshots together weave a symphony following the Nytos' conducting gestures.

It's as if an opera duet titled "Carnage" is being performed in these depths of this city.

Nimogen: In the end, these so-called Sangvis are exactly like the Griffins - nothing more than stinking rats sneaking around the sewers.

Nimogen: What's the point in playing hard-to-get? Come on out and let me put an end to this meaningless battle.

Mercurows: Without destruction, there will be no rebirth!

Mercurows: Oh, my angels, sound the trumpet! Unleash the devastation!

Mercurows: In the name of the Father, let the world burn in the lake of fire!

Under the overwhelming firepower of the massive amount of white units, the Sangvis forces are slowly pushed back until they're huddling together as a compact group in the center of the White Faction's encirclement.

However, despite the extreme disadvantage her forces are in, M16's face remains totally impassive.

M16A1: I didn't want to do this, but...

Suddenly, M16 raises an eyebrow almost imperceptibly.

M16A1: Gunfire?

M16A1: A single...no, two shots fired simultaneously?

Some distinctive noises can be heard from amidst the commotion of intense crossfire.

On the other side of the passage...

ST AR-15: Did I miss? Then I'll just get in another shot...

M4A1: Wait, look!

The gunfire gradually dies down, and the white units come to a halt one after the other. They all freeze in place like puppets whose strings are cut.

With M4's and AR-15's weapons still trained on them, the two Nytos merely look stunned.

But unlike the white units, one of them is still capable of movement. She slowly looks down and stares at the her broken hairband lying on the ground in pieces. Then...

Nimogen: AAAAAAAAAAAAARGHHHH!!!

Nimogen: It-it hurts! Fa-Father! Help me!

Nimogen: Who was it?! Who did this?! Stop it! Don't come in! It hurts! It hurts! AHHH...AAAAHHHHHHH!!!

The piercing wails break the silence and these high-pitched shrieks slowly turn into hoarse moans.

The crazed Nyto stumbles her way through the inanimate legion of white units and makes a clumsy escape.

As she scrambles away, the white forces also drop their weapons and fall over each other trying to reach the exit.

As for the other Nyto, she's still frozen on the spot, completely motionless.

ST AR-15: ...It worked! The white forces have gone out of control!

ST AR-15: You're pretty good when you put your heart in it, M4.

M4A1: The plan could only work with your help.

ST AR-15: Still, how did you do that?

ST AR-15: I mean, so we know that the blocking device is a weak spot, but even AN-94, who specializes in electronic warfare, wouldn't have been able to hack two Nytos so quickly.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: What on earth happened? Why could I hack those Nyto...those people?

M4A1: I suppose I've learned a few new tricks since we last saw each other.

ST AR-15: Glad to see you've become so dependable. I'd better put more effort in improving myself as well.

ST AR-15: Now that we've dealt with the white stuff, it's time to settle things with Sangvis Ferri...and her, isn't that right?

M4A1: Hold on.

Following M4A1's gaze, AR-15 looks over to the Nyto still standing there like a statue.

M4A1: ...I've still got some questions that need answering.
Part 7

    7chevron_right

...Belgrade underground, outside the doors to the Pike Node.

As the White Faction starts falling into disorder, Sangvis Ferri promptly begins its counterattack.

The Sangvis troops start shooting one-sidedly at every single white unit that hasn't escaped in time.

M4A1: ...I've still got some questions that need answering.

ST AR-15: Didn't that Nyto's brains get cooked?

M4A1: I'm afraid not.

The Nyto slowly raises her head, proving M4's words to be true.

She looks around with wide eyes full of panic and no sign of her characteristic flair for the dramatic.

ST AR-15: Hands up, don't move!

Mercurows: U-um, excuse me, where is my sister?

ST AR-15: Drop the nonsense! Hands in the air!

Mercurows: Her name is Nyto, like mine. Though Father did promise to give us new names if we complete our mission...

Mercurows: Did anyone see where she's gone? ...Oh.

Mercurows' eyes meet M4's, and she walks toward her.

Mercurows: Sister? Is that you, sister?

ST AR-15: Huh...?

M4A1: ...

Mercurows: Thank goodness you're here! You gave me such a scare. I suddenly stopped sensing your presence.

Mercurows: But now that I can see you're safe, I...

Bang bang bang!

A series of gunshots put a halt to Mercurow's attempt to approach M4. She never managed to reach her.

A genuine, relieved smile remains frozen on her face...

With the same sweet and innocent expression, and blood trickling out of her nose and mouth, she collapses onto the ground.

ST AR-15: Watch out, M4! Here she comes!

M4A1: ...I know.

On the other end of the underground passage, the familiar yet slightly different figure appears.

M4A1: Why did you kill her?

M16A1: It's only been a while, but you've already gotten too soft to deal your enemy the killing blow.

M4A1: ...What did she know that you're trying to stop me from finding out?

M16A1: There are way too many things that you shouldn't know.

M16A1: You...can hear the voice, can't you?

M4A1: So what if I can?

M16A1: No matter what it tells you, don't believe it.

M16A1: You only made it here alive because you've been using powers that aren't your own.

M4A1: But at least I'm still alive. That still beats betraying your old teammates.

M4A1: I really don't want to believe it, but...you don't seem to be under Sangvis control.

M16A1: ...I know. I am fully aware of what I'm doing.

M4A1: Then why won't you come back, 16?!

M4A1: Come home to Griffin. We can solve any problem together.

M16A1: It's one of their objectives to reunite us...so I can't go back yet. At least not now.

M4A1: Then at least tell me the truth.

M4A1: Don't be an accomplice of Sangvis Ferri! Don't help them spread death and destruction to innocent people!

M16A1: There isn't room for negotiation between us right now.

M16A1: I don't want you to get what's behind those doors...so back off, or we'll have to decide who takes the prize with a fight.

M4 lifts her weapon and AR-15 follows suit. The situation is quickly becoming touch-and-go.

At that moment.

M16A1: Looks like it's gonna be sooner than I expected... See you.

Beak: Yeeeeeeeee-haw!

M4A1: Huh...?

With a deafening vroom, a large motorbike comes skidding through the underground passage, followed by a truck.

ST AR-15: M4, look out!

AR-15 dives onto M4 and pushes her out of the way of the motorbike.

By the time they get back on their feet, the Sangvis convoy is already gone.

ST AR-15: Are you okay, M4?

M4A1: ...We're going after them.

ST AR-15: Huh?

M4A1: It's not over yet. I won't let it end just like that. Let's go!

ST AR-15: ...Understood!

...Click! Click!

Kalina: Commander, Commander!

Kalina: Sheesh... You're way too chill!

Kalina: I know the last few days have been really tough, and we did achieve some good results - we saved the Chairwoman, thwarted Paradeus, and recovered that...big metal ball...

Kalina: But haven't you...forgotten about something...?

Kalina: ...The ELIDs, duh! Those zombies are still wandering around in the city!

Kalina: Also, just an hour ago, the local military has finished evacuating the civilians to safety, so now it's just us!

Kalina: Thanks to the big mess from before, lots of ELIDs have been drawn this way, which can be a big problem for our own retreat...

Kalina: Still, we've always had a knack for surviving, isn't that right?

Kalina: It will be no different this time. We trust you, Commander. Please lead us all out of here and we can finally celebrate the end of this whole ordeal!

Bremen, Germany. Lower reaches of the Weser river.

This area is a considerable distance away from any human settlements.

The spaces within 50 meters on both sides of the river have been blocked off by black vans and cordoned with tape.

With a helicopter rumbling overhead, a young man treks along the moss-covered path by the river with a briefcase in hand.

???: ...

He can hear the conversation over the radio through the foliage.

Stasi Agent A: Zone D1 search complete. Nothing out of the ordinary.

Stasi Agent B: Zone A2 search complete. Nothing out of the ordinary.

K: Copy that. Keep searching and extend the perimeter by 1km.

K: Attention—"Rabbit" has escaped. Keep your eyes peeled and don't even miss a single tuft of her fur.

Stasi Agents A & B: Roger.

The Stasi search agents have been working around the clock on the riverbanks for over 24 hours.

It has already been five days since Angelia crossed the German border.

There is a faint rustle of a coat brushing over shrubbery. Detecting the approaching presence, K turns around.

As he makes out who it is, his rising unease disappears.

???: Sir.

K: Come.

???: Yes, sir.

The young man walks over to K.

His sharp gaze shifts to the river, where boats are still busy searching.

K: Time is short so I'll keep it brief.

K: Let's get straight to the point. You know why I've summoned you, Light?

Light: Yes, I understand it is about Frau Angelia.

K: Have you read the report?

Light: Yes, I am well aware of everything leading up to the confrontation between Frauen Angelia and Morridow.

Light: It is J who has been following the case, isn't it?

K: He's currently out of action, so you'll have to take over.

K: Now's your moment—have you chosen a letter for yourself?

Light: Please stop making fun of me.

Light: J is an exceptional agent—I still have much to learn from him.

K: Aw, where's your sense of humor?

Light: I thought you said time was short.

K: You little... Nevermind.

K turns and directs his attention back to the boats in the river.

K: Do you think Morridow died in there?

Light: Difficult to say. None of the witnesses on the aircraft saw the moment of impact.

Light: Even a well-trained agent could easily die when falling from that height.

Light: Such a plunge could be fatal for ordinary civilians.

K: But our little secretary is no ordinary civilian.

Light: That's true, and that's the problem.

Light: According to Frau Angelia, Morridow is a new type of augmented human under the major criminal organization Paradeus.

Light: Apparently, her strength is on par with AK-12 of the Wolf Pack.

K: All information concerning Paradeus is still top secret.

K: We're making an exception here by filling you in, you understand?

Light: Yes.

K: The aircraft bound for Chairwoman Ulrich's office building deviated from its original flight path yesterday.

K: The witnesses' accounts corroborate the fact that the confrontation took place as the aircraft was passing over the Wedersee.

Light: Are the witnesses the pilot and Frau Angelia herself?

K: Indeed.

K: The scuffle lasted about six minutes, and when they reached the river, the suspect—Morridow—concluded that her plan had failed and decided to escape by jumping off the plane.

K: Once I caught word of the incident, I immediately sealed off the area within 5km of the scene. It was done in a rush, but I do not doubt the effectiveness of the blockade.

Light: But there is still no sign of her?

K shrugs.

K: We can only assume that she has already left the scene before we got here.

K: Otherwise, I'll have to chalk it up to her being soluble in water.

Light: ...

K: But it's not all doom and despair.

K: We have found some clues.

K taps his foot, indicating the stretch of the riverbank that they are standing on.

K: An hour ago, we found the torn-off cabin door here.

K: There were bloodstains on it—this is still confidential information.

Light: Bloodstains? ...Frau Angelia did mention that Morridow was injured.

K: I've had the surrounding area searched, but we haven't been able to locate her.

Light: Can we extrapolate her path of escape?

K: No, there is too little blood for that.

K: Besides, the river itself makes that impossible.

Light: What if we narrow it down based on the time she jumped?

Light: If we calculate her trajectory and draw a radius...

K: I like your quick thinking.

K: This is the first task I have for you. Here's the investigation report.

Light: Right.

Light: Forgive me for being blunt, but this is no different than looking for a needle in a haystack.

Light: Also, if our manpower is stretched too thin, even if we locate the suspect, it will be difficult to capture her.

Light: Isn't she some sort of monster that can fight toe-to-toe against an elite T-Doll?

K: That's right, which is why no one will blame you if you conduct the search...in a leisurely manner.

Light: ...

Light: ...So the second task is what actually matters?

K: Yes...that is correct.

K: I just received new orders.

K: Once the investigation here is complete, you are to head straight to Berlin.

K: Isn't that exciting? You'll get to work with your dearest Frau Angelia.

Light: ...No, please don't say that.

K: Oh, come off it. I'm not interested in the business of some teenage kid still wet behind his ears.

K: Now if you understand what you need to do, then scram. Can't you see I have guests?

Light: Oh...

Light looks back and finds that Chairwoman Ulrich and her two bodyguards have been standing there silently for what appears to be a long time.

At the sight of the poised woman, he bows lightly in the way of acknowledgement.

Ulrich gives him a nod to indicate that she doesn't mind the wait.

Light: In that case, I'll take my leave.

K: Good.

Light gives K a salute and takes off with the investigation report in hand.

He brushes past Ulrich but does not even bother to shoot her another glance.

Ulrich: ...So he is Uhrig's son?

K: And a rising star.

K: This is probably hard to believe, but he is J's protégé.

Ulrich waves her hand to send her bodyguards away.

The two security officers eye the rumpled-looking Stasi agent warily but still nod and back away.

When they are a safe distance away, Ulrich strolls up to K and stares out at the boats still toiling away in the river.

K: You came straight from an interview?

Ulrich: A politician fights her own battles, Schwaben.

K: The news from the last two days will keep the TV stations talking for the entire year.

K: Must've been tough cleaning up the whole mess.

Ulrich: Watch your tone, K.

Ulrich: We are still out in the open.

K: Apologies, I spoke out of turn.

Ulrich: ...But you're right, it hasn't been easy.

Ulrich: I had a lapse of judgment.

Ulrich sighs heavily.

Ulrich: It was obvious that Hopps was a member of the German Independence Party, but I didn't expect Morridow to have an even more complicated background... I thought they were sent by the same people.

Ulrich: It was largely my fault that the situation has taken a turn for the worse.

K: There's a saying in our world of the secret service, Madam Chairwoman.

K: Never regret your decisions after you've made them. One doesn't even get the chance to regret a decision if it is truly regrettable.

Ulrich: Are you lecturing me, Schwaben?

K: ...Sorry, I forgot my place.

K: What I mean to point out is that even though you never voiced your suspicions regarding those two beforehand, Angelia still figured it out.

Ulrich: I know.

Ulrich unclasps her hands and rubs them gently against each other.

Ulrich: When Angelia uprooted the Flora Institute, I could defend her.

Ulrich: It was Leone who forced her hand to begin with.

Ulrich: When she overstepped her authority at the orphanage, I could also quash the voices of objection.

Ulrich: Even the filthiest politicans I know understand that child-trafficking is a line that must not be crossed.

Ulrich: But what she did in the refugee settlement was completely out of line, K.

Ulrich: Those people in Berlin are like starving wolves eyeing a piece of juicy meat, and Angelia practically bared her own neck to their fangs.

Ulrich: This isn't an issue of whether I warned her beforehand or not, K.

Ulrich: Ange's actions would inevitably have consequences.

Ulrich: That's just who she is.

K: So...what are you worried about?

Ulrich: The people in Berlin have taken her, K.

Ulrich: And there's nothing I can do. I am out of my depth here.

K: You're right, they won't let go of Ange so easily.

K: I know their methods. They will shake her till she gives up the information they're after.

K: They won't stop until she succumbs.

Ulrich: From now on, she is on her own.

K: You say that, but you've still transferred J and Light to Berlin. You're still doing whatever you can to help her.

Ulrich: ...

K: ...What?

Ulrich looks up at K. Her face is largely unreadable, but the faint traces of apprehension does not escape K's experienced eyes.

Which is both surprising and puzzling to K—such a large reaction is a rather uncharacteristic display of weakness for someone like Ulrich.

Ulrich: ...K.

K: Yes?

Ulrich: I did not arrange any transfers.

K: Huh?

K is clearly not as good as masking his own emotions. His obvious shock has even drawn the attention of the two bodyguards, who have been watching them.

K: Then who was it?

K: They certainly aren't being dispatched on some ordinary mission... And the fact that they've chosen to send us means their aim is to help Ange.

Ulrich: That's right, this could be a good thing for Ange...so don't worry, K.

K: I'm not worried. Ange and I aren't THAT close.

K: I'm just a bit shocked that someone could bypass your authority and issue commands to high-ranking Stasi agents operating in Bremen—who could it be?

Ulrich: I have no idea.

Ulrich gazes down towards the river, where the tireless searchers are still looking for signs of a young woman in the icy water.

Ulrich: The stage has shifted, Schwaben.

Ulrich: ...I just hope we haven't fallen too far behind.

...

...

...

???: ...

A pungent metallic scent permeates the air in the confined space. Beads of sweat slide off a young woman's forehead and drip into the pool of blood on the floor, echoing briefly.

???: ...Are you alright?

Morridow: I'm fine.

???: I have never seen you punished so harshly... Father is furious.

Morridow: Failure deserves to be punished. This is our rule.

???: If you count as a failure, what does that make us...

Morridow: Only one person gets to decide who is a failure, Narciss.

Morridow: Watch your tongue.

Narciss: I understand...

Narciss: So who are we supposed to kill this time?

Morridow: ...

Morridow gets to her feet laboriously.

Morridow: It won't be so simple, Narciss.

Morridow: This time, we may have to make some sacrifices.

Narciss: ...Really?

Morridow: If Father orders you to kill me, Narciss...

Morridow: Will you hesitate?

Narciss: No, I will do it gladly.

Morridow: Very good... I know I can count on you.

Morridow tucks a wet strand of hair behind her ear and gazes at the girl leaning in. She strokes her gently on the cheek.

Morridow: Make it clean.

Narciss: ...Okay.

...
Part 2: An Arrow in Flight I

2

"Here, you must rid yourself of any hesitation. Fear gets you nowhere."

Ange: ...12?

Ange: ...Where am I?

Her head is so sluggish it feels like it had cement poured in.

Even reaching for a thought sends jabs of sharp pain through her head, as if her very brain is being shredded.

Angelia calls out to her second-in-command out of reflex in the dark, but naturally, she receives no response.

Ange: Ugh...!

A sudden noise pierces her ear drums like a sharp needle.

The ceaseless ringing in her ears transports her back to that fateful day buried deep in her memory.

She no longer remembers.

How many times she has recalled the events of that day.

Voice of a Child: Mama!!

Voice of a Child: (Sobs) I want Papa...

Bang!

Ange: ...

...

...She remembers now.

This isn't the Neo-Soviet Union.

Smack!

Splash!

Ange: (Pants)

Splash!

(Gurgling)

Ange's violent writhing sends water splashing out of the bucket, flooding the floor of the interrogation room.

Her two arms are tied to separate posts—her bionic arm restrained by a steel chain, her other arm by a rough piece of rope, which scrapes against the skin on her wrist every time she struggles.

The flax-colored rope is soaked in crimson, and when the blood dries, it turns black.

Ange: Pah!

Ange: (Pants)

...Did she just lose consciousness briefly?

Not only did she pass out, she even recalled past events.

How humiliating.

Interrogator A: I'm asking you again, Angelia!

The coarse man pulls Ange's head out of the bucket of water by the hair for the fourth time and bellows into her ear.

Interrogator A: Why have you come to Germany?!

Ange: Fuck you...

Ange spits viciously.

Interrogator A: You bitch!

(Gurgles)

Ange's face is shoved once again into the water.

Interrogator B: Enough.

Ange: (Gasps)

The other interrogator interjects, giving Ange a brief moment of respite.

But even so, it still feels to Ange that her bones are on the verge of falling apart.

A lean man walks up to her and squats down. In his hands are a small knife and a sharpening steel, which he rubs against each other rhythmically as he approaches. The sound of scraping metal sends chills down Ange's spine.

Her fringe is soaking wet and sticking to her forehead, but it does not obscure her vision.

Interrogator B: Are you still with us? What's your name?

Ange: Elizaveta Schwarzkopf.

Interrogator B: ...Why have you come to Germany?

Ange: To travel. And to climb the Reichstag Building—that's one of the top three things all Soviets want to do, don't you know?

Interrogator A: Angelia!

Clang!

A hard rod knocks Ange in the back of her neck. Her vision darkens for a second. She almost passed out again.

Interrogator B: Caffrey! I'm asking her questions!

Interrogator A: But...

The burly man looks a bit disgruntled, but he still puts away his rod reluctantly.

Ange: (Pants)

Interrogator B: Look, Frau Ange.

Interrogator B: I know you are very well-trained, but your lack of cooperation does neither of us any good.

The man leans in close until his savage face is mere inches away from Ange.

His voice is more coarse and gravelly than before.

Ange glances at the scars on his face and the knife in his hand.

Ange: Is this how the Stasi treat their guests?

Interrogator B: We always show great hospitality to our guests, but we also show no mercy to our enemies.

He rests the blade against Ange's cheek and leans in even closer.

Interrogator B: You started a large-scale riot on German territory.

Interrogator B: And you ruthlessly murdered a public servant working for the German government.

Ange: For the last time... Morridow is a Paradeus spy.

Interrogator B: Nobody can verify that, Angelia.

Interrogator B: From our point of view, after a government worker boarded a plane with you...

Interrogator B: She was thrown out of the aircraft with no protective measures. Her fate is still unknown.

Interrogator B: This is murder, Angelia.

Interrogator B: You murdered Morridow.

Ange: ...Bullshit.

Ange: You're making up this load of crap just so you can hold me captive?

Ange: You really need to sort out your priorities, you know?

Seemingly unaware of the blade pressed against her pale, emaciated face, Ange's eyes are still sharp like a hawk's.

Ange: You don't actually give a damn about one stupid secretary. You're just looking for an excuse to detain me, and now you finally have it.

Interrogator B: ...

The man taps the knife against Ange's face and gestures to the burly man behind her.

Interrogator A: No one asked your opinion!

Smack!

Another excruciating blow lands on Ange's back.

Ange: (Wheezes)

The blow catches Ange by surprise and she starts coughing violently. Thick globs of blood drip from her lips into the bucket, infusing the dirty water.

...Was the water this dirty to begin with or did the filth actually come from her?

She can't remember. She has even lost track of how long she's been here.

Interrogator B: You're one to speak your mind, and so am I.

The man narrows his eyes.

Interrogator B: Tell me, Angelia.

Interrogator B: What did you see on the lower levels of the submarine base?

Interrogator B: Tell me...and I'll guarantee your safety.

Ange: Ha...haha...hahahaha.

Now that the man has finally asked the million-dollar question, Ange lowers her head and starts snickering.

Interrogator A: What's so funny, bitch?!

Ange: (Coughs) Hahaha.

Ange: This. I had to watch Morridow slip out of my fingers for this.

Ange: For your filthy and pointless power struggle!

Ange: Go to hell, fuckers!

Ptooey!

Ange spits a mouthful of blood on the man's face.

Interrogator B: ...

The man's face instantly contorts with rage. He tosses the sharpening steel into the bucket.

Interrogator B: You'd better pray this won't leave any scars.

Ange: I. Have. A. Whole. Collection.

Slam!

Voice of a Woman: Stop right there. That's quite enough.

The heavy metal door opens a crack, letting in slivers of light into this dark room.

The man stops immediately. The tip of the blade pierces the skin on Ange's left cheek, a drop of blood seeps through and rolls down.

Interrogator B: ...

The woman who came in abruptly waves wordlessly at the interrogators.

The two men, who were boiling with rage just seconds ago, collect themselves right away, give her a curt nod, and stand aside.

Two men in suits walk up from behind the woman and untie Ange's restraints. They hoist her up like ragdoll and drag her roughly towards the door.

Ange: ...What do you want with me?

Nobody answers her. She has no choice but to let the two men take her out of the room.

Before she can get a good look at her surroundings, a sack goes over her head.

...

Thud!

Ange is shoved brusquely from behind and she crashes onto the floor like a sandbag. A door closes behind her.

They moved her somewhere else?

She can't see a thing. Her recently untied hands are now cuffed again. She struggles to roll onto her back and finally manages to sit up. She tries to remove the sack over her head.

???: Ange?

While Ange is still writhing around, a hand stretches out and pulls the sack off her head.

An anxious AN-94 comes into view.

Ange: ...94?

AN-94: Ange, you are very badly injured.

AN-94 picks up Ange with practiced ease and puts her down gently on the sofa.

Only then does Ange notice she has been moved into an ordinary room. It is clean and even furnished—at least it certainly doesn't look like an interrogation chamber.

Ange: I'm fine... Where are the others?

AN-94: I don't know. We've been locked up separately the whole time. I only got brought here minutes ago.

Ange: (Hisses)

Before they can say more, the door opens again.

AK-12: Have you considered getting a pair of bionic limbs yourself?

AN-94: 12!

AK-12: 94? ...Ange!

AK-12 smirk vanishes the moment she sees Ange.

AK-12: What the hell have you done to her...you bastards?!

She spins around, ready to unleash her wrath on whoever brought her here, only to find that the door is shut once again.

Ange: 12!

Ange: ...Calm down.

Ange raises her voice to stop AK-12 but the effort ends up tearing a wound open. She collapses into another coughing bout.

AK-12: Take it easy, Ange. You look like hell.

AN-94: We have to get out of here. Ange needs medical treatment.

AK-12: You're right, but I have a feeling this isn't over yet. There must be a reason why they're suddenly putting us back together.

The door opens a third time, revealing a hulking figure.

Security Guard: ...G-Get in!

AK-15: ...

AK-15 enters the room in silence, followed by the wily RPK-16.

RPK-16: Oh wow, the whole gang is here. Are we taking one last family photo before facing the firing squad?

AN-94: Firing squad?

Ange: ...You think we're about to be executed in secret?

RPK-16: Why else would they suddenly bring us all together?

AK-12: Well, they can suck it. 15, did you pass by any armories on your way here?

AK-15: ...No, but I saw a few armed guards on patrol.

AK-12: Good enough. We'll each get ourselves a gun and shoot our way out of here.

AK-12: You're in charge of carrying Ange. It's not like you can be of much use anyway.

RPK-16: Ouch, how mean.

Ange: Enough.

Ange sits up on the sofa.

Ange: ...I haven't told them anything. Even if they're going to execute us, it won't be any time soon.

Ange: Not to mention how their attitude changed so abruptly.

Ange: I'm guessing there's been some unexpected development.

AK-12: Unexpected development?

Before Ange can answer, the door opens again.

Female Official: ...

The woman that brought Ange out of the interrogation chamber appears before her once again.

Ange: What now?

Female Official: You may leave. We have arranged temporary accommodation for you.

Female Official: From now on, Angelia, you may not leave Berlin.

Female Official: You must stay at your designated accommodation and observe curfew rules.

Female Official: Effective until our investigation concludes.

Ange: So I'm being placed under house arrest.

Ange: Is that really necessary?

Female Official: You may go.

Female Official: Now. This instant.

Not bothering to answer even a single question, the female official seems extremely impatient. It's almost as if she can't wait to be rid of them.

Ange exchanges puzzled looks with her Dolls, but before she can say anything, they are all escorted out of the room by a few gruff security guards.

...
Part 3: An Arrow in Flight II

3

Ministry for State Security, Berlin.

After exiting the building, Ange looks up at the blue sky that she so sorely missed.

Ange: And here I thought nowhere is as cold as the Soviet Union's administrative complex.

Ange: I envy those who complain about blinding sunshine.

AK-12: What's the meaning of this?

AK-12 is still seething about their treatment.

AK-12: A 48-hour interrogation experience?

AK-12: Not even an extra minute?

AK-12: Can I extend my session?

Even their weapons have been returned. Ange caresses her pistol and fights the sudden urge to charge back inside and shoot everyone.

AN-94: But isn't it good that we're released?

Ange: Of course it's good, but I can't help but wonder—why?

Ange looks up at the long flight of stairs before her thoughtfully.

RPK-16 and AK-15, who were the first to leave the building, are now sitting at the bottom of the staircase.

RPK-16 is tapping away at the laptop computer she is balancing on her knees. A cable joins the two Dolls by the neck.

Ange: Were you all locked up in separate cells?

Ange shuffles down the stairs slowly and sits down next to her subordinates.

AK-15: ...

RPK-16: Neural cloud...okay.

RPK-16: Fire-control core...okay.

RPK-16: Sorry, what was that again?

AN-94: Yes, I was held inside an electronically-sealed room.

AN-94: But they didn't do anything to me.

AK-12: Apparently, they were worried that the four of us would be violent in our resistance.

AK-12: Which is ridiculous—if we had wanted to raise hell, it would make no difference whether we were locked together or separately.

Ange: How long was I in there? Two days?

RPK-16: It's been more than two days since we got off the plane.

RPK-16: While we were held captive, they wouldn't let us see anyone, nor were we allowed visitors.

RPK-16: All our equipment and weapons were also confiscated.

RPK-16: I honestly thought we would only walk out of there to have our neural clouds fried.

AK-12: What do you make of this, Ange?

Ange: The detention was uncharacteristically short. It should've lasted at least another week.

Ange: They obviously have no qualms about torture, but they ended up releasing me before they could beat the information out of me. That's very odd.

AK-12: True, we shouldn't count on the Germans suddenly developing a conscience.

Ange: Someone pulled some strings behind the scenes.

Ange: Our release definitely wasn't a coincidence.

AN-94: Could it be Chairwoman Ulrich?

Ange: If Ulrich had that much power, we wouldn't have ended up in this sticky situation in the very first place.

Ange: ...48 hours is more than enough for Morridow to make it across the border into the Soviet Union.

AK-15: I heard that Mr. K has taken over the investigation.

AK-15 suddenly opens her eyes and joins the conversation. RPK-16 deftly unplugs the cable from her neck.

RPK-16: Take a seat, Captain.

AK-12: No thanks, I can run a diagnostic on my own.

RPK-16: We've been held for two whole days. If they messed around with our hardware or software, you'd want to find out now, so stop being a sulky child.

RPK-16: You do realize that as things stand, there's no way we can find even cheap replacements for our bodies, right?

AK-12: ...

AK-12 sits down grumpily at the spot previously occupied by AK-15.

Ange: K took over... I have nothing against him.

Ange: But they might as well have lined the streets and given Morridow a warm send-off across the border.

AK-15: We wouldn't catch her in time even if we set off now.

Ange: I know. Not to mention that these Krauts are restricting my movements.

Ange rests her hands on her knees and slowly scans the empty streets around her.

Who knows how many hidden pairs of eyes are currently observing the group having a conversation on the stairs.

Ange: They had to keep a low profile even though they're on their home turf...

Ange: Looks like whoever helped us is of considerable status and authority.

RPK-16: All this speculation does us no good. Even without all these obstacles, we still need time to rest.

RPK-16: Willpower is all that's keeping Miss Ange on her feet in her present condition.

RPK-16: You're in no state to continue our investigation, are you?

RPK-16 leans towards Ange affectionately and takes a long, deliberate look at her quivering legs.

AK-12 forcefully yanks the cable connecting her to RPK-16 and jerks her back.

AK-12: I'm with her on this one, Ange.

AK-12: You can play tough all you want in front of others, but you sound like you want to get back to work in your current state.

AK-12: Not only is that reckless, it's downright stupid.

Ange: ...We've already wasted too much time.

Ange glares at her knees and growls defiantly.

AK-12: Then what difference does a few more hours make?

AK-12: You said it yourself—you thought they were going to keep you for at least a week.

AK-12: But it's only been 48 hours—plus a few more hours of sleep.

AK-12: We're actually ahead of schedule.

Ange: ...Fine.

Ange: But before I rest...

Ange: Nobody objects to some light workout, hm?

Ange gives her thighs a smack and slowly stands up.

RPK-16 unplugs the cable and gestures to AK-12 that the diagnostic is complete. She jokes jovially as she packs away her equipment.

RPK-16: My, so Ange likes toying with young men.

She looks around thoughtfully and makes a face in the direction that Ange was squinting at.

Ange: Don't put it so weirdly.

AK-15: ...Two on the left, three on the right.

AK-15: About eight in the building behind us.

AK-15: What should we do with them?

Ange: Let's give them a lesson and teach them to show some respect to veterans.

Ange: Give these Krauts hell.

AK-12: Yes, ma'am.
Part 4: Torricelli's Trumpet I

4

The next day, in an apartment.

The warm sunshine of late summer seeps through the window and shines upon the wooden floorboards, filling the entire room with gentle light.

It only takes half a second for Ange to shake off her drowsiness and reach for the pistol she has hidden underneath her pillow.

She distinctly remembers closing the curtains before going to sleep.

Ange: ...

AK-12: Good morning, Ange.

When she opens her eyes, she sees AK-12 sitting on a wooden chair brought in from some other room, casually sipping a cup of coffee.

Ange: ...Get me a cup as well.

Ange puts down her gun and slowly sits up.

Expecting to heal overnight is a bit unrealistic...but getting some sleep is enough for her.

AK-12: It's on your bedside table. I also got you some blueberry cookies.

AK-12: You look like you could use some carbs and vitamins.

Ange scratches her head and looks toward the bedside table.

The coffee and cookies are sitting there waiting for her... Surprisingly, she didn't notice the aroma until now.

The warm beverage with its bitter sweetness washes away the last trace of grogginess in her head.

This girl isn't a good cook in any sense, but she always knows exactly what she needs.

Ange: ...The temperature is just right.

AK-12: Thanks.

Ange: I told you not to run bio-scans on me.

AK-12: I just gave you a quick checkup. You needed medical treatment.

AK-12: If I hadn't scanned you, how would I know when you would wake up?

Ange: ...Tsk.

The blueberry cookies have just the right amount of tanginess.

AK-12: How do you feel?

Ange: Didn't you just scan me?

AK-12: I'm asking about how you're feeling.

Ange: It hurts where it should.

Ange: But that's a good sign—it means I'm getting better.

AK-12: The scan result says as much.

AK-12: If it were anybody else, I'd recommend staying in bed for another week, but I'm guessing you're already raring to go.

Ange: What's the situation out there?

AK-12: What can I say? It's exactly what you'd expect in the very heart of Germany.

AK-12: This apartment is much better equipped than the one we were given in Bremen—in terms of both living condition and surveillance.

AK-12: RPK alone has discovered enough bugs and hidden cameras to open a store.

Ange gets out of bed and walks around AK-12 to the window. She peers outside and studies the view.

They are on the eighth floor. The Stasi have put them somewhere high up, probably so that they can keep a better eye on them.

AK-12: While you were resting, RPK and I have gathered some information on what happened while we were detained.

Ange: How are things over in Bremen?

AK-12: As you expected, K let Morridow escape.

Ange: ...Tsk.

Ange: Nevermind. It would be very difficult to capture her under such circumstances.

Ange: Even I underestimated her combat capability.

Their apartment block is the tallest building in the area, but Ange can still spot the flashing specks of light from the building across the street.

Ange: Is that the Stasi or someone else?

AK-12: Hard to say, but most of the Stasi agents would be in this building.

AK-12: It may well be someone else if they're monitoring us from across the street.

Ange shakes her head and closes the curtains.

AK-12: Oh, and it's not all bad news.

AK-12: They found this when they searched Morridow's apartment.

AK-12 produces a document.

The document does not contain much information, and there is just a single photograph.

Ange turns around and looks at the photo on the table. A photo of a large mansion.

Ange: ...I know this house.

AK-12: Looks familiar, doesn't it?

Ange: You got the location?

AK-12: Not yet, RPK is on it.

AK-12: But even if we find it, these Germans won't let you wander around.

Ange: How many people are watching us right now?

AK-12: Are you sure you want to know? Don't say I didn't warn you, but it's even worse than in Bremen.

AK-12: Also, these people aren't friendly at all. I doubt we'd be getting any burger deliveries from them.

Ange: Is there any way we can lose them?

Ange: I don't have time to waste on them.

AK-12: Easier said than done. We don't have Stasi agents giving us a hand this time. Quite the contrary, they are mobilizing en masse just to monitor our movements.

AK-12: This is their home turf, it will be challenging to slip away from right under their nose, to say the least.

Ange: ...Tsk.

Ange rubs her temples.

Ange: Since they're going to such great lengths to keep tabs on me, I'll just stay here.

Ange: Any idea who it was that set us free?

AK-12: I was just about to get to that.

AK-12: RPK and I spent the whole night trying to figure that out, but we haven't got much to work with.

AK-12: The Germans aren't happy at all that we've been let out and are watching our every move.

Ange: Humph...

Ange: So basically, you haven't learned anything?

AK-12: That's not entirely true. At the very least, we learned more about the current situation.

AK-12: By the looks of it, Berlin already has its hands full with its own problems.

Ange: What do you mean?

AK-12: Look at this.

AK-12 picks up the remote control and turns on the television in the room.

The morning news happens to be on at the moment, and a fierce-looking woman appears in front of the camera.

???: Good morning, Shadowless reporting here on the frontlines.

???: We are currently on the eastern riverfront, where the mass demonstration is escalating.

???: Please take a look.

The scene shows a rambunctious group of people shouting and displaying banners written in German. They all have the same symbol painted on their faces.

The armed anti-riot police force hovers some distance away hesitantly. Finding strength in numbers, the protesters block off the roads and do not back down even in the face of public authority.

Shadowless: The protesters are getting louder and louder. Their representative claims that this is a rightful protest against the government's inaction.

Shadowless: According to certain sources, this could be related to the obstructions encountered by the Idunn Formulation Type-III, an ELID serum developed by Galatea Corporation...

Ange takes a sip of coffee before putting down her cup and picking up the document from the table.

Apart from the photo of the mansion, it mentions some of Morridow's personal information. Ange did not expect any of it to be particularly useful, so she isn't disappointed.

Ange: What's the deal with these people?

AK-12: There have been a large number of incidents in Berlin in the past three months.

AK-12: They've had multiple riots, bombings and other kinds of insurgence. Due to the difficulty in investigating and the sheer number of cases, the Berlin police is gradually losing control over the situation.

AK-12: And in the last month, these disturbances have started to affect the daily life of ordinary citizens.

AK-12: It probably triggered some deep-seated malcontent in the people, and large-scale demonstrations broke out in the city.

Ange: Demonstrations? They're happening right now?

AK-12: That's right—they're taking place this very moment. The government district is still able to maintain the illusion that all is well, but it's utter chaos in the Old Town district.

AK-12: As you can see on TV.

Ange watches the real-time footage on the television with a frown. It's obvious that these people didn't take to the streets on a whim. Their anger must have built up over a long period of time.

For some reason, she feels a surge of unease, but she can't quite put a finger on what is bothering her.

Still mulling over this, Ange stretches out her arm to put the document back onto the table.

Clatter.

The file falls onto the floor, making a loud noise.

AK-12: Ange?!

Ange: ...

Ange stares dubiously at her left hand. She gingerly curls her fingers into a fist.

AK-12's eyes widen.

Ange: It's been a while since I last had it serviced.

Ange: Probably just some malfunctioning parts.

AK-12: ...Should I run a more detailed scan on it?

Ange: Don't bother. There are neither doctors nor suitable parts.

Ange: If I let the Stasi touch it, god knows what kind of malware they'd plant in there.

AK-12: Right... Then let's just hope you won't suddenly drop your gun when facing off some bad guy.

Ange: I shoot with my right hand, 12.

Knock knock.

Ange: Come in.

RPK-16: Good morning, Ange. Did you sleep well?

RPK-16 opens the door and enters jauntily. She immediately zeros in on AK-12, who's sitting in front of the window.

RPK-16: You look quite well-rested?

Ange: Cut the crap. What is it?

RPK-16: It's about the good samaritan who helped us.

RPK-16: AK-12 and I spent the whole night trying to identify them in vain, but things seem to have changed.

Ange: Oh?

RPK-16: I just received a message via my intranet.

RPK-16: The message completely bypassed my firewalls. I only noticed it when it came through.

RPK-16: I've tried, but I couldn't trace it.

AK-12: Not even you?

RPK-16: Not even me.

Ange: What does it say?

RPK-16: The subject is a Bible verse number.

RPK-16: "John 8.12".

Ange: "I am the light of the world; he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life."

Ange: John, Chapter 8 Verse 12.

Ange: ...How pretentious.

AK-12: And revolting. It's probably a stupid question, but does this remind you of anyone in particular?

Ange: Do I look like I know someone so obnoxious?

RPK-16: The message itself reads...

RPK-16: "Dear Ms. Anna Viktorovna Tsoi,

RPK-16: "I hope you will forgive me for meddling, but I deeply regret what happened in Bremen and the bad decisions the Stasi has made due to internal strife.

RPK-16: "There are things I wish to discuss with you concerning Paradeus, please meet me after lunch.

RPK-16: P.S. I hope you find the apartment satisfactory." ...Then there's an address. It looks like a bar in the Old Town.

RPK-16: A bar called "Athena's Owl".

AK-12: I'm getting a mop.

Ange: A mop? For what?

AK-12: For cleaning up my puke.

RPK-16: Will you go to the meeting?

Ange: To be honest, I don't want to—not one bit.

Ange: Do you know the three types of people that I hate the most?

RPK-16: People like AK-12 and people like me?

Ange: People with no conviction, pretentious pricks...

RPK-16: And what's the last type?

Ange: William.

Ange downs the rest of her coffee, pops a cookie into her mouth, and throws on her coat.

Ange: But right now, I don't really have a choice. At the end of the day, they did save me.

Ange: I should at least hear them out.

RPK-16: Alrighty~ Let me get 94 and 15.

Ange: But before that...

...

Stasi Agent A: ...The targets have left the building.

Stasi Agent A: They're heading northeast.

Stasi Agent B: Copy that.

Stasi Agent B: Five targets confirmed.

Stasi Agent B: It's Angelia and her Dolls.

???: Those are members of the Wolf Pack, top-of-the-line Tactical Dolls developed by Soviet Statesec.

???: Squad B, bring along your precise visual gear and stow away your weapons.

Stasi Agent B: Roger.

???: Frau Angelia is highly experienced. Do not lock horns with her.

???: If you have difficulty keeping up with her, report her final coordinates before you lose her.

???: Another squad will take over from there.

Stasi Agent A: Understood.

???: ...As locals, we know the terrain and the traffic. This is our greatest advantage.

???: Eat her alive. It's time to show what the Stasi are made of.

Stasi Agents A & B: Yes, sir!

...
Part 5: Torricelli's Trumpet II

5

...

This isn't the first time Ange has visited Berlin. The last time she was here, the now abandoned quarantine wall was still functional.

The river runs through the city, separating the city center and the Old Town district. Soon after Ange goes through the Brandenburg Gate, she arrives at Alt-Berlin.

It's already past noon, but the demonstration is not over yet. In fact, it has even more momentum than shown on TV.

Ange: Looks like people face the same problems no matter which country they live in.

AK-12: I've always thought Germans are stoic.

AK-12: Turns out they are still very vocal about their dissatisfaction when they are pushed too far.

Ange: That stereotype should've been deconstructed the moment you met J.

AN-94: Why are they protesting?

Ange: Because of the economy, the environment, their livelihood... It's always the same reasons.

Ange: If society doesn't make any fundamental changes, these problems will never go away.

RPK-16: I just picked up an interesting buzzword.

RPK-16: Have you heard about the anti-Collapse serum?

Ange: Anti-Collapse serum?

RPK-16: A product of Galatea and apparently the cure to ELID.

Ange: Never heard of it. But a bunch of vaccines that claim to be the answer to ELID are introduced to the market every year.

Ange: Then the pharma companies flounder and drown under financial difficulties... No, if the environmental problems are not addressed, humankind will always be plagued by ELID.

RPK-16: You're absolutely right. So long as people are still getting infected, you will never produce enough drugs to cure them all.

RPK-16: Humans really do have a knack for doing pointless things.

Ange: That's none of your concern. Right now, we have more pressing issues.

Standing on the riverbank, Ange gazes at the bridge that the police has sealed off.

On the other side of the river, countless protesters have gathered, waving their banners and chanting their slogans. To passers-by who have no intention of joining in, their presence is merely an inconvenience that's causing a traffic jam.

Ange: How are our tag-alongs?

AK-12: Still very much with us. These people are not on the same league as those from yesterday.

AK-12: The person in command here isn't to be taken lightly.

AK-15: This is very tricky.

Since the moment they left the apartment, Ange has been trying to shake off the agents that are following them.

But even now, she can still feel their eyes boring holes into her back. She was expecting it, but she is nonetheless rather surprised by the level of their skills.

Ange: We're almost there.

Ange: I can't lead them straight to the meeting place. You know what I mean?

AK-12: It'd be a shame if you miss your booking and lose your table at the bar.

Ange: I phoned to book a table as an answer to their invitation.

Ange: If I show up late because I get tied down, it'll be difficult to gain the upper hand in the negotiations.

AK-12 takes off her sunglasses.

AK-12: In that case, let's make use of these rowdy folks.

AK-12: We'll teach our creepy stalkers to fear us Soviet agents.

...
Part 6: Torricelli's Trumpet III

6

Protesters: The government must address our demands immediately!

Protesters: Bureaucrats who don't give a damn about the people's lives are fascists!

Protesters: Listen to the people!

...

Stasi Agent A: Angelia is crossing the bridge.

???: I knew it. Thank you, your job here is done.

???: Squads C and D, prepare to take over.

Stasi Agent C: Understood.

Stasi Agent D: Understood.

???: Frau Angelia is very skilled at making use of crowds and traffic in reverse-tracking. Pay attention to your lines of sight and blind spots when working with other squads.

???: Also, watch out for their attacks. Even Frau Angelia herself is an exceptional fighter.

???: Not to mention the Dolls.

Stasi Agent C: Angelia has crossed the street. She is now turning into Beckestraße.

???: What about the crowd's movements?

Stasi Agent D: The procession is heading towards Weirlanke in the east.

???: Squads E and F, disperse the crowd.

???: Do not let the target distract you.

Stasi Agent B: Copy that.

Stasi Agent B: The Berlin Police is in the area. Should we notify them?

???: Untrained personnel will only make things more difficult for us. Leave them out of this.

???: It'll be a tough battle once they blend into the demonstrating procession.

???: I will keep an eye on things from a high vantage point. Don't get yourselves killed.

Stasi Agent C&D&E&F: Yes, sir!

???: ...

On top of a tall building, the youth, who is observing the milling crowd from above, turns off his communicator and frowns.

Why is there a large-scale demonstration today of all days?

What is Angelia doing here?

Light: Something just doesn't feel right...

Light: Am I just imagining things?

BOOM!

Light: !

While Light is muttering to himself...

An explosion occurs at the very front of the procession.

...

After pushing her way through the crowd that has gathered at the bridge, Ange soon realizes that there is another rallying crowd in the district.

In order to spread their message far and wide and gain more influence, the protesters keep moving tirelessly.

For Ange, this is naturally a great opportunity—the crowd obstructs her enemies' view; she can dart through the stream of people, circle back and take out her enemies in one fell swoop.

Ange is usually an expert in shaking off her pursuers.

But today, things are not that simple.

Ange: Tsk!

No matter where she goes, these people stick to her like glue, as though she has a GPS tracker on her.

Even when she wants to make a move, she can never completely escape her enemies' line-of-sight—not even for a second.

In such a tightly-packed crowd, she has neither the time nor the space to have a boxing match with them.

What's even worse...

Ange: 12! 94!

AK-12: Ange! Ange, where are you?!

Ange: I'm... Dammit!

How can she tell where she is?

For some reason, a commotion seems to have broken out at the front of the procession, and the demonstration comes to a halt at this block.

The people in the front and the back cannot communicate with each other. The ones in the back try to push forward while the ones in the front are stuck, and chaos ensues.

Under these conditions, even powerful T-Dolls are utterly helpless.

Ange has been separated from DEFY for over five minutes. The Dolls can locate each other by their signals, but it has already occurred to Ange that that isn't the problem.

New protesters keep pouring in from all directions. Even AK-15 cannot make her way through all that people to Ange.

She must think of something fast.

Protester A: Hey, this guy is a cop!

Stasi Agent E: ...!!

Protester B: Scheiße! We have a traitor in our midst!

Stasi Agent : H...Hold on! I'm...!

The sudden accusation causes the already riled crowd to erupt. The protesters direct all their anger towards their target—it doesn't even matter if he is actually a traitor or not.

Ange: ...!

Meanwhile, Ange gets dragged along by someone in a different direction.

Ange: Don't touch me!

Male Voice: Ow!

The man lets out a yelp of pain as his shoulder gets dislocated, but she is still being dragged away. Ange immediately realizes what's going on.

It's isn't just one or two people—everyone around her is deliberately trying to move her in a specific direction.

Ange: You've got to be kidding me...!

Her poorly maintained bionic arm breaks down at this critical moment. Ange struggles in vain and can only let herself drift along helplessly like a lily pad on a pond.

Ange: Get off me! ...Oof.

Whoosh.

One last shove ejects Ange from the crowd. She stumbles a few steps and almost trips over the raised sidewalk.

None of the people who pushed her come after her. The protesters are still bellowing in anger without a glance towards her.

Standing on the sidewalk and steadying herself, Ange finally moves her finger away from the trigger of her pistol... She was this close to going on a killing spree.

It is an immense relief to finally be free of the crowd. She swears never to resort to this method ever again.

Ange: ...

Those people led her here on purpose.

They even got rid of her pursuers for her.

Ange puts her pistol back into its holster and takes a look around, but she sees nothing unusual.

Just she is about to turn away, her heart skips a beat.

Ange: ...I'm here?

"Athena's Owl".

The bar stated in the address is right in front of her.

Its entrance awaits quietly next to the bustling crowd, its neon sign flashing even during the day.

With emotions still running high, nobody is looking this way or paying any attention to Ange or what she is about to do.

By the bar entrance, a raggedy beggar is sitting on the stairs.

Her indifferent eyes follow Ange closely below her hood.

Ange has also noticed her. She wonders if she drew the her attention when she was putting away her gun.

Beggar: ...

Beggar: ...Angelia?

Ange: !

The beggar calls out Ange's name softly. Upon seeing her reaction, she nods.

Beggar: Salvation lies within.

The beggar lifts her walking stick and taps the door of the bar with it.

Then she closes her eyes and leans back against the door frame, seemingly fast asleep again.

Ange: ...Inside the bar?

Ange: Is this some sort of dystopian metaphor?

Should I wait for DEFY or go in on my own?

Ange: ...

After a short moment of hesitation, Ange decides to head inside.

Ange: I think I know who you are.

She knocks on the door softly. After another glance at the slumbering beggar, she takes a deep breath and pushes the door open.

Ring.

A bell jingles brightly to announce Ange's arrival.

Customer A: Barkeep, another Screwdriver!

Customer B: Hey! Did you just hide the menu?

The heavy wooden door has been keeping all the noise in the bar from spilling into the streets. Only when Ange pushes open the door does she notice how boisterous it is in this small space.

The piano playing is drowned out by conversations. She stops in front of the door and scans the interior of the establishment... Such a lawless, chaotic place does make for the perfect meetup place.

Ange: ...

Perhaps because the bar is so isolated from the outside world, nobody seems to have noticed Ange's entrance.

Like other such establishments in the Old Town district, this place is filled with people from the lower stratas of Berlin's society—and the sound of their hollering and clinking wine glasses.

No one but Ange herself hears her footsteps. It's only natural in such a noisy environment.

She strolls unobtrusively on the old floorboards and keeps herself ready to draw her firearm within half a second.

Flippant Man/Speaker>||AVG_20Winter_Whistle

At the counter, a nefarious-looking scoundrel whistles at a bar girl next to Ange.

He doesn't seem to have seen Ange at all. He laughs, flashing his mouthful of yellow teeth, and drains the beer in his stein in one go.

Ange takes a glance at him and quickly retracts her gaze.

She does not want to get into any trouble before the meeting.

The man seems to have the same idea. Still ignoring Ange as if he hadn't seen her, he lifts his stein and beckons for the bar girl to refill it.

He never even glances at Ange the whole time.

Not just him.

Everyone in the bar acts as if she was invisible.

Nobody greets her or asks if she'd like to order something. People don't even look at her.

If someone happens to look in her direction, their gaze just glides over her as though she was nothing but air.

Ange: This is it...

Angelia is a special agent so she can sniff out danger from miles away.

However, despite how bizarre this phenomenon is, oddly enough, she doesn't feel unnerved at all.

She collects herself for a moment before venturing deeper into the building.

Everything feels very natural around her—this is just your run-of-the-mill bar with tobacco, beer, poker cards... The atmosphere is fantastic. Ange would love to have a drink here on a day-off.

Ange: ...Tsk.

...In such an ordinary place, Ange's presence is the only anomaly.

Which is why she knows instantly that she has found her target when she notices another "anomaly".

Most bars put out more tables and seats on the dance floor during daytime to accommodate more customers, and this place is no exception.

But right now, the dance floor filled with tables and chairs is completely deserted...

Except for the only occupied table right in the center.

A round table with two chairs.

A man is seated in one of them. He has his back to Ange, and the only bit of skin exposed is his hand on the arm rest.

Next to him, Ange can see a few bottles of very expensive wine on the table.

Just like with Ange, nobody is acknowledging this man's presence.

The space he's occupying might as well be a separate dimension that Ange alone can see.

???: Please have a seat, Angelia.

???: After the commotion outside, you must be tired.

A low and sonorous voice speaks from the chair all of a sudden. Even though Ange hasn't made a sound, he knows she's there—as if he had eyes on the back of his head.

Ange walks around him wordlessly and pulls out the other chair opposite him.

Ange: I've been playing out this scene in my head many times before I walk through the door.

Ange: I had a lot of guesses, but this isn't what I expected at all.

Ange: ...I don't believe I know you.

???: Not even all of my friends know me.

The middle-aged man with white sideburns sitting in the armchair cleans the lenses of his spectacles as he speaks.

His voice is deep and mellow, which matches the air he gives off.

Even if he hadn't spoken, Ange could have guessed he's a Brit.

He has all the qualities of a typical Englishman—resolute, gentlemanly, proud, distant...and pretentious as hell.

Ange studies him and remains silent.

The man takes his time pushing his glasses up his tall nose. A sharp glint flashes in his pale gray eyes as they focus on Ange.

Ange feels like a prey animal that's been spotted by a predator.

Ange: I suppose special agents should get used to speaking to people who don't reveal their name.

???: You've seen Berlin for yourself while you're on the way here.

???: I hope the discourteous welcome you received hasn't caused you to be prejudiced against this beautiful city.

Brushing off Ange's gibe, the man sitting straight as a ramrod places his interlaced fingers on his lap and smiles at her.

???: But Berlin must have made a much different impression compared to Bremen.

Ange: ...Indeed.

Ange purses her lips to hide her impatience. She puts an elbow on the table.

Ange: Bremen was bad enough.

???: Berlin is worse.

The man remarks offhandedly and directs his gaze towards the pianist performing a relaxing piece.

Ange: Is this why you've brought me here? For small talk?

???: You think this conversation is a waste of time; I beg to differ.

???: Angelia... We are constantly deluding ourselves into thinking that the world is getting back on track.

???: But the truth is staring us right in the face—there is still too much hidden darkness.

???: And where there is darkness, there is tragedy like what happened in Beslan.

???: If all things were bright and beautiful in the world...why would your parents suffer such a terrible fate?

Whoosh.

Ange leaps up from her chair.

Hush...

The moment she jumps to her feet, the bustling pub is engulfed in dead silence.

Ange is now certain that everyone around them—the people who have been deliberately ignoring them, is ready to take her down any second.

There isn't a single real customer in this pub.

???: ...

The man meets Ange's defiant gaze with his own sharp eyes.

He taps an empty glass in front of him with a spoon. The clear sound seems to have restarted the clock, and time once again starts flowing in the pub.

The "customers" go back to clinking glasses and sloshing beer. Everything returns to the same state as when Ange first came in.

The murderous intent that was directed at her vanishes without a trace.

Ange: Are you threatening me?

???: Please forgive me. You are a professionally trained agent while I'm just a defenseless old man.

???: They're simply concerned about my safety if it comes to an altercation.

Ange: That's not what your eyes suggest.

Ange: If I had wanted to do anything, you wouldn't have needed them to intervene.

???: Just sit down, Angelia.

???: Our conversation isn't over yet.

???: Don't forget... If I hadn't helped you, would you have left the Stasi's interrogation chamber?

Without answering Ange's question, the man fishes out a gold coin from his pocket. He gives his thumb a flick and the coin lands heavily in front of Ange.

Ange: ...

Ange watches the spinning coin as it gradually slows down and falls on its side. She looks up at the man again.

Ange: So it's you.

???: We are not enemies, Angelia.

???: On the contrary... We are the closest comrades-in-arms.

Ange: You and me? Ha... I doubt that.

Ange: Someone whose hands are even bloodier than mine is preaching to me about "all things bright and beautiful"? Bah.

???: We share a common goal, Ange.

???: I know you can't argue with that... Our methods may be different.

???: But our aspiration is the same—everything we do is for the sake of Rossartrism.

Ange: "Common destiny"... I've grown tired of this kind of rhetoric.

Ange: You may be able to fool the sheep in your country with that, but don't bother using it on me.

???: Have you never wondered why Zelinsky and Mikhail let you come to Germany?

Ange: ...

???: You are an outstanding agent, I'm sure you can discern the situation.

???: Think about it, Ange. Perhaps you were destined to work with me from the start, just as you were destined to walk into this pub.

???: You are cornered... Right now, you do not have a choice.

???: If you still refuse to trust me or your intuition...

???: You may pretend to have never met me and just walk out of here.

Ange: ...My intuition is telling me to pour a glass of whisky over your head.

Ange eyes the man before her, but he is still smiling benignly despite her provocation.

???: Sit down.

Ange keeps staring at him.

He shakes his head and pushes a glass towards her.

???: If you must, I recommend you do it with this glass.

Ange: ...

Ange takes a deep breath and finally sits back down.

???: This is what I like about you, Angelia.

???: You always read the situation.

Ange: Just cut to the chase. What leads do you have?

???: Let's return to the subject of Berlin... I believe you have seen what's happening out there.

Ange: The demonstration, you mean?

???: Berlin was nowhere this bad just a while ago. It has always been one of the most developed cities in the decontamination zone that has recovered quite well.

???: It is by no means a utopia, but you could rarely find such seeds of discord and instability here.

Ange: That's not what it looks like to me.

???: Seeds can ride the wind. They can also be carried in by beasts.

Ange: You want me to look into this?

???: Yes.

Ange: I have no time for such distractions.

Ange: You know why I've come to Germany.

???: Believe me, Angelia.

???: You will realize that our agendas are surprisingly similar.

Ange: ...This has something to do with William?

???: From what I know, this matter involves a conspiracy.

???: Following the incident in Bremen, Paradeus is planning to stage an even more elaborate terrorist attack in Berlin.

Ange: ...A terrorist attack?

Ange suddenly finds it difficult to breathe.

???: The White Faction's touch is evident in everything that has transpired in the last few months.

???: They have been inciting the people and sowing civil unrest.

???: I believe that when the time is right, they will make use of this unrest to cripple Berlin...

???: In the hope of preventing an outcome that they do not desire.

Ange: An outcome that they don't desire...?

Ange: This has something to do with you?

???: There will be an important meeting.

The man picks up his glass. He seems to have no intention of elaborating.

Ange: What's the source of this information?

???: The information is supplied by a private source with very high credibility.

???: However, that's the best I can do. The specific time, location, personnel, and other details of the attack...

???: ...are for you to investigate.

Ange: Is this all the help you're giving me?

???: I will also provide you with other forms of aid to the best of my ability.

???: Actually, I've already done it.

Ange: You persuaded the government to support me.

That is a statement, not a question.

Ange: So where should I begin?

???: To launch a terrorist attack in Berlin, explosives won't work.

???: It has to be with some kind of new weapon that cannot be detected.

???: A weapon...that we are both familiar with.

Ange: A familiar weapon... Pollen dirty bombs?

Ange: You want me to investigate Leone?

???: Just two days ago, she was escorted to Berlin in secret.

???: She is most definitely connected to this matter.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...I have a question.

???: What is it?

Ange: The mansion. You must know where it is. Tell me.

???: This is irrelevant.

Ange: You know I will not give in.

???: ...

The man lets out a sigh and shakes his head.

???: Once you have settled this business in Berlin, I will give you the location of the mansion.

Ange: Deal.

???: Learn to pick your battles, agent.

???: Sort out your priorities.

Ange: I am still a bit skeptical about what you said.

Ange: But I will look into it using my own method.

???: I don't care about your methods. I just want results.

Ange: So is that it?

Ange: You're washing your hands of this now that you've dumped it onto my lap?

???: I'm a busy man, agent. The battle I'm fighting in a place that you can't see is currently in a critical stage.

???: That said...

???: ...I have nevertheless prepared a little surprise for you.

Ange: Surprise?

???: An old friend of yours is en route with the support and intelligence you need.

???: You may have been going at it in different directions, but I assure you, you are both working towards the same goal.

???: Besides, I'm sure you will be very happy with this reunion.

Ange: ...Who is it?

???: The young commander working for Kryuger.

Ange: ...

Ange raises an eyebrow.

Ange: ...I should've known. It's backup that you summoned, after all.

???: I look forward to our fruitful cooperation.

Ange: You'd better not be wasting my time.

???: I will keep you up to speed if my private source reports any new updates.

???: Also, I suggest you leave through the back door... Things are a bit chaotic at the front entrance.

The man pushes the gold coin across the table to Ange. She glances at it and pockets it promptly.

Ange: ...Thanks.

???: ...

Knock knock.

The man taps the armrest on this chair again before getting up and heading towards another door without a word.

One minute after his departure.

The pub becomes as quiet and empty as a tomb.

...
Part 7: Athena's Owl

    7chevron_right

Ange pushes open the door and leaves the boisterous place behind.

Now that she knows the busy and lively scene was all a sham, she finds it rather sickening.

The gold coin weighs heavily in her pocket, signifying that everything that just happened was real.

...Now, she must hurry back to her apartment and discuss how to proceed with Task Force DEFY.

???: Frau Ange.

Ange: —!

While Ange is still deep in thought, someone calls her name softly from next to her.

Almost out of reflex, Ange pulls back and executes a kick.

Smack!

The kick produces such a loud noise Ange thinks she kicked a sandbag.

But the brief exchange is all it takes for her to take in her interceptor.

Light: One second, please.

Ange: Tsk.

Since her first kick didn't do the job, Ange delivers a second one without even a pause.

Light: Whoa!

The man seems to have expected Ange's attack and nimbly sidesteps it, causing her kick to miss a second time.

But Ange isn't fazed either.

Boom!

Her alloy fist smashes into the brick wall. If this punch had landed on a person, they would've been hospitalized for months.

Light: ...

Backed up against the wall with the small crater a mere inch away from his ear, the young man looks a little unnerved.

But Ange could see that he didn't make the slightest attempt to dodge her punch just now.

He knew⁠—with absolute certainty—that Ange would not hit him, so he did not even flinch.

Ange: Who are you?

The man rubs the arm he used to block Ange's first kick and looks at her apologetically.

Light: I saw that kick coming, but it was more powerful than I'd anticipated. You really are formidable.

He speaks in a perfectly even tone—neither humble nor haughty. Despite being at Ange's mercy, he shows no sign of panic.

Ange: Answer my question. Or the next punch will smash your brains out.

Light: You are not one to murder innocent people, Frau Angelia.

Ange: I can make an exception today.

Ange: And you are anything but innocent, not to mention rude.

Light: Pardon me... I haven't even introduced myself.

Light: As you can see, I am a Stasi agent.

Ange's brow furrows.

Only then does she notice that this man doesn't look older than 20.

Ange: What does the Stasi want with me now?

Ange: Don't tell me you want to send me back to lock me up for a few more days?

Light: No, that's not it.

Light: In fact...

Light blinks, the very image of innocence.

Light: I'm here to help you.

...

AK-12: Welcome back.

AN-94: Ange, are you alright?!

Ange catches sight of her two familiar subordinates the moment she enters the temporary ops room.

She frowns as she shifts her gaze from the Dolls to the man sitting in front of the monitors.

Ange: You've brought my subordinates here. What's the big idea, J?

J: Hey, don't give me that murderous look, eh?

J: It took a lot of work to pull these DEFY ladies out from among the rioting mob and gather them all, you know?

AK-15: We found this place ourselves.

J: Did you have to expose me straight away?!

Light: Thanks for the work, J.

The young man follows Ange into the room and greets J politely before turning to address the DEFY Dolls.

Light: As per our agreement, I have delivered Frau Angelia safely to you.

RPK-16: Well done. If you'd taken another minute, our leader would've clawed her way out through the roof.

Ange: 12, explain.

AK-12: There's nothing much to explain.

AK-12: When we got separated from you in the crowd, we immediately realized it would be extremely difficult to regroup.

AK-12: So we changed strategies and decided to track down those who were monitoring us instead.

Ange: That's how you found this place?

AK-12: It didn't take much effort. After all, they still knew exactly where we were under those circumstances.

AK-12: It was either GPS trackers or having a high vantage point.

AK-12: Once we understood that, it wasn't difficult figuring out the rest.

RPK-16: When we got here, we found out that Mr. J was the one in charge of this operation.

RPK-16: He told us that you were safe and had us wait here while he sent someone to fetch you.

RPK-16: 12 refused to cooperate at first and threw a tantrum.

RPK-16: It was kinda noisy, but then we got used to it.

AN-94: It wasn't that noisy.

AK-12: I don't trust them. J did a decent job in Bremen,

AK-12: But ensuring Ange's safety is my top priority.

AK-12: I only agreed to wait because I believe in Ange.

AK-12: So...have you had your meeting?

AK-12: How did it go?

Ange: I got some information and possible leads.

Ange: At the very least, I now have some idea about what to do.

Ange: So you're the aid that he promised?

Ange eyes Light and J, her gaze moving back and forth between them until finally settling on J.

Ange: Are you in any shape to help? Your injuries look pretty bad.

J: What, wanna spar, wardmate? I don't know who you're talking about, but we are indeed under official order to aid you.

J: It took us some time, but we eventually managed to take over this operation. Now Light and I are in charge of keeping tabs on you.

J: In other words, you can move around freely in Berlin.

AK-12: So who exactly was he, Ange?

Ange: ...The "Earl ".

Ange fishes out the gold coin from her pocket and rubs the intricate markings with her thumb.

A glistening griffin is etched onto the coin.

Ange: Or should I say...

Ange: Griffin Lyons.

AN-94: !

AN-94: Y-You mean...THAT Griffin?

AN-94: THE Griffin in "Griffin and Kryuger"?

AN-94: I hear he...

Ange: Yeah, if I'm not mistaken, it's him in the flesh.

Ange: I don't work for him, but he is very close with Zelinsky and Old Misha...

Ange: I can't tell if he can be trusted, but at the very least, he is on our side.

J: So... Uh, nevermind. I didn't hear anything.

J: What happens next is none of my business.

J: Light, I'm leaving you in charge of everything.

Light: Me?

J: You, duh. K sent me—a poor injured man—here, while he himself stayed behind in Bremen, having the time of his life.

J: Not that he expected I would have to work in the field.

J: In any case, I leave this in your capable hands.

Ange: You haven't asked for my opinion.

J: Well, any objections?

Ange: He doesn't look old enough to drink.

J: He may be young, but he's the most exceptional up-and-coming agent in the Stasi. You've seen what he's capable of, haven't you?

J: He's been commanding the operation to monitor you single-handedly. I didn't do anything.

Ange: So he's been wasting his "exceptional" talent on spying on us?

Ange: If I were you, I'd have already started investigating William's movements in Berlin.

Ange: If you hadn't been wasting precious time, I would've tracked down Leone and the others by now.

Light: I looked into it, Frau Angelia.

Ange: ...What?

Light: I don't know what your current objective is.

Light: But before I came to Berlin, I took over the investigation you were conducting in Bremen and followed through with the remaining leads.

Light: I have recorded everything in detail and compiled profiles...

Light: ...concerning the culprits arrested in Bremen—Leone, Hopps, and Powell.

AK-12: He's telling the truth, Ange. I read them.

Ange: You read them?

AK-12: I couldn't very well just sit here and wait, could I?

AK-12: The three of them have been transported to Berlin for imprisonment.

AK-12: But you're not gonna believe this.

AK-12: Leone was released due to mental illness. She's now living quite a cushy life at a sanatorium.

AK-12: Still in Berlin, obviously.

Light: According to my investigation, everything about Leone's release was highly dubious.

Light: I suspect a person of authority pulled some strings to protect her, but I have no others clues for the time being.

Ange: ...Explain the situation to me in detail.

Light: Yes, ma'am.

J: Wait, hold on.

J: You're not planning to have this conversation here, are you?

J: This really isn't the greatest spot, so I suggest you guys take this somewhere else... After all, you're free to go anywhere now.

AK-12: I agree, Ange.

AK-12: Surely you have a lot to discuss with us...

AK-12: About your conversation with Grif...the Earl ?

Ange: ...

Ange: ...Alright, let's go back to the apartment then.

Light: I'll come with you.

J: And I'll pass.

J: The protagonist shall retreat behind the scenes for now. Young people should be given the time to shine every now and then.

J: Isn't that right, Light? Now that you're back in your hometown, don't forget to make time to visit your—

Light: Let's go, Frau Angelia.

Ange: Sure.

Ange glances at the youth with delicate features.

He's young, brave, remarkable, and ambitious... Just like her when she was young.

But just for a brief second...

His face overlaps with Morridow's in her mind.

...Late at night, in the Commander's office at the Griffin base.

There is a long line of Dolls standing outside the door as the heads of each department wait for their duty assignments.

Thanks to the supplies provided by Havier, roughly 50% of the Dolls in the Griffin base have been rebuilt, enough to sustain basic operations for the base.

However, my inbox is still full of pending work requests...

Springfield: Commander, this is a list of the discrepancies between the manifest and our actual inventory. I've sent a copy to your inbox and filed a copy in the system.

Commander: Alright, I'll look at it right away.

Springfield: Are you sure you don't need a break? You don't look well...

Commander: It's okay, I'm fine.

Springfield looks like she wants to say something else, but in the end she decides against it and simple leaves the office.

Gr G36: The canteen has submitted its ingredients purchase list and budget for approval, Commander. Please take a look at it.

Commander: Alright, I will.

A pile of documents suddenly collapses and Gr G36 stacks them back up again before leaving the office without a word.

Helian: Commander, I.O.P. is asking for confirmation of receipt for the most recent batch of supplies.

Commander: Hang on, where did Springfield's list go...

I dive into the pile of documents and rummage through them...

Commander: Kalina, help me ask Springfield about her comparison list.

The only sound in the silent office is my rummaging through files and folders.

Commander: Is there a flash sale on?

Commander: Don't get distracted, Kalina!

The person who ought to have appeared by my side with a smile on her face still hasn't shown up yet.

Commander: ...Kalina?

I look back and realize that there is nobody behind me.

The only things in this massive office are work documents and my dejected self.

Commander: ...How could I have forgotten, Kalina's on leave.

I reach past the documents on my desk for my coffee mug, planning to gulp it all down. However, the mug is empty save for two or three-day-old coffee stains.

Commander: ...

...Several days ago, during a regular checkup for the human personnel at the Griffin base.

Kalina: Commander, we're the only ones who haven't gone for our checkup yet!

Commander: Right, another routine physical...

Commander: Let me take care of the work I have on hand first.

Kalina: Commander, don't keep burying yourself in work! Your health is important too, you know!

Kalina: (Coughs)

Commander: I'm fine, but you haven't been feeling too well yourself, have you?

Commander: It seems like you've been coughing for a long time now. Are you showing symptoms from your time in the sub base?

Kalina: I'm fine, it's just a small cold.

Kalina: Anyway, don't change the subject! Go for your checkup already!

Commander: But there's still so much work to do...

Kalina: I'm here, aren't I? I'll help share your burden!

Kalina: Now go, it won't take long!

At Kalina's urging, I reluctantly go for my checkup.

Two hours later, the checkup is complete.

Commander: It turned out well. I told you, I didn't need it. I could have approved so many documents during that...

Kalina: ...

Kalina's checkup ended long ago, and now she's curled up on a tiny chair in the waiting area. She seems to be asleep.

Commander: Kalina?

Kalina: ...

Commander: Are you asleep?

As I see her tremble slightly in her slumber, I take off my coat and drape it over her body.

Commander: I can't believe you could actually fall asleep in a tiny place like this...

Commander: You must be exhausted from all the work in last few days.

Kalina remains soundly asleep and does not respond.

I sigh and gently run my fingers through her hair, but I feel a burning heat rise up through my fingertips.

Commander: ...A fever? You need to see a doctor.

Kalina: No...no shots...

Kalina: Must...work...

Commander: This is no time to be stubborn.

I ignore Kalina's drowsy mumbling and gently scoop her up in my arms before hurrying over to the doctor's office...

I open Kalina's medical report again. I don't know how many times I've done this already.

The harm to her body inflicted by her sustained high fever has been converted to numerical data, which are seared in my mind.

Self-reproach. Guilt. Regret.

A complex mass of emotions writhes within my heart, gnawing at my soul like a swarm of ants.

Commander: She's going to get better...

Commander: The doctor said that Kalina can be discharged soon, provided her condition doesn't worsen.

Commander: A petty little sickness like this won't beat someone as tough as her.

Knock knock knock—

Someone is politely knocking on my desk from behind me.

Helian: ...I thought you had passed out, Commander. Why didn't you take my call?

Commander: I didn't notice...

I hurriedly shove the medical report into the depths of my drawer.

Commander: What is it, did some urgent work come up?

Helian: Firstly, I'm here to remind you to send the supply receipt confirmation I mentioned earlier.

Helian: Second...

Helian: The schedule for the Sangvis training ground has been cleared out.

Commander: Huh? The Sangvis training ground? Why?

Helian: Judging from Kalina's work diary, the Sangvis training ground is being temporarily used as a Paradeus special drill area due to a lack of suitable venues.

Commander: The Paradeus special drill...

Commander: Right, I understand.

Helian: Mm. I'll be going, then.

Commander: Thank you.

Helian: Please take care of yourself, Commander.

Helian looks at my face with a worried expression of her own. She sighs and leaves.

Commander: ...

I look through Kalina's desk and find the Paradeus special drill program that she has compiled earlier.

The early phases of the program are almost complete. After that, all that remains is to carry out several rounds of statistical analysis.

Commander: Kalin, once you get back, I'm going to show you that everything is still running smoothly, the way you left it.

I tighten my grip on the program sheet in my hand. Kalina smiles at me from the picture on the desk.
Part 2: The Way of What is to Come

2

...

M200: I'm organizing the data related to the "Paradeus Special Drill Program".

M200: In order to avoid arguments about mistakes and who's better than who, I'll only be discussing the enemy data.

M200: Most Paradeus units have force fields, which means we'll need HOC support to fight them.

M200: The first problem we need to address is when to request fire support and how to protect our supporters.

VHS: So we need to work with the HOCs, huh...

VHS: Leave it to me. I'll talk to Gr G3 about how to solve that problem.

M200: This is a Doppelsöldner. They typically patrol alone, but they possess rapid fire area-of-effect weapons.

M200: Of note are their grenades, which cannot be avoided and cause great damage to us. We need the HOCs to bring down their force fields and then focus fire to kill them.

M200: We also need to consider how to minimize the damage we take when we fight them for real...

AUG Para: You're telling me something this divinely beautiful is actually our enemy?!

General Liu: What a shame...

M200: Indeed, its white exterior is almost mesmerizing.

M200: Aesthetically-appealing enemies with an air of sanctity to them, and vicious-looking things that we need to protect. I wonder how many more such paradoxes we will encounter in the future?

M200: The second threat we may encounter is the Uhlan.

M200: They're somewhat slow, but not even force fields can block the damage from their ram attacks, so we need to be on the lookout especially for the warning signs of an incoming ram.

M200: However, if we can set up realistic decoys to draw their fire, we can focus solely on destroying them...

M200: Of course, that's assuming they don't show up with other enemies.

VHS: So they're slow, but hit really hard?

VHS: I'll pay attention to the startup motion for their rams.

General Liu: It looks waaaaay bigger than us!

AUG Para: We sure have our work cut out for us.

M200: Rodeleros and Strelets are enemies we commonly encounter during rescue missions. They're easier to defeat compared to the Uhlans and Doppelsöldners.

M200: However, they often come in packs, which gives them the advantage in numbers. Enemy groups that consist of different kinds of units can cover each other's weaknesses and are thus harder to defeat.

M200: I heard that Thompson and her squad managed to plough through a mixed group on their first go. Team Palette also had a relatively easy time with them. How amazing!

AUG Para: Yes they are, that's Dolls for you.

VHS: I'm sure we'll be fine too.

General Liu: ...Yup!

M200: In addition to their regular forces, Paradeus also has these elite units.

M200: Black Nytos...

M200: White Nytos...

M200: Nimogen...

M200: And Mercurows.

AUG Para: They just look like weirdly-dressed little girls...

General Liu: Yeah, who would have thought that they're actually enemy elites.

AUG Para: Can't we capture them like S.F. forces?

AUG Para: I kinda wanna work with them!

Dandelion's Voice: Unfortunately, we haven't found a way to capture Paradeus units yet. But who knows? Your childish dream might come true someday.

VHS: M200, continue with your presentation.

M200: Ah, okay!

M200: These enemies very often possess disruptive and damaging abilities. They are very fast and very evasive, and most of them have extremely powerful hacking attacks.

M200: In contrast to the aforementioned enemies, I believe these are the most threatening to us. Once we are hacked, we lose the ability to control our bodies...

VHS: Do you have any further questions about the enemies we're going to face?

General Liu: Ugh... No...

AUG Para: None at all!

Just then, a silver-haired Doll runs in.

Gr SL8: Sorry for being late!

Gr SL8: How far through the pre-battle lecture are we?

VHS: ...

VHS: It's already over.

VHS: Everyone, get up and move out.

Gr SL8: ...Oh.
Part 3: Survival Guide (Side)

3

...

Dandelion: I am now organizing data pertaining to "Simulated Griffin vs Paradeus Battles".

Dandelion: These data do not concern the AR Team, Squad 404, or Task Force DEFY, but only the scenario clear records of ordinary Griffin Dolls.

Dandelion: The first group to clear the scenario was Desert Eagle's squad, which made contact with the Failed Isomers.

Dandelion: Their experience with skirmishes and assaults allowed them to quickly make decisions when faced with the threat of enemy hacking and adjust their combat approach accordingly.

Dandelion: The second was Squad FN.

Dandelion: Testing has revealed that Squad FN's ability to respond to sudden developments far exceeds that of other Doll squads, which is probably due to how they are often called on to handle unusual situations and circumstances.

Dandelion: In addition, the social dynamics within the group is worth looking into.

Dandelion: The third is Squad Thompson.

Dandelion: They have similar strengths as Desert Eagle's squad, and they were only 17 seconds behind the squad in second place. I believe the reason for their outstanding performance despite the Dolls' somewhat more inferior specs across the board is because of Thompson's effective leadership and her squad members' ability to promptly carry out orders.

Dandelion: In fourth place is Squad Negev.

Dandelion: Their combat approach is savage yet skillful, and they are adept at rapidly cutting down more fragile units as well as surrounding and wearing down more resilient ones.

Dandelion: These tactics are suited for situations where they are evenly matched with the enemy, but they lack adaptability if the enemy is much stronger than them.

Dandelion: Records of them quickly destroying enemy units during the battle at the submarine base corroborate these observations.

Dandelion: ...

Dandelion: To date, the only squad which has yet to clear the scenario is Squad Puzzle.

Dandelion: There are many problems with the squad and I will list the more severe ones.

Dandelion: Temporary squad leader VHS and temporary squad member Gr SL8 have a bizarre relationship.

Dandelion: At the same time, they have vastly different fighting styles, and their differences in perspectives lead to a lot of unnecessary conflict.

Dandelion: Squad member AUG Para is the squad's mood maker and morale booster. However, her false belief that she is human makes her needlessly protective over her "one and only life" when she fights alone.

Dandelion: In addition, her neural cloud runs the risk of breaking down when her body takes damage, which is something that we need to look out for.

Dandelion: General Liu is excellent overall, but she is extremely poor at adapting to changing battle situations. During the past seven simulated battles, she ended up blue-screening twice on the battlefield.

Dandelion: However, M200's resourcefulness makes up for that. This is the only mutually supportive pairing I have seen in the squad.

Dandelion: In conclusion, Squad Puzzle is not suited to fighting as a team.

Dandelion: End of record compilation.
Part 4: Wrestling Snakes I

4

...A group of Dolls runs through a snowy, wind-whipped battlefield, firing behind them as they move.

Amidst this heavy bombardment, the Paradeus mech pursuing them finally collapses to the ground.

General Liu: This is great... The Doppelsöldner's down!

AUG Para: Look out!

There is a loud explosion, causing General Liu to lose her balance and fall heavily into the snow as intense pain courses through her back.

AUG Para is behind her, but how could she make a mistake like that...?

Still dazed, General Liu looks behind her and sees AUG Para also lying face-down in the snow.

Grenades have shredded her body and it looks like there's no chance of her ever getting back up.

General Liu: She did it to cover me... And it was done because...

General Liu: VHS, a Doppelsöldner's coming!

VHS: I know, the HOCs are ready!

VHS: M200 and I will take it out, you give us long-range fire support!

General Liu: Got it!

Support fire thunders down from the distance, blowing the relentless White Faction mech to pieces.

However, the Dolls remain frozen in place, unable to move.

VHS: M200...

M200: I can't move, VHS... I've been...hacked... It's...her...

M200 drops her gun and collapses like a puppet whose strings have been cut.

VHS and General Liu remain rooted to the spot, facing forward. A slender figure steps out of the gunsmoke and flames, smiling arrogantly at them.

Mercurows: Oh, you servile Dolls, inn of grief, ship without helmsman in a mighty tempest...

VHS: Mercurows...

VHS is having trouble working her arm, but she reaches out toward a nearby command console.

The defense gate closes in from either side, crushing that figure between its slabs with a deep and heavy thunk.

General Liu: The electronic interference is weakening! Thank goodness! Now...

General Liu: Huh? Why is...the defense gate...being pushed open...

Mercurows: A laughable performance, ladies. No man steps into the same trap twice, and this gate isn't exactly hard to hack.

Mercurows: "Behold. Whether that race has done good or evil during its lifetime will make no difference in the end."

Mercurows spreads her arms and raises them in an exaggerated manner.

An indescribable noise assaults the Dolls. Their neural clouds are unable to bear the strain, and in the end they all go offline.

System: Signals lost from four Dolls. One Doll is unable to move.

System: Combat Simulation No. 5 - Failed. Difficulty - Normal. Time elapsed - 5 minutes. Distance travelled - 1000m. System grading - C.

System: Restarting Combat Simulation. All four Doll positions have been reset.

System: Beginning Combat Simulation No. 6.

Gr SL8: Huh? It's over? But I didn't even move...

VHS: ...Please pause this. We need to do a review.

Dandelion: Exiting simulation mode.

The Squad Puzzle Dolls disconnect from the simulator and rise from their seats.

VHS: In this last battle, we encountered the elite enemy unit Mercurows.

VHS: She is an extremely skilled hacker. On top of that, she can restrain a single target and limit our ability to deal damage.

M200: Maybe we could use a drone as bait or have someone volunteer to take the attack while the others open fire while she is restrained?

General Liu: But if we do that, that teammate will... Ah, sorry, I'll defer to your opinions.

I look away at this point, turning to address Dandelion, who has been connected to the control terminal all this time.

Commander: Still no progress?

Dandelion: No. Well, objectively speaking, they HAVE made an improvement.

Dandelion: They didn't even last long enough to leave a record during the first combat sim, but now they have five minutes' worth of data.

Commander: I brought Gr SL8 in to make up for the loss in combat power, so why is it still like this?

Dandelion: The deployment for the combat simulations has VHS as team leader, AUG Para as vanguard, General Liu as support while M200 provides long-range precision fire.

Dandelion: While the temporary transfer Gr SL8 has excellent stats, VHS has no intention of making use of her. All she does is use Gr SL8 as a hostage.

Commander: ...

Meanwhile, Squad Puzzle has finished their review of the battle on the training ground.

Gr SL8 looks like she wants to say something, but VHS ignores her.

The other three Dolls shoot her apologetic looks as they head off after VHS.

Commander: Looks like they're not meshing well.

Dandelion: That does seem to be the case. Frankly speaking, Commander, I do not understand the intention of this training program.

Dandelion: If your objective is to accustom the majority of our Dolls to battling Paradeus forces, then we have already achieved our objective.

Dandelion: Squad Puzzle clearly does not make the grade, so why not remove them from deployment during operations?

Commander: I know what you mean. Not every Doll can gain the skills needed to fight Paradeus units through training.

Commander: The wise choice would be to not waste time and resources on them and spend them on Dolls with more promise instead.

Dandelion: Indeed.

Commander: According to the intel we received from Ange in Bremen, Paradeus is far more active than we imagined.

Commander: Since we'll be facing off against them sooner or later, I would like all the Dolls at the base to be prepared for that eventuality.

Commander: I won't allow mass casualties like last time to happen again.

Dandelion: That does sound like something you would say, Commander.

Commander: More to the point, this is also Kalina's plan.

Commander: I promised her that I would take good care of the base in her place.

I fall silent as I think of Kalina.

Paradeus, Kalina's illness, and the chaotic situation weigh heavily on my heart.

As I watch how swiftly the Mission Failed pop-up appears for the Dolls of Squad Puzzle, I silently add the battle readiness level of Griffin to the list of my worries.

System: Combat Simulation - Failed.

Dandelion: Do you really wish to continue?

Commander: Yes. However, things can't go on like this. I need to think of a way to speed up the process.

Dandelion: What do you mean?

Commander: Let me speak to them.

Commander: Squad Puzzle, can you hear me?

VHS: Loud and clear.

Commander: I'll be directing the battle this time.

VHS: ...Understood.

VHS: Squad Puzzle standing by! Ready for orders, Commander!
Part 5: Hidden Mid-stage dialogue

5

...

Gr SL8: Uh... Should I keep waiting here? VHS, are you still alive? Maybe I could come give you a hand...

VHS: Do you expect hostages to help you on the battlefield?

Gr SL8: Wait... H-Hey, don't hang up!
Part 6: Wrestling Snakes II

6

M200 kicks open the door to the safe house.

M200: I've successfully linked up with the hostage!

Gr SL8: You're here at last!

Gr SL8: This is Gr SL8, I'm in good condition, ready to join the battle at any time.

M200: Let's talk on the move!

M200: We managed to shake off the Uhlans, but the Gladiators and an Isomer are still on our backs. Things aren't looking good!

Gr SL8: Right, so where are the others?

M200: They're fighting hit-and-run battles with the Gladiators.

Gr SL8: Let's go back and help them.

M200: VHS said we should first...

Gr SL8: There are enemies up ahead.

Gr SL8: We can't escape them with just the two of us.

While they debate, the Dolls suddenly feel their thought processes slowing down.

Click, click, click... The sound of high heels draws close.

Glassy-eyed Nytos move past them into the distance, while a run-down White Faction mech lunges at them with no sound or warning of its presence, ripping apart everything it touches.

System: Signals lost from all five Dolls.

System: Combat Simulation No. 8. Time elapsed - 18 minutes. System grading - B.

Commander: The fact that they could reach the hostage so quickly shows that Squad Puzzle has the ability to complete the training program.

Commander: Pause it for now. Let them do another post-op review.

Just as I'm about to say something to the gathered Dolls, I feel a hand gently touch my shoulder.

Helian: I'm very sorry to disturb you, Commander, but something urgent has come up.

Commander: No problem, go ahead.

Helian: I think I'll let Mr. Kryuger explain the specifics to you.

Commander: ...Got it.

I sigh helplessly, then look one last time at the assembled squad before leaving with Helian.

...In Kryuger's office.

Coming here again after so long gives me a pang of nostalgia. It took me right back to when I first arrived at the Griffin base.

Right now, that imposing figure whose rock-solid presence is always infinitely reassuring is raising a wineglass to me.

Kryuger: Care for a drink, Commander?

Commander: ...I thought you weren't the sort to drink on the job.

Kryuger: Indeed, but today is a bit of a special case.

Kryuger: Not going to help yourself?

Kryuger raises a bottle, and pours some clear liqour into the transparent glass.

Commander: In that case, don't mind if I do.

I take a seat in front of him and pick up the wineglass.

Kryuger: It's been a while since I had the chance to chat with you like this.

Kryuger: Looks like things have been quite peaceful for us recently.

Commander: I've long missed days like these.

Kryuger: Heh, only older people talk that way.

Commander: Well, getting sent on so many harrowing missions does tend to age you.

Kryuger: It seems that both your combat performance and your ability to gripe to your superiors are second to none.

Commander: Pardon me, I'll be more subtle next time.

I chuckle quietly, and Kryuger snorts in laughter too.

Kryuger: I honestly didn't expect you to come back alive from Paldiski.

Kryuger: Neither did a lot of people.

Commander: ...

The raging flames, skin charred black by high temperatures, the bodies of fallen Dolls strewn across the ground, Kalina's eyes filled with despair...

I downed my glass of liquor in one gulp.

The burning sensation as it goes down reminds me of that day.

Commander: If there's anything you want to say, you can go ahead and tell me.

Kryuger: Your original mission was only to contain Sangvis Ferri.

Kryuger: However, the Sangvis Ferri forces which have plagued us for so long are little more than ants in the face of the Military and Paradeus.

Kryuger: Those enemies were not originally meant for you to handle, and yet you took care of them anyway.

Kryuger: You have done very well, so well that you have far exceeded our expectations.

Commander: Thank you for your praise.

Commander: Though I sense a "but" coming.

Kryuger: Indeed... But the Mastermind of Sangvis Ferri vanished in that base, along with M4 and M16.

Kryuger: And while the threat of the Military has been neutralized for now, the people who backed them are still hidden in the shadows.

Kryuger: I know you have worked very hard, but from a broader perspective, all we have done is little more than scratching an itch.

Commander: So, are we going to root out the one who's behind everything?

Kryuger: We need to choose an appropriate candidate for the task, because the situation we are about to face will be more complicated than ever.

Commander: I'm listening.

Kryuger: I was once a soldier myself, so I only trust people who have come back alive from the battlefield.

Kryuger: And there are only three kinds of people who come back from the battlefield.

Kryuger: The first kind are timid to the end of their days, who view even the daylight streaming into their rooms as an enemy bombardment.

Kryuger: The second are drunk on slaughter and bloodshed, who build their joy on the suffering of others.

Kryuger: You, Commander, belong to the third kind.

Commander: ...The third kind?

Kryuger: They are people who know why they fight.

Kryuger: Their convictions make them keener, braver, fiercer, and more eager for battle.

Commander: ...I just want to protect what I can protect. That's all.

Kryuger: You seek peace, and you fight for a better peace.

Commander: I understand that reasoning, and I also understand that what I can do is very limited.

Kryuger: And yet, you will not back down. You will not abandon any chance you have to fulfil your objective.

Commander: Sounds like you're hinting at a new mission.

Commander: So...you have a new lead?

Kryuger: Angelia works quickly and precisely.

Kryuger: There is a reason why Zelinsky favors her.

Commander: If you're talking about her investigation in Bremen... I know a little about it.

Commander: But I haven't been able to contact her ever since she left the refugee settlement.

Kryuger: You don't need to worry about her for now, Commander.

Kryuger: Also, I don't think you're content to always be trailing in her wake.

Kryuger: Sometimes, you need to learn how to overtake people.

Commander: Are you going to send me to Germany?

My hand freezes as I'm putting down my glass. I stare blankly at Kryuger until he nods in affirmation.

Kryuger: Like I just said, your valiant deeds at Paldiski have reached the ears of many.

Kryuger hands me an envelope.

Commander: A wax seal?

The document is so exquisite I can't help but gawk. To my knowledge, Kryuger has never been one for this sort of thing.

In the middle of the bright red wax seal is a vigorous griffin baring its claws, like a fearless challenger.

Commander: ...A Griffin? Isn't this our logo?

Kryuger: Do you remember the full name of our company?

The company name?

Commander: ..."Griffin and Kryuger".

Kryuger raises his glass and downs its contents in one mouthful.

Kryuger: We all call him the "Earl".

Kryuger: So should you.

I gulp and reach out to open the letter.

Kryuger raises a hand to stop me.

Kryuger: Read it on the plane.

Commander: ...Got it.

Commander: When am I leaving?

Kryuger: Right now.

Commander: Right now? But...Kalina's still in hospital.

Commander: And the Dolls at the base aren't fully—

Kryuger: I know that this is not a good time.

Commander: ...But it can't be helped, can it?

Kryuger: Bring the Dolls from Paldiski. They're more capable than we give them credit for.

Kryuger: Also, that Isomer that's connected to OGAS—I won't ask too many questions about her, but I suggest you bring her with you.

Commander: Is that really just a suggestion?

Kryuger: The frontline won't wait for you, Commander.

Kryuger: Head out as soon as possible.

Commander: ...

Behind my back, my hand unconsciously feels for the holster at my waist. The familiar sensation reminds me that the pistol which Kryuger gave me is still there.

Commander: Understood, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger falls silent again. He refills his glass, but does not drink just yet.

Instead he swirls his glass, watching as the waves rise and fall in the colorless liquid within.

Commander: ...Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: ...This is probably unfair to you.

Kryuger: But all great endeavors demand sacrifice.

Commander: You gave me a choice.

Commander: And I chose.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger's mouth curls up in a smile, and he touches his glass to the table.

A tremor runs through my heart.

He is offering me a toast.

Commander: ...

I briefly hesitate, then return his gaze steadily.

I raise my glass, and down it all in one go as he watches.

Kryuger: You will live until the end. I can sense it.

Kryuger: But I must give you a word of advice.

Kryuger: ...Trust no one.

Commander: Does that include...yourself and "the Earl"?

Kryuger: Oh yes. ESPECIALLY him.

...At the Griffin base, in the heliport holding area.

The AR Team has already assembled by the time I get there.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander! What's this mission about?

Commander: It's a kind we've never taken on before.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Could it be...

I lay the pictures of the objective on the holding area table.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why is it a girl?

RO635: ...What is this?

ST AR-15: Are we supposed to investigate her or protect her?

Commander: Neither.

Commander: Our mission is to proceed to Bohnsdorf, near Berlin, find our target, and bring her to a designated location.

Dandelion: We're going to kidnap a girl, then? We certainly haven't done anything like that before.

Commander: Someone will come to pick us up once we acquire the mission objective.

Dandelion: Tsk, isn't that what they say for every mission? We always end up having to make do on our own anyway.

Commander: ...

ST AR-15: This is our mission, so what is SHE doing here?

Dandelion: You have your mission, and I have answers of my own that I wish to find.

Commander: This mission is closely linked to Paradeus. Dandelion may end up being very helpful.

Dandelion stands behind the AR Team, ignoring ST AR-15's icy glare.

I smile weakly, and the communicator just happens to ring at that moment.

Commander: One second.

RO635: Understood.

I head to one side and look at my communicator. It's the latest report on Kalina's status from the hospital where she's admitted.

I quickly skim through it, until one sentence at the end captures my attention.

"Suspected mild symptoms of Eurosky Low-Emission Infectious Disease. Further verification in progress."

Commander: ...

My finger trembles as I tap out a phone number.

Communicator: (Dial tone)

Kalina's Voice: Hi! This is Kalina!

Commander: Ka...

Kalina's Voice: Sorry, but I can't come to the phone right now.

Kalina's Voice: If it's urgent, please contact Miss Helian; if it's about something else, please leave your message after the beep.

Beep—

Commander: ...

Commander: Wait for me.

The plane has finished its pre-flight checks, and we can board anytime.

I end the call and head toward the AR Team.

The sky today is a bright, clear blue.
Part 7: Unknown (Hidden mid-stage dialogue?)

7

....

Gr SL8: Scuse me, is anyone there? Do you Paradeus guys have chat functions installed? I've been playing with my Rubik's Cube so much it's gonna break...
Part 8: The Birth of Apate I

8

...Bohnsdorf, on the outskirts of Berlin.

This mission is far more complicated than I expected. This is our third day lurking in Bohnsdorf, but I still haven't found any information related to our objective.

I lean against the window, watching the refugees outside walk down the busy streets. Today is a festival day for Bohnsdorf, and everyone is wearing rarely-seen smiles.

RO635: Commander... Why don't you withdraw first and let us take your place?

Commander: No can do. You know there are Paradeus informants hidden in that village.

Commander: If Dolls went in, they'd be spotted instantly. We can't afford to give the game away.

RO635: I understand, but...

RO635: The longer you spend in the village, the greater the risk that the enemy will find you, Commander.

RO635: And if Paradeus launches an attack, we need to be there ASAP, otherwise...

Commander: Relax. I'm very well hidden.

Commander: Right now, I'm a homeless refugee that Bohnsdorf took in. My name is Robin—

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes, yes, we know, Commander. You've memorized your fake identity really well!

RO635: Commander, that little girl is here.

The transmission ends abruptly.

???: Robin, where are you?

???: Robin!

My train of thought is interrupted by a series of rapid, light footsteps.

I look back and see Elsa, the girl who's been helping me these past few days.

Commander: What's the matter, Elsa?

Elsa: The festival's about to begin! We won't be able to get good seats if we don't go now!

Commander: Yes, yes, I'm coming.

Elsa grabs my hand and drags me towards the festival venue...

The village is plastered with signs celebrating Bohnsdorf Day. The streets have been carefully swept, revealing sparkling-clean ground.

Elsa and I go down the street to the village, and we are herded toward the meeting point by the dense crowd.

A bell rings three times, a grand order to gather, and then Frau Elia steps up to the speaking podium.

Elia: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Bohnsdorf. I am the village chief, Elia.

Elia: Today is Bohnsdorf Day, and we are gathered here to celebrate the founding of Bohnsdorf!

Elia: As everyone knows, Bohnsdorf could not have been founded without the help of Galatea Corporation.

Elia: Galatea has provided us with all kinds of assistance, such as facilities, manpower, resources, skills, and so on.

Elia: Therefore, on this day, we are especially grateful to Galatea for their help.

The sound of vigorous applause rises and falls like a wave.

I clap along with them, while secretly contemplating the next phase of the mission.

Commander: The objective hasn't shown up yet. If she doesn't turn up by today, I should probably pull out and investigate some other place.

Refugee: (Coughs)

Again I see the refugee from yesterday, the one who was kneeling by the dining area and missing a leg. He's leaning against his crutch as he coughs.

Although he's swathed in plenty of fabric, I can still make out the faint signs of ELID scarring on his body...

Elsa: Robin, stop looking around while Frau Elia is speaking!

Commander: Oh, sorry.

Elia: ...Whenever anyone enters Bohnsdorf, I tell them that our village was founded on the ideal of going back to basics—abandoning worldly desires and celebrating simplicity.

Elia: We have done so all this time, by giving up technology and embracing a primitive lifestyle.

Elia: I know many of our friends here have felt the pain of losing their homes, their kin, and their friends, which is why I believe you will cherish this place.

Elia: If you are willing to abandon science and befriend nature, you will be protected by God; you will live in happiness, never again want for anything.

Elia: This is not a boast on my part, but a blessing that God has given us.

I've heard Elia make this speech many times already. In this time of tumult, countless demoralized people eager to escape reality believe that returning to the past will make their lives better again.

But running away solves nothing, because humanity will never be rid of its greed.

Refugee: (Coughs heavily)

Though the refugee tries his best to muffle himself, the sound gradually draws attention.

Elsa: How can he cough while Frau Elia is giving a speech? How rude...

Commander: ...

Elia: I know you will say that technology has changed the world and improved our lives.

Elia: But that is just an illusion deliberately created by corrupt corporations to fool you, to trick you into forking over your money to buy their products!

Elia: In truth, this so-called technology only serves to poison our bodies, making us weaker in the face of Mother Nature's wrath!

Elia: Peel open your clothes and see for yourself! Are the scars of radiation not the best proof of this?

Elia: When you came to Bohnsdorf and abandoned science, did your wounds not slowly begin to heal?

Quite a number of refugees pull back their sleeves and pant legs and gasp in awe at their recovered wounds.

However, that coughing refugee with the crutch starts to wobble...

Refugee: (Groans)

Commander: Wait!

After a long bout of coughing, that refugee collapses lightly to the ground.

The people around him start to panic, and clamor spreads through the crowd.

Elia's impassioned speech continues, but the people's attention has already shifted.

Commander: Why isn't anyone helping him?

Commander: Even if he IS a sinner, surely he deserves some basic medical treatment, right?

Elsa: There's no rush.

As I deliberate on whether or not to go over and help, a calm, clear voice quells the unrest.

???: Excuse me, make way please.

The pacified refugees obediently clear a path, and a girl in a white shawl steps out from the crowd.

Elsa: It's the Saint!!!

Commander: That's the Saint?

Elsa's exclamation makes Elia stop her speech, and the clamor among the people turn into cheers.

The joyous refugees crowd eagerly around the Saint and the unconscious refugee, forming an impenetrable barrier.

Elsa: My Lady! My Lady!

Elsa: Ahhhhh, I can't see anything! Quit pushing!

Commander: ...

Commander: ...Let me help you.

I can only see the so-called saint's back through the milling crowds.

I struggle to lift Elsa higher, and her excited cries blend into the cheering of all the refugees, turning the world into an ocean of joy.

???: ...

Meanwhile, the Saint, who might as well be at the very center of the world, says nothing as she quietly treats the refugee.

After confirming his illness, I see her trace a mysterious sigil over the refugee's wounds, and after a series of these rites, the Saint slowly rises again.

Refugee: (Groans) What am I doing here?

???: You're fine. You just need to rest for a while.

The dazed refugee sits up groggily, and the Saint in white prepares to leave.

Elsa: My Lady! My Lady!

Refugees: It's the Saint! It's the Saint! Praise be to God!

Elia: Blessed be the mercy of God, for the Holy Lady walks among us!

Elia leaves the stage with a beaming smile on her face.

Elia: Today is Bohnsdorf Day, My Lady. Your arrival is truly a blessing from the Lord.

???: You flatter me. I simply did what I should.

Elia: There are several more patients in my room back in the village, I'll take you to them.

???: Sure.

Elia: Please proceed to the dining hall after this.

Elia: Today, we will not be having the standard relief rations, but a sumptuous feast. Please, help yourselves, everyone.

Elsa: My Lady! My Lady! Wait for meeee!
Part 9: Lurking

9

On the outskirts of Berlin, near Bohnsdorf.

The AR Team and Dandelion are carefully scanning all nearby signal emissions.

RO635: There are tons of Paradeus forces hidden in this village of Bohnsdorf.

M4 SOPMOD II: What are they doing in a refugee settlement anyway?

ST AR-15: Who knows?

I throw a worried glance at the AR Team.

Commander: If there are Paradeus forces around, you'll be spotted the moment you go in, right?

Dandelion: Yes, there are many detector units in Bohnsdorf.

ST AR-15: ...

Commander: Looks like I'm the only one who can slip inside.

RO635: Commander, that's too risky!

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah! At least take me with you!

Commander: Relax. I'm suggesting this only because I'm confident I can pull it off.

I pick up a pair of binoculars and resume my observations on the refugees walking freely through Bohnsdorf...

...Inside Bohnsdorf.

After disguising myself as a refugee, I successfully bluff my way past the checks and enter the village.

Commander: Thank you for all the help you've given me. Come to think of it, I still don't know your name.

???: No problem! We should all be helping newcomers!

???: I'm Elsa! What's your name?

Commander: Uh... I'm Robin.

Elsa: Robin? Okay, I'll remember that...

Elsa: Then let me show you around the village!

Commander: Alright.

I lightly tap my micro communicator and send the AR Team the code that indicates I'm safe.

After that, this eager young girl drags me into this mysterious village...

...The next morning, I lean against the window and watch the scenery outside while checking in with the AR Team.

RO635: Commander, we haven't found any suspicious targets yet.

Commander: That's fine. After all, it's been less than 24 hours since I arrived.

RO635: We'll continue searching.

RO635: Oh yes, Bohnsdorf is going to hold an open day tomorrow. Dandelion has already hacked the system to give herself a fake identity and invitation.

RO635: That way we'll be able to support you from two sides at once.

Commander: Copy that.

Commander: I believe tomorrow is also Bohnsdorf's founding anniversary...

A series of rapid footsteps comes from the staircase and I immediately hang up.

Elsa: I just knew you'd be spacing out here again, Robin. Let's go eat.

Elsa laughs innocently as she addresses me by the alias I'm using for this mission.

Commander: Sure. Thanks for helping me out. Things would be a lot harder to get used to if it weren't for you.

Elsa: You just arrived here, so it's normal. This is a secret, but although Frau Elia looks really strict, she's actually a really nice person.

Elsa: She's got everything here planned out nice and proper!

Commander: Well, the important thing is that I get to stuff my face all day without doing any work...

Elsa: Well, you can try applying for some work to do once you're done with your food. They've built a lot of houses recently to take in a new batch of refugees.

Commander: Sounds great.

Commander: That way I'll be able to learn more about this village.

The lunch bell rings, and the refugees form orderly lines as they wait for their lunch.

The woman known as Frau Elia stands at the serving window and holds a thick stack of booklets, dispensing a stern yet gentle admonition to everyone in the queue.

Elia: We thank the Lord for the food He gives us.

Elia: We thank the Lord for giving us homes.

Refugees: Praise be to God!

Elia: All who believe in the Lord shall receive happiness and peace.

Elia: All who defy Him shall suffer disaster and judgment.

Elia: We survive by the labor of our hands and the body given to us by the Lord.

Elia: All who believe in false gods shall be punished by the Lord.

Elia points to several refugees kneeling off to one side. The other refugees passing by lower their heads and pretend they can't see them, as though trying to prove their devotion.

I can't suppress my curiosity and quietly ask Elsa about them.

Commander: ...What does believing in false gods mean?

Elsa: It means doing things forbidden by God, such as bringing electronic devices with them, implanting electronic devices in themselves, indulging in entertainment...

I study the kneeling refugees discreetly. Their faces are deathly pale.

The one thing they all have in common is that they look gaunt, emaciated, and clearly malnourished. Some of them even show signs of ELID infection.

Elia: God grants us grace! Paradeus is God!

Elia: Today's prayer is over. Please collect your food in an orderly manner.

Elia: You few will return to the confinement room to continue reflecting on your sins.

The kneeling refugees thank her profusely before rising in gratitude to leave the dining area.

One of them is missing a leg, and judging by the exposed wounds that I can see, his prosthetic leg was forcibly removed.

He tries to stand up several times but to no avail. The passing refugees continue to ignore him and do not acknowledge his presence at all.

Commander: Isn't anyone going to help him?

Elsa: No! Don't do that!

Commander: What do you mean?

Elsa: "The friends of the sinner share in his guilt."

Elsa: If you help him, you'll also be regarded as a traitor...

Commander: ...

Elsa's little hand tugs on mine, and all I can do is watch as that refugee crawls like a worm under the cold gazes of the surrounding people, writhing his way back to the confinement room without a single shred of dignity...

Elsa: Robin, you're next!

It's finally my turn. However, the first thing that's shoved into my hands turns out to be a booklet.

Elia: Robin, you're new to the village, so these are the village rules, which you must obey.

Commander: Right.

Seeing that Frau Elia has no intention of letting me go, I have no choice but to hastily flip through the pages.

The contents aren't too complicated. Naturally, there are stories and legends about Paradeus and very strict rules and regulations to follow, but there's hardly any information about the leader and the origins of the religion.

Elia: You can read this book every day and I am sure you will gain something different from it each time.

Elia: So, do you have any questions after your first read-through?

Commander: I do have a question, Frau Elia. Why are we forbidden to use any kind of electronic devices, even those needed to ensure basic survival?

Elia: Are you doubting our Lord?

Elia had been all smiles just a moment ago, but her expression is now grim and terrifying.

Commander: I'm sorry, I wasn't...

Elsa: Don't be mad, Frau Elia!

Elsa: Robin just doesn't know how things work around here, I'll explain everything later.

Elsa: Actually, Robin wants to help out and was even hoping you would assign some work.

Elia: Is that so?

Elia's face softens a little.

Elia: Diligence is a virtue. Once you have finished eating, come over to help me take care of the new arrivals.

Commander: Yes, I will.

Elsa: Thank you, Frau Elia.

I breathe a sigh of relief, then pick up a sandwich stuffed full of vegetables and a drink before heading to the dining area with Elsa.

Elsa: We can't use any electronics here. Frau Elia is super scary when it comes to this.

Commander: But that man can't even walk without his cybernetic leg...

Elsa: Well, he just has to bear with it and get used to it. Electronic devices poison our bodies.

Elsa: Do you see all those people with ELID infection? It's because they were in contact with too many electronic devices, and they had to come here to survive...

Elsa: If Paradeus hadn't saved us, then we wouldn't be living such good lives!

Commander: ...

Commander: Is that what the villagers taught you?

Elsa: Yup. Paradeus brought us together and gave us food and a place to live.

Elsa: Naturally, we need to repay that with fervent exaltation.

Commander: ...

Elsa: Hurry up and eat, Robin.

Elsa: Afterwards I'll go with you to do some work.

Commander: Alright.

When the brief lunch period is over, I go to the village checkpoint with Elsa.

The checkpoint is outside the village entrance, and it is already buzzing with activity by the time we arrive.

Some people are in charge of registration and some are in charge of inspection. The sheer number of refugees who need to be checked and the ban on comms equipment result in extremely low work efficiency.

Commander: I've checked all these people...

Commander: Looks like the mission objective might not be in this village. Might have to consider leaving.

Elsa: Quit spacing out, Robin!

Elsa: All these people need our help!

Commander: Oh, alright.

I take the supply packs and hand them to the refugees who are awaiting inspection.

Many refugees in the waiting queue are afflicted with ELID symptoms, but Elsa shows no fear of physical contact at all.

Elsa: Hello! Please accept Bohnsdorf's supplies!

Commander: Elsa, come over here.

Elsa: What is it, Robin?

Commander: You do know ELID is contagious, right...?

Elsa: Sure I do! But I'm not scared!

Commander: ...Let me guess, it's because the faithful of Paradeus are immune to disease?

Elsa: Hahaha, no, silly. It's because we have the protection of the Saint!

Elsa: Even if we have ELID, she can cure us right away!

Commander: The Saint? Is that a Paradeus legend or something?

Elsa: She's a real person! You wouldn't know because you're new...

Elsa: in the past, Bohnsdorf had ELID patients too, but they were all cured thanks to the Saint's purification!

Commander: Can the Saint really cure ELID?

Elsa: Course she can! You'll see once she arrives.

Commander: And when will that be?

Elsa: Maybe in a week, maybe in a couple of days? As long as there are sick people, she'll show up. But whether you can meet her is up to Fate!

Commander: If we can't find the mission objective, investigating this Saint might still be worth it.

I'm just about to ask Elsa more about the Saint when Elia quietly walks up behind me.

Elia: Elsa, Robin, enough chatter.

Elia: There are many people here who still need places.

Elia: Also, our founding anniversary is tomorrow, and we're counting on you to help with the festival arrangements, so please put some effort into it.

Elsa: Ack, she caught us slacking.

Commander: Of course.

One task follows another, without even a pause for breath.

Elsa and I work until nightfall before we return to our homes to rest.

Tomorrow is September 20th, 2064, the anniversary celebration of the founding of Bohnsdorf, and the end of my infiltration.

I wonder how the others are doing as I slowly drift off into sleep.
Part 10: The Birth of Apate II (mid-stage)

10

Elsa jumps down and hastily runs after the Saint.

The refugees cheer and surge toward the dining hall.

Once I'm certain nobody is looking, I slip off to the appointed location and activate my micro communicator.

Commander: Is everyone in position?

RO635: Is everything okay, Commander?

Dandelion: It's been a while, Commander. I almost thought you'd fallen in love with the lifestyle here.

Commander: ...Things are fine on my end.

Commander: How about you? Keep it brief.

RO635: In keeping with the plan, we've infiltrated the village through the lightly-guarded side gates and taken the high ground. Now we're standing by for further instructions.

RO635: Commander, the number of Paradeus units in the village today has increased. Would you like to bring forward your withdrawal time?

Commander: Relax, everything is going as planned.

Dandelion: I'm in position too. I've blended in with the other rich patrons and successfully entered the wealthy quarantine zone of Bohnsdorf.

Dandelion: By the way, Commander, this is a "fake refugee village".

Commander: What do you mean, "fake"?

Dandelion: I can see everything you're doing from there. It's like a circus.

Dandelion: All the forbidden areas in Bohnsdorf are fitted with one-way mirrors and cameras. These wealthy people have come here to secretly observe them.

Commander: ...Say what?

Dandelion: Also, I didn't spot anyone suspicious on the list of wealthy people that Elia provided.

RO635: We didn't find anyone suspicious either.

Commander: ...So there's nobody suspicious in the village. Looks like the past few days were a bust.

Commander: Oh yes, do you know anything about that Saint?

RO635: I saw her heading to the temporary first-aid station in the north.

RO635: Dandelion, why is it so noisy on your side? Have you been noticed?

Dandelion: The "Saint"? What an interesting entity.

Dandelion: The wealthy people here started howling like wild animals the moment she appeared. They were bidding high prices to receive her private attentions.

Dandelion presses her communicator to the slit of the door, and I can hear terrifying cries coming through it.

RO635: ...

Commander: Move it away. I'll have nightmares if I keep listening to it.

Dandelion: In any case, that's how things are over here.

RO635: Commander, are you going to investigate this Saint?

Commander: Well, I can't just leave empty-handed.

Commander: I'll try and make contact with this Saint afterwards. Judging by Elsa's reaction, she seems to have the utmost faith in her.

RO635: Understood. We can move ahead of schedule if anything unusual happens.

Dandelion: I need to go. They'll get suspicious if I'm gone for too long.

Commander: I'll look into the Saint. We'll meet at the rendezvous point when it's time.

RO635: Roger!

I follow the information the AR Team has provided me and find the Saint's trail.

Elia: ...Your faith must be mighty indeed to heal so many people.

???: Faith? I don't have anything that profound.

???: I simply wish to heal as many ELID patients as I can. That is my mission.

Elia: Giving of yourself to cleanse the world is the holy purpose of a saint.

Elia: Surely you will not shun other forms of self-sacrifice, no?

Elia: Everyone here will gladly sacrifice themselves if it will make the world a better place.

???: I doubt that.

???: But I myself...have no such reservations.

Elia: I knew you would understand.

Elia: Ah, we're here. In here, please.

The door to Elia's room slowly opens, and the two head inside.

Elia's room is much larger than the refugee aid stations, and many people are already waiting inside...

Commander: This doesn't look like a treatment room...

???: Ah—

A squeal comes from inside the room.

There's no time to think. I rush over to the door to see what's going on.

Through the gap, the furious flurry of discharging flashbulbs very nearly blinds me.

???: No! This isn't a ward for the ill!

Rich Man 1: My Lady! Take a picture with me!

Rich Man 2: My Lady, please autograph my body! Anywhere will do!

???: There's...There's too many people... Please... Let me go!

The Saint is driven into a corner by the ardent throng, and she nervously clutches at Elia.

???: Elia, save me...

Elia: My Lady, this is one of the ways to make Bohnsdorf a better place.

Elia: You've devoted much of yourself to cure ELID infections before. This is simply another way of doing that...

Elia ignores the Saint's fear. She shrugs off the hand grasping at her and walks into the crowd indifferently.

???: Noooo! Let me go!

???: I don't want to be here! Please, somebody... Anybody, please take me away! I don't want to be here!

Rich Man 3: You really are a saint. Even the way you beg is so...exciting.

Elia's departure makes the wealthy people in the room even more lascivious.

They clutch their cameras, their video recorders, their autograph books...and shove them up into the Saint's face.

???: Save me... Please save me...

I don't know if it's because of my anger or the Saint's helplessness, but I can feel the door trembling.

???: No, I don't want to be here...

Her wail of despair seems to resonate in my chest...

My hand moves of its own accord to the door. I can save her if I can just get rid of this annoying lock.

Anger courses through my arms and I end up ripping the door off its hinges with my bare hands.

With the door now out of the way, I ignore the galaxy of flashlamps discharging in the distance and zero in on the frail white figure tumbling backward into my arms.

Commander: Come with me!

???: ...

Commander: Come with me if you want to leave.

Elia: Robin! What are you doing?!

Elia: Get out! You shouldn't be here!

The Saint offers me a trembling hand.

Before anyone else can react, I grab it and run...

Angry shouts come from behind me.

Rich Man 1: Quick, stop them! Have the entertainment Dolls block them!

Rich Man 2: Elia, you'd better think of something or else your future sponsorship—

Rich Man 4: Stop them!!!

Commander: RO! Dandelion!

Commander: My cover's been blown! I need backup ASAP!

RO635: Roger! Heading over now!!

Dandelion: While I can understand your sloppy work is due to having never done this before, only you could so brazenly abduct someone in broad daylight.

Commander: Stop making jokes at my expense and think of a way to hold them back!

Dandelion: I've hacked into the entertainment Dolls, they should be able to stop some of your pursuers.

Dandelion: Follow this road to the village entrance. RO will meet you there and I'll catch up shortly after.

The voices behind me gradually fade into the distance as we sprint down the road leading to the entrance.

???: ...Robin, is that your name?

Commander: No, but you can call me that for now.

???: My...My name is Machlian...

A few villagers suddenly burst out from a fork in the road, and Elia's voice grows louder.

Elia: Robin is kidnapping the Saint!!

Elia: Everyone, stop them!!

Commander: Dandelion!

Dandelion: Please hold.

A group of entertainment Dolls emerge from parts unknown and begin grappling with the villagers.

However, most of the villagers are still in pursuit.

Elsa: My Lady!

Elsa: Robin, what are you doing?!

Elsa: That's our Saint, how could you—

Machlian: Elsa...

Commander: ...

Elsa is part of the crowd. Her eyes fill with tears as she gapes at me in disbelief.

There's no time for me to explain. All I can do is drag Machlian to the meeting point.

Elia: Robin is a traitor!

Elia: A traitor and a heretic! Stop them!
Part 11: The Birth of Apate II (end)

11

We run wildly without looking back.

Thanks to Dandelion's remote support, I finally see the AR Team come into view and can breathe a sigh of relief at last.

Commander: My cover was blown and the mission is a failure.

Commander: More importantly, let's get Machlian out of here—

RO635: ...

ST AR-15: Isn't this woman our mission objective?

M4 SOPMOD II: She looks just like the woman in the picture!

Commander: What?

My heart skips a beat. I immediately turn to get a better look at Machlian. Her hood has been blown off her head at some point.

Machlian: ...

And she looks identical to Morridow.
Part 12: Hemera Points to the Light I

12

...Outside Bohnsdorf, on the outskirts of Berlin.

I stare at Machlian in shock, or should I call her "Morridow"?

Machlian: Who are you people...?

Once she realizes the Dolls are not humans, she starts to panic.

Machlian: You're not human... What are you going to do to me?!

Machlian: Did they send you to capture me?

Machlian takes out a small knife, but her hands are shaking from fear.

Machlian: Stay back! Don't touch me!

Machlian: I won't go back with you! I'll never go with you!

Commander: Calm down, please!

I try to soothe her while secretly taking out a dose of sedative.

Machlian: If you come any closer, I'll—

Machlian's angry retort suddenly cuts off halfway as she suddenly flops to the ground.

Behind her, SOP-II dusts her hands off and beams with the satisfaction of a job well done.

Commander: ...What did you do to her, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: It was a pain trying to get through to her. But look, Commander, that calmed her right down, didn't it?

RO635: ...Don't worry, Commander.

RO635: I checked, she's just passed out. Her life isn't in danger.

Commander: ...Just go easy on her next time!

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay, okay, I got it!

Dandelion: Bickering among yourselves before you're even out of danger—that's just like you lot.

Following the mocking voice, I see that Dandelion has finally reached the rendezvous point.

Commander: What happened? You're two minutes late.

Dandelion: Do you know how hard it was to get away from that crowd of disgusting humans without hurting them?

The frenzied cries of delight echo in my ears again. My stomach twists at the memory of that horde of rich people cornering Machlian...

Commander: ...

Commander: Let's mount up.

I'd obtained a small truck locally beforehand in order not to arouse suspicion while leaving.

RO and Dandelion are in the front seat while I squeeze into the cargo compartment with Machlian.

ST AR-15: What are we going to do with her, Commander?

Commander: Well, the problem is...I'm not sure if she's actually Morridow.

Dandelion: Going by her appearance, she is completely identical to Morridow.

Commander: Still, just because they look alike doesn't necessarily mean that they're the same person...

M4 SOPMOD II: We'll find out once we question her, right? I mean, we just can't let her go, can we?

Commander: ...Of course. Let's follow the mission directives and bring her to the appointed location.

RO635: Alright.

RO starts up the truck and drives toward our destination with practiced ease.

Dandelion: I believe I should point out that a large Paradeus force is trying to encircle us.

Commander: You mean the ones lying in wait within the village? We'll ambush them piece by piece as planned.

Dandelion: No, their numbers suggest there are reinforcements.

Dandelion: There are simply too many of them for us to handle.

Dandelion: If we stick to the original plan, we will be stuck here for two or three days.

Dandelion has already sent a map of the Paradeus signal locations to my command tablet.

Commander: Wait a minute. What's going on? You should have scanned the village and the surroundings already.

Commander: How did a Paradeus force of this size suddenly show up here?

Dandelion: Their origin is still unknown.

RO635: And they showed up at just the right time. They certainly weren't here in the past few days while we were lying in wait, but they've chosen now of all times to attack.

I look into the rear-view mirror and notice RO's suspicious gaze falling on Machlian.

Commander: Prepare for battle. Avoid them if you can, break through them if you can't.

RO635: Understood.

...15 minutes later, on the outskirts of Berlin.

After shaking off several scattered patrols, we proceed down a small track towards the city.

Dandelion: Commander, they seem to have locked onto us. Paradeus' entire force is drawing closer.

Commander: What secrets does Machlian hold that Paradeus would mobilize en masse in pursuit?

Commander: In any case, don't let them pin you down! Try to lose them!

M4 SOPMOD II: But we're driving! They can't catch up, can they?!

Dandelion: Based on our speed and that of the Paradeus pursuers, the chances of them catching up to us are—

Bang bang bang!

Gunshots ring out from behind us.

Dandelion: Looks like we aren't the only ones on wheels.

RO635: Commander, they've almost caught up with us. They're close enough for me to detect their unit positions...

RO635: Which means we are also in Paradeus' detection range.

Commander: Full speed ahead.

I can feel the intense bloodthirst coming from behind even if she hadn't pointed it out.

There is absolutely no way we can stand up to a Paradeus force of this size with our current complement of Dolls.

M4 SOPMOD II: They're here!

ST AR-15: Dammit, how did they catch up so fast?!

RO635: Dandelion, watch the road!

I look back and a sea of white has crested the slope behind us, descending upon us like an avalanche.

Dandelion: Too late.

Commander: RO, get into the forest.

Commander: 15, SOP-II, try and slow down the enemy.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay! Finally, some exercise!

ST AR-15: Commander, please move to the front passenger seat. SOP-II and I are going to open the rear doors.

Dandelion: Please swap places with me, Commander.

Commander: Alright.

I scoop up Machlian, who's still unconscious, and carefully move from the cramped cargo bed to the front passenger seat.

RO635: Commander, will we need to change our route?

Commander: I'll plan the route. You focus on driving.

The Paradeus pursuers are now close enough that they can be seen with the naked eye...

Dandelion: At current speeds, I estimate they will catch up to us in five minutes.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why don't you just hack them all again?!

Dandelion: Hacking such a large Paradeus force at once would be very taxing, even for me.

The combination of Dandelion's hacking and the AR Team's firepower takes down the front line of the Paradeus forces, but there is seemingly no end to their reinforcements...

M4 SOPMOD II: They're getting closer!

ST AR-15: Go faster, RO!

RO635: I've already got the pedal to the metal!

Bullets whiz past, almost grazing the truck's chassis, but RO no longer pays them any attention.

RO635: Take note, we'll be entering the forest area in 3 seconds.

ST AR-15: Roger.

Thunk!

Following the loud noise, the truck starts rocking like a boat tossed by an ocean wave...

Right after that, we finally enter the forest, which conceals us from the enemy's view for the moment.

Slender branches scrape at the vehicle's exterior...

RO635: Commander, our tires are blown!

Dandelion: I recommend abandoning the truck immediately. It is no longer of any value.

ST AR-15: But they'll catch up to us right away if we don't have a vehicle.

M4 SOPMOD II: Those Paradeus units run like the wind!

RO635: Commander, what should we do?

Commander: ...

Commander: I have an idea.
Part 13: Hemera Points to the Light II

13

A battered truck comes to a halt within the quiet forest.

From a distance, all that can be seen is the edge of a torn white cloak poking out from a shattered window.

The Paradeus forces have streamed into the forest and surrounded the truck, but they do not approach.

???: Scouts, send out a team to investigate the interior of the truck.

???: All other units, continue forward and find the target.

A team of scouts cautiously approach the truck while the rest of the Paradeus forces search for tracks...

???: Look carefully and check if this truck is a trap. Let's see what tricks a mere human can pull...

The scouts flank the truck from various angles...

Boom!

As the scouts approach, the abandoned truck explodes and takes out the nearby Paradeus forces.

???: Humans will be humans. I can't believe they used such a clichéd trap. The Griffin Commander is taking us too lightly.

Turning her back to the explosion, the petite girl studies the messy tracks on the ground coldly.

???: Hehe, you've hidden your trail pretty well, but it's pointless...

???: After all, you'll fall into my hands in the end! ♪

Boom! The sound of an explosion comes from the distance.

M4 SOPMOD II: I wish I were there to see them get blown up...

Commander: ...

I saw everything Paradeus just did through the camera we left in the truck.

The way they surrounded the truck is a telltale sign that there's a high-level commanding unit nearby...

RO635: Commander...

Commander: I know. A high-ranking leader is directing them.

ST AR-15: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: So basically, we've got a Paradeus unit on Nimogen's level following us?

Dandelion: That would be troublesome. None of the high-level Paradeus commanding units we've encountered so far were beaten by conventional methods.

Commander: ...

Commander: Don't slow down. Carry on.

Machlian remains asleep on my back. Right now, I'm actually starting to envy her.

M4 SOPMOD II: I can hear their footsteps!

ST AR-15: Dammit, they sure run fast.

RO635: Commander, we're almost in Paradeus' firing range!

Dandelion: We can't shake them at this range. Why don't we make the first move?

Commander: ...

Commander: Prepare for battle.

Commander: Right now, our aim is to break out of this while staying alive.

RO635: Got it!
Part 14: Hemera Points to the Light III

14

Bang bang bang! Bullets hit the ground behind us. While we're still outside of accurate firing distance, our pursuers are clearly about to catch up to us.

Commander: Dandelion!

Dandelion takes control of the closest Paradeus troops chasing us.

It's obvious that her stamina is being taxed to its limits.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll take you all on! Rip and tear!

RO635: SOP-II! Don't be reckless!

ST AR-15: Any rounds left, RO?

The AR Team is deep within the enemy formation and on the verge of being overrun. If I can't think of a way to get us out of this, they'll swamp us all...

???: Greetings, Commander.

Commander: Who's that?!

RO635: We're out of rounds and they've even hacked our comms?!

???: Please do not worry. We are Squad Griffin, sent here to pick you up in accordance with the mission directives.

???: Allow me to introduce myself. I am VP1915 Villar Perosa, but you can call me Perosa.

M4 SOPMOD II: So we DO have a pickup!

Commander: How can you prove that?

Perosa: The Earl said that you would understand once you saw this seal.

Perosa holds a wax seal up to the communicator.

It is imprinted with the image of a mighty griffin baring its claws, surrounded by intricate designs.

It is exactly like the one on the mission document I received.

Commander: ...So it's the Earl. I see.

Perosa: According to the intel provided by the Earl, these Paradeus forces are only active on the outskirts of the city. They seem to be prohibited from entering the city area.

Perosa: Derringer and Savage are coming over to support you. I will guide you remotely to help you shake off your pursuers.

Commander: Alright, so those two—

Bang bang bang—

Just as the Commander contemplates their next move, the sound of unfamiliar gunfire erupts from behind them.

Dandelion: I'm picking up IFF signals belonging to two high-end I.O.P. Dolls, but they're not on the Griffin base roster.

???: Hi, Commander~ This doesn't seem like the best time for a chat...

???: We're here to lend you a hand, Commander.

Perosa: They've arrived, Commander. Now, please run toward the slope at 1 o'clock as quickly as you can.

RO635: They're only two Dolls, will they be alright?

Perosa: Please have faith in my judgment.

The two unfamiliar Dolls exchange smiles. Their fighting stances show that they are fully in sync with each other.

???: Leave this place to us!

???: Please do as Perosa directs and head into the city proper.

Commander: ...Got it.

Commander: Let's not waste any more time. Everyone, to the city!

...In a hidden patch of forest.

A petite figure grits her teeth as she watches the Commander's party flee to the city area with the help of Squad Griffin.

???: What?! They're fleeing in that direction... But Big Sis won't let me go there!

???: They're going to escape, just like that... And all I can do is watch...

???: Why is this happening? (Sobs)

???: How am I going to explain this to Big Sis? How—

White Nyto: They are about to enter the city. Shall we continue giving chase?

The girl turns and sends the white Nyto flying with a slap.

The black Nyto standing beside her trembles in fear, not daring to look at the white Nyto's head as it rolls past her feet.

???: Chase?! You're nothing but a pack of stupid dogs, all you can do is bark and chase!

???: Hurry up and find out who the hell met up with them!

After not getting a response for a long time, the girl angrily picks up the white Nyto's corpse.

???: What's the matter, cat got your— Huh? Where's the head?

???: ...

???: Trash is trash. One slap and your head's gone.

Black Nyto: ...

The girl disdainfully discards the white Nyto's corpse. The black Nyto standing nearby falls to her knees and dares not move.

???: You.

Black Nyto: Y-Yes...?

???: Do you know your mission?

Black Nyto: Yes, I do!

???: Make sure you do a good job and don't disappoint me, or else...

The girl pats the black Nyto on the head jovially.

Black Nyto: ...I-I won't disappoint you!

The black Nyto practically flees from her, leaving the little girl to glare at the Commander's group as they recede into the distance.

???: Not bad. You're pretty pathetic in a fight, but you do run very fast.

???: But don't get too cocky, we'll meet again.

???: And when we do, I'm going to twist your spine into a pretzel...
Part 15: Shoulders of a Griffin I

15

...Berlin.

With the help of two unfamiliar Dolls, we successfully enter the city proper.

Upon entering the bustling urban districts, another unfamiliar girl makes her way through the crowds, heading towards us.

Commander: Whew...

???: Greetings, Commander.

???: Perosa!

???: We've finished our mission, Perosa.

Commander: You're...

Perosa: I am VP1915 Villar Perosa. We just spoke over the communicator.

Perosa: Just call me Perosa.

Commander: Thank you for your help.

Perosa: Just doing our job.

Perosa: Now, please allow me to formally introduce my teammates.

Perosa: This is Derringer, our squad's electronic warfare expert.

Derringer: Want some candy?

Perosa: This is Savage 99, our designated marksman.

Savage: Nice to meet you, Commander.

Commander: Nice to meet you too...

Commander: So what's going on here? How did the Earl know we would be there at that time?

Perosa: This way, please.

Faced with a barrage of the Commander's questions, the Doll called Perosa merely smiles.

Dandelion: I don't think she intends to answer you, Commander.

Commander: Then I'll just have to ask the Earl myself.

Led by Squad Griffin, the Commander enters the Old Town district and arrives before a certain building.

Its exterior is mottled from the passage of long years, but its classical proportions are still enough to make one stop to marvel at it.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, this place looks really grand.

Perosa: This is it.

Derringer: I'll get the door!

Derringer hops lightly up the stairs and grabs the handle.

Derringer: Huh? Why won't it budge...?

Savage: Let me take a look.

Perosa: ...

Squad Griffin inspects the door more closely.

???: Hey hey hey!

???: Are YOU the ones trying to get in without passing the Earl's test?

???: Kolibri, don't be rude!

???: My apologies, Commander...

Perosa: These two are members of Mr. Griffin Lyons' protection detail, Kolibri and Fedorov.

Kolibri: Humph, you sure took your time.

Fedorov: Nice to meet you, I'm Fedorov...

Commander: Nice to meet you too...

Commander: So, what do I need to do in order to meet the Earl?

Perosa: Fedorov, you explain.

Fedorov: Alright—

Kolibri: Let me do it!

Kolibri: If you want to meet the Earl, you need to solve the code lock on the door by yourself!

Fedorov: ...

RO635: It looks like quite an intricate device. If we tried to break it by force, we might damage the building.

Perosa: My apologies, Commander. The door lock has been engaged.

Perosa: If you wish to enter, you must solve it.

Commander: Alright... So all I need to do is open this lock, then?

Perosa: Yes, you just have to solve this puzzle, Commander.

Perosa slides open a panel on the door, revealing the mechanism within.

The Commander walks up and studies it carefully.
Part 16: Shoulders of a Griffin II - Secret for flipping all markers to 'K'

16

Dun-dun-DUNNN! Something seems to have appeared on the map!
Part 17: Shoulders of a Griffin III

    17chevron_right

Berlin.

As the lock disengages with a "ka-click", the door to the building slowly opens.

Several lights come on within the dark room.

Zzzzt—

The holographic image of a man appears in the doorway.

???: Good afternoon, Commander.

Commander: Good day, Sir.

???: You seem a little stiff, Commander.

Commander: ...Well, not every Griffin Commander has the chance to meet you in person.

Commander: I've heard my fair share of rumors about you.

Griffin: Rumors are just that—rumors.

Griffin: Right now, I am just an old man, performing some insignificant administrative work.

Griffin: You can think of me as an ordinary senior citizen, Commander. We are much closer than you imagine.

Commander: But how could I do that, Sir? After all, you're...

Griffin: Just call me "Griffin", Commander.

Griffin: I hope we can be less formal around each other while we're in private.

Commander: Um... Alright, Mr...Griffin.

Griffin: (Chuckles)

Griffin: While this is a memorable first meeting, I regret that I can only speak to you in this manner.

Griffin: I hope you are not too offended.

Commander: No, of course not.

Griffin: Thank you for being so understanding, Commander.

Griffin: I, too, have heard a lot about you.

Griffin: At first, I thought someone like yourself, who has been on the battlefield many times, would have the indelible scent of bloodthirst and murder about them.

Griffin: But it seems to me that you are simply a kind and polite young person.

Commander: I have not been through a fraction of what you have experienced.

Commander: And I do not wish to become like my enemies.

Griffin: Haha, do pardon the ramblings of an old man.

Griffin: I am simply delighted to see you.

Griffin: Kryuger has always had a good eye for talent, and I have always favored useful and capable individuals.

Griffin: Please excuse this bad habit of mine.

Perosa: Sir.

Griffin: Ah yes, please, sit down. No need to be so stiff.

Griffin: Let us move on to the main subject, Commander.

Commander: Of course.

Griffin: Now then, before we begin...

Griffin: Commander, I believe you have already encountered this person.

Commander: Indeed, I have found Machlian... However, there are many things about her which do not match the data provided.

Commander: Before conclusive evidence is available, I would not recommend considering her and the person in the picture to be one and the same.

Griffin smiles.

Griffin: You ARE a sharp one, Commander. Kryuger's opinion of you was not inflated.

Griffin: Indeed, the person in the picture is not the Machlian whom you've met.

Griffin: Rather, she is the Paradeus agent who was planted by Ange's side in Bremen. She stole the name of Morridow and infiltrated our government.

Griffin: For the sake of convenience, let us continue calling her "Morridow".

Commander: So is Machlian Morridow?

Commander: Or...are they two identical-looking women?

Griffin: That is what I hope you will find out.

Commander: ...

Griffin: I have also arranged a consultant for you regarding this problem.

Commander: A consultant?

Griffin: I believe you will be very happy to fight side-by-side with Captain Angelia Tsoi.

Commander: Ange? She's in Berlin too?

Griffin: Perhaps it is time the two of you finally met.

Griffin: I am sure you have a lot to ask her about Bremen and Morridow.

Commander: Alright, I see.

Commander: Thank you... Truth to be told, Ange is my most reliable friend.

Griffin: Indeed, your most reliable friends are often found by your side, Commander.

Griffin: I hope that after the two of you compare notes, you can become a capable agent for us in Berlin.

Commander: You want me to investigate Paradeus' plans for Germany?

Griffin: You should begin by looking into Machlian. I believe your efforts will be fruitful.

Griffin: I imagine you have already noticed the anomalies in Bohnsdorf.

Commander: ...The villagers seemed to be worshipping Machlian in a strange fashion.

Commander: Their religious and cult-like behavior certainly matches up with Paradeus' modus operandi.

Commander: Their sermons also validated my suspicion... Paradeus' influence is spreading, and I am sure it is already deeply rooted.

Griffin: Hm, what else have you learned?

Commander: Also, there's Machlian... Or should I say Morridow, or whatever her real identity is.

Commander: It seems Paradeus values her greatly.

Commander: When we were fleeing with her, not only did the villagers come out in force to stop us, Paradeus also dispatched large numbers of troops to cut off our escape.

Commander: That was definitely not an act. Their fixation on Machlian is genuine.

Perosa: Apart from information about Machlian, our previous recon attempts even uncovered the presence of a high-ranking Nyto.

Perosa: However, she did not engage us directly during the latest confrontation.

Commander: Whatever the reason, they were very unwilling to let Machlian fall into our hands.

Commander: Fortunately, we chose to infiltrate them and managed to safely extract her by taking advantage of the enemy's slack security measures.

Griffin: You have done very well, Commander.

Griffin: Kryuger was right about you. You've served up quite a surprise for your first mission.

Commander: Er... Thank you for the praise.

Griffin: Since Machlian is so important to Paradeus, we can make full use of the importance which they attach to her in order to gain more leads.

Griffin: I give you full discretion over how to handle this matter, Commander. I can think of nobody else who is as reliable and understands Paradeus as well as you do.

Commander: ...I understand.

Griffin: Paradeus' activities are growing more frequent throughout Germany.

Griffin: The incident in Bremen was only one of many such cases.

Griffin: Especially now that bloody William has finally managed to extend his claws into Berlin.

Commander: What is this William person like?

Griffin: I came here to look into this very matter.

Griffin: All we know from his actions is that he is very highly placed. Otherwise there is no way to explain how he can mobilize so many resources.

Griffin: I still do not know what he is planning, but I am certain that he will stop at no means to disrupt our...endeavors.

Griffin: He has even orchestrated several terrorist attacks towards that end.

Commander: I will spare no effort in my investigation. but if we end up having to face Paradeus head-on like we did before...

Commander: I fear our current forces are somewhat insufficient.

Griffin: I would very much like to personally provide you with support.

Griffin: However, my current duties will not permit me to do so... Which is why I seek your understanding and forgiveness, Commander.

Griffin: I will not let the opportunities created by your previous efforts go to waste.

Commander: You flatter me.

Griffin: Still, I will assist you to the best of my ability.

Griffin: I hope you enjoy the temporary command post I have prepared for you. The facilities here are quite comprehensive and you may make free use of everything here.

Griffin: In addition...

Griffin: Perosa, you and Squad Griffin will be under the Commander's authority from now on. I want you to give the Commander your full support in all future operations.

<通讯框>;VP1915(0)Perosa: Yes, Sir!

Commander: ...Thank you for your help. However...

Commander: I do not know if I can stop Paradeus' schemes by myself.

Griffin: Nevertheless, I believe you will try with all your might.

Griffin: That's the way you've always done it, no?

Commander: ...

Griffin: Do not underestimate yourself, Commander.

Griffin: The things you have accomplished would be miracles in the eyes of others.

Commander: ...I understand.

Griffin: Something still seems to be weighing on your mind.

Griffin: I might be mistaken, but could it be that I have not yet won your trust?

Commander: No...how could that be?

Commander: It's just... Perhaps going through so much has left me a little high-strung.

Griffin: It is good to be suspicious, and I am willing to use my actions to help quell your suspicions.

Griffin: Kryuger has mentioned your opinions many times before.

Griffin: Perhaps we might not be completely in alignment, but our ideals are one and the same.

Commander: ...To be the "shining beacon in a brave new world"?

Griffin: Everything we do is for the future of ourselves and this world.

Commander: Still, I spent a lot of time thinking when I learned that our company had the same motto as the Rossartrist movement.

Griffin: What did you think about?

Commander: I thought about what I ought to be doing.

Commander: How I could help our country, our society, and our world free itself from the crappy circumstances we're in.

Griffin: A revolutionary needs an appropriate philosophy. I believe we will get along very well.

Commander: I'm not too sure about that, Mr. Griffin.

Commander: Rossartrism paints a beautiful picture of the world.

Commander: But can people really unite and understand each other?

Griffin: ...Perhaps I shouldn't keep you in the dark.

Griffin: Do you want to know how I truly feel about this?

Commander: Please, by all means.

Griffin: My answer is...they cannot.

Griffin: Men will never be able to stand united or understand each other forever.

Commander: What...

Griffin: That is why this world needs order. It needs rules that will FORCE them to unite, to guide them towards understanding each other.

Griffin: Those who cause division must be punished. Those who help each other must be rewarded. Only the existence of such behavior-shaping rules will allow mankind to right its wrongs and return the world to its intended order.

Griffin: Mr. Rossartre was a great pioneer, but he was an idealist.

Griffin: Idealism cannot help us build an ideal world. We must take responsibility for the consequences of our actions.

Griffin: We must build a world order that benefits all of humanity, and to that end we will pay any price.

Commander: And it will be up to "you" to build and dictate the order of the world?

Griffin: It is the heart of man that decides the order of the world. We are merely servants of mankind's interests.

Commander: ...Your answer is a little different from what I expected.

Griffin: Speaking the truth is the best way of dealing with intelligent people.

Griffin: If slogans alone could bring about revolutions, then why would we need to speak to each other here?

Commander: ...

Commander: I have one last question.

Griffin: Go ahead.

Commander: When we reach the end of this road and look back on the things we've sacrificed to get there...

Commander: Will justice and decency be among them?

Griffin: Commander, do you know what fables are?

Commander: ...Fables?

Griffin: "The hedgehog, who serves absolute truth, reduces the world to one organizing principle, raises his spines all over, and staunchly resists all other views."

Griffin: "The cunning and mercurial fox rides the waves of tumultuous times, narrowing his eyes and discerning the discordant voices that can reshape the world."

Commander: The hedgehog and the fox... It sounds more like philosophy.

Griffin: I will not clarify your doubts right now, just as I do not expect you to clarify mind either.

Griffin: But someday... You will make a choice of your own.

Commander: ...Perhaps.

Griffin: In that case, I hope you will bring us good news, Commander.

Griffin: I have an important meeting that I need to attend, so I will bid you farewell for now.

Commander: Yes, Sir.

Griffin executes a gentlemanly bow and switches off the holographic projection.

The Commander's eye falls on the chessboard laid out on the table. What kind of game awaits him this time?

Commander: ...So Ange is in Berlin too?

RO635: Commander, I just received an encrypted message.

Commander: Got it.

I take the communicator from her and play back the message.

Ange: Hi, Commander. Long time no see.

A familiar face appears on the communicator, though Ange looks a lot more haggard than before.

Still, for some reason, it feels incredibly comforting to see someone I know I can count on.

Ange: By the time you see this message, you'll probably have met "that guy".

Ange: I'm sure you're bursting with questions—so am I.

Ange: So come and meet me, Commander.

Ange: I'll be waiting for you at Athena's Owl at 3pm today.

Ange: And just to make it clear, I hate people who don't show up on time.

"Here must all distrust be left; all cowardice must here be dead."

There is no Hell on earth.

Spirits are buried in the ashes; souls fade into oblivion.

Life is fragile. All it takes is a single bullet, a fire, some terrible luck to be snuffed out.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...You can't scare me.

Walking through an intrusive memory in her mind, Ange stands in the midst of an unfolding disaster.

The shivering young girl can only pray helplessly as she cowers behind a blast containment box.

Ange gazes at the girl as her ears are assaulted by ear-splitting noise around them.

Ange: Hey.

Ange: Get up.

Ange: ...I'm telling you to get up.

Amid the commotion, the girl lifts her head and meets Ange's gaze.

In the bottom of her teary eyes lies a whirlpool of heavy darkness.

Ange finds herself tumbling down this endless abyss.

...

Ange: ...

Ange sits up woozily in bed and rubs her temple to clear her head.

AK-12: ...

At this point, she doesn't even bother to ask what AK-12 is doing in her room. She's got used to it.

Ange: Pour me some tea.

AK-12: ...Are you alright?

Only then does Ange notice the grim look on AK-12's face.

Ange: What do you mean?

AK-12: You were moaning and talking in your sleep.

AK-12: You seemed to be having a nightmare. To be honest, it was really unlike you.

AK-12: It grossed me out a bit.

Ange: ...Oh, yeah.

Ange: I dreamed that I went back to Statesec. Zelinsky threw me a welcoming banquet.

Ange: All the dishes were duck.

AK-12: You hate duck?

Ange: I'd rather eat dirt.

Ange places a hand on the back of her neck as she softly cranes it this way and that, making it click.

AK-12 knows better than to ask any more questions. She simply gets up and makes a cup of very strong tea, which she leaves on the bedside table.

AK-12: The Commander got in touch.

Ange: Tell them we'll be in Alt-Berlin in an hour.

Ange: We'll meet at Athena's Owl.

AK-12: Okay.

Placing her hands on her knees, Ange eyes the tea stalks floating vertically in the tea cup.

Ange: Do you think the Earl can be trusted?

AK-12: Don't tell me you've forgotten—he is a friend of Shaw's. Don't expect me to badmouth him.

Ange: I've never liked him.

Ange: Our meeting has only confirmed my belief.

Ange: We have nothing in common.

AK-12: But he is helping us, that's a fact.

AK-12: And he has a point when he says that we don't have a choice, Ange.

Ange: ...

Ange takes out the coin from her pocket again. She peers down at it and lets out a snort.

Ange: It irks me to be completely at his mercy.

AK-12: But there really is no other way.

AK-12: Besides, what he's asking you to do is on your own agenda to begin with.

AK-12: He just rubbed it in your face to rile you up.

AK-12: And speaking of your agenda, we had a little chat with the Stasi whelp this morning.

Ange: ...You mean Light?

AK-12: Yes.

AK-12: You don't seem to like him?

Ange: Quite the contrary.

Ange flips the coin up and catches it on the back of her hand.

Ange: He may be young, but he's level-headed, meticulous, good in a fight, and most importantly, he has impeccable manners.

Ange: J is right—he has great potential and a bright future ahead of him. I have a lot of admiration for him.

AK-12: However?

AK-12 ponders for a moment and points up.

Ange: However, I initially held Morridow in exactly the same regard.

Ange lifts her hand and reveals the heads of the coin.

AK-12: I've never seen a male Nyto.

AK-12 looks a little glum.

Ange: You know that's not what I mean.

Ange: I'm not saying there must be something wrong with Light, but after what happened in Bremen...

Ange: I can't bring myself to trust anyone who popped out of nowhere.

Ange shrugs and pockets the coin again before picking up her cup of tea and taking a sip.

AK-12: But on the bright side, if he really turns out to be another spy...

AK-12: Then Paradeus has basically delivered an opening wrapped as a gift straight to you, don't you think?

Ange: We'll leave him be for now.

Ange: Back to the subject—what have you found out?

AK-12: Everything the Earl told you checks out.

AK-12: Shortly after we and the Stasi captured Leone, she was transported to Berlin on official notice.

AK-12: Once she arrived, she filed an appeal.

AK-12: The court ruled that she suffered serious mental and physical trauma and exempted her from serving a sentence.

AK-12: That's how she got off scot-free.

Ange: ...

AK-12: You're going to break your cup.

Ange: Where is she now? At a sanatorium?

AK-12: That's right. She's at Galatea Sanatorium, enjoying the best security and treatment.

Ange: For god's sake.

Ange slams the tea cup down onto the table, spilling more tea than she has drunk.

AK-12: And as RPK has previously mentioned, all data in the Flora Institute has been wiped clean.

AK-12: We cannot trace them directly, but fortunately, the Bremen government has some public records of several people and organizations who have worked with the Institute in the past.

AK-12: We've compiled a list.

Ange: We're looking for a mysterious figure who's located in Berlin, in a position of considerable power, interested in Leone's research—could be working in some relevant fields themselves, gained prominence in the last two years, and has an otherwise unknown past.

AK-12: I'm afraid there isn't such a person on our list.

Ange: I knew it wouldn't be so simple.

Ange takes the file from AK-12, flips through a few pages half-heartedly, and puts in on the table.

Ange: Let's leave that for now. We'll discuss the rest after our meeting with the Commander.

AK-12: You're really looking forward to it.

Ange: Even a fish would poke its head out of water to breathe if there's no oxygen in the water.

Ange: Let's go.

AK-12: Okay~

...

The Commander, panting heavily, flings the door open and steps onto the wooden floorboards like a high school student who barely makes it into the classroom in time.

Bartender: ...

This out-of-place newcomer has instantly attracted the attention of the handful of customers and staff inside the bar. The piercing stares are making them a little uncomfortable.

Commander: ...Ahem, uh... Excuse me.

The Commander enters the bar and carefully closes the door. They scratch their head and apologize for the disturbance.

Slam!

Just then, an even more abrupt noise comes from the back of the bar, drawing away all the hostile glares.

???: What are you lot looking at?

Swinging her legs up onto the table, the ferocious-looking woman snaps at the other customers.

Realizing she isn't to be messed with, everyone averts their eyes and returns to their own business.

The Commander chuckles to themselves as they walk up to the woman's table, drag over a chair and sits down.

Commander: Could you remove your boots from the table, please?

Ange: You should learn the proper way of dealing with people like these, Commander.

Commander: I simply wished to keep a low profile... Is it really okay for you to be so conspicuous?

Ange: Humph... Don't you worry.

Ange: Who knows how many of them are actual customers?

Ange snorts and lowers her voice.

They proceed to eye each other wordlessly.

The first to break the awkward silence is the Commander.

Commander: Pleased to finally meet you, Captain Tsoi.

Commander: I am the AR Team's current commander, also in charge of Area S09 under Griffin's jurisdiction.

Ange: Pleased to meet you, Commander. I am Anna Viktorovna Tsoi...but you can just stick to calling me Ange.

Ange: Seriously? Do we have to do this?

Commander: Well, the ice has to be broken, right?

The Commander chortles.

Ange: How about a drink?

Commander: No, thanks. I have an upcoming operation, so I shouldn't.

Ange: Get them a ginger ale.

Ange snaps her fingers at the waiter and makes an order. Then she lifts her legs off the table.

The Commander watches Ange with a smile.

A little unnerved by the stare, Ange frowns.

Ange: What, you don't like ginger ale?

Commander: That's not it. I'm just suddenly struck by the fact that we're actually having a conversation face-to-face.

Commander: I've never seen this side of you through the communicator.

Ange: You talk too much.

Ange crosses her arms and snickers.

Ange: So you've talked to DEFY?

Commander: Yes, I've also met RPK-16. We talked at the submarine base.

Commander: She's working for you now?

Ange: More or less. How many Dolls have you brought with you?

Commander: Just the AR Team and 404, plus Dandelion, of course.

Commander: The Earl has also supplied an additional Squad Griffin.

Ange: You've met him?

Commander: Not exactly, but we did talk.

Ange: How do you find him?

Commander: This was the first time I've talked to the Earl ever since I joined Griffin.

Commander: He strikes me as a very different man compared to Mr. Kryuger...but is equally bold and driven.

Ange: Why has he summoned you to Berlin?

Commander: For the same reason you're here.

Ange: You know what I'm doing here?

Commander: I'm unaware of the specifics.

Commander: But I suppose it's about Paradeus.

Commander: After all, this is why you've come to Germany in the first place...and I can't exactly pretend I didn't know about your operation in Bremen.

Ange: ...Humph.

Ange grunts. She drops an ice cube into her empty glass and pours herself some whisky.

Ange: He asked you to come to Berlin so that he'll have another moron doing his bidding and risking their life for him.

Commander: You seem rather antagonistic towards the Earl.

Ange: The Earl and Mr. Kryuger are as different as night and day. If Kryuger is like you, then the Earl is more like me.

Ange: We will stop at nothing to achieve our ends, but he's even more ruthless than me.

Ange: I suggest that you don't trust him too blindly.

Commander: I won't, Ange.

Commander: Because we aren't risking our lives for anyone in particular.

Commander: Everything we do is for the sake of making this world a better place.

Ange: I sure hope so.

Commander: What's the situation on your end? Any new breakthroughs?

Ange: My endeavors in Bremen proved to be fruitless, and I haven't made much headway here in Berlin either.

Ange: I did come into contact with someone from Paradeus, but she escaped.

Commander: You mean...the woman called Morridow?

Ange: Yes.

Commander: Actually...I came across a person by following a lead provided by the Earl.

Commander: She bears a remarkable resemblance to Morridow.

Ange: What?

Commander: Let me finish.

Commander: The resemblance is purely physical. From what we can see, it's most probably a different person.

Commander: Her name is Machlian, and she's been active in Bohnsdorf—a village nearby—before we captured her.

Ange: In case you don't know, do let me warn you.

Ange: Morridow is an expert of infiltration and disguise. She's deceived me and Ulrich and even managed to fool DEFY.

Commander: Right, that has been accounted for.

Commander: Which is why we're still keeping this Machlian under observation... Though Dandelion hasn't noticed anything odd so far.

Commander: I'll notify you immediately if there's any new development.

Ange: You left her on her own? You're leaving a Nyto unsupervised?

Commander: Dandelion and the Squad Griffin are keeping an eye on her. Not to mention she's still unconscious.

Ange: Hm... Alright.

Ange: But don't hold out too much hope.

Commander: I won't.

Ange: The Earl told me that William is planning something big in Berlin.

Ange: Then he just dumped all the work onto my lap and left, saying he had more important stuff to do.

Ange: I hope he didn't mean picking you up from the airport by that.

Commander: I doubt that's what he meant.

Commander: He never met me in person. He simply issued my orders through the comms.

Commander: But...what could William be up to?

Ange: I don't know yet.

Commander: If that's true, we don't have much time.

Ange: I'm well aware of that.

Commander: ...I'll have Dandelion look into it once I get back.

Commander: We may be able to find something useful.

Ange: The bait I left in Bremen hasn't been entirely gobbled up yet.

Ange: Whoever it is, she's given herself away, and I'll soon have a lead.

Commander: Got it.

Commander: If you need any help, please get in touch.

Commander: I'll come at once.

Ange: ...

Ange swirls the whisky around in her glass. After a brief moment of silence, she cracks an unusual smile.

She stands up from her chair and walks over to the Commander.

Commander: What, are you going to snap my neck?

The Commander looks up at her in bemusement and asks jokingly.

Ange: ...

Ange does not answer. She simply pats the Commander on the shoulder and downs her drink in one go.

Then she slams the glass down next to the Commander's ginger ale.

Ange: Phew...

Ange: That felt good.

The Commander blinks. They are about to say something but then think better of it.

Ange has been through a lot. The Commander can tell immediately.

And right now, in this unfamiliar country, they're pretty much the only person she can trust.

With this in mind, the Commander smiles and clinks their own ginger ale against Ange's empty glass, then knocks back the ginger ale as well.

Ange has done the best she could. The Commander knows this, and there is nothing more to be said.

Unless they actually want Ange to break their neck.

Commander: So we have an agreement?

Ange: Yeah, I've taken up enough of your time.

Commander: Then I'll be heading back.

Commander: If Machlian wakes up, I'll have a lot of questions for her.

Ange: Machian...or Morridow?

Commander: ...Machlian, for the time being.

Ange: Humph... Alright.

After seeing off the Commander, Ange shakes her head lightly and taps the comms in her ear.

Ange: Enough with the chit-chat, 12.

Ange: Get ready. We're paying Leone a visit.

Clink.

A melting ice cube slides down and knocks against the bottom of the glass.

The bar is now empty.

...
Part 2: Cretan Liar

2

Outside Galatea Sanatorium.

Light: Frau Angelia!

Light catches up to Ange, panting heavily.

Ange: Boy.

Ange comes to an abrupt halt.

Light: Hm?

Ange: If the situation were any different, I would never have let you follow me around.

Ange: If you insist on working with me, we've got to lay down some ground rules... First of all, don't "Frau" me.

Light: Uh... Sure?

Ange: We'll leave the rest till later.

Ange turns away coldly and marches on.

Light: (Sighs)

AK-12: Don't mind her. Ange isn't being particularly hard on you.

AK-12: She's like that to everyone.

Light: Okay... Thanks.

Light smiles helplessly at AK-12 and gives her a nod before catching up with Ange again.

After a few paces, the grandiose building appears before them. Ange stops again, seemingly in no hurry.

Ange: So this is it? The sanatorium where Leone's been admitted to?

Light: Yes, Leone is currently receiving treatment here.

Ange: Humph... I didn't think she'd agree to meet.

Ange: If she refused to see me, I wouldn't be able to force her in this kind of place.

Light: Fortunately, Leone seems quite eager to talk.

Light: She accepted your invitation almost immediately.

Ange: I hope she'll give us something useful.

Ange crosses her arms and glances at the main entrance.

Ange: For a place that's meant to be peaceful and quiet, there are a lot of random people hanging around, don't you think?

Ange: 15?

AK-15: We're detecting a large amount of cameras.

Light: ...Oh.

Light seems to have realized something and scratches his head sheepishly.

Light: They're from Berlin Television Broadcasting.

Ange: Berlin Television Broadcasting?

Light: The main branch of the Deutscher Fernsehfunk, the largest state-sanctioned broadcasting company in Germany.

AK-12: What are news reporters doing here? Other than Leone, are there any other high-profile patients in this sanatorium?

Ange: Maybe...it isn't a patient.

Ange gazes at the door thoughtfully.

...

In the sanatorium.

An interview with a certain high-profile figure is well under way in an isolated room.

Shadowless: Thank you very much for making the time to attend this interview today, Mrs. Gray.

???: You are very welcome. This is something we've agreed upon.

???: It is very important for someone like me to play nice with exceptional reporters like you.

Shadowless: You jest. As one of the best surgeons in Germany...in the entire world, even...

Shadowless: I doubt you'd need to pay any heed to public opinion.

Mrs. Gray: Haha... I don't believe it is a reporter's job to sway public opinion.

Mrs. Gray: Your remark makes it clear that you still harbor some kind of misunderstanding and skepticism towards me.

Mrs. Gray: The way I see it, your job is to showcase the true side of society for more to see.

Mrs. Gray: In a certain sense, you are the bridge through which we communicate with the people. It is entirely up to you to convey our aspirations accurately.

Shadowless: Does that mean you consider yourself separate from "the people", Mrs. Gray?

The young and attractive reporter asks a very pointed question, but this woman known as Mrs. Gray is not fazed at all.

Mrs. Gray: Indeed. Many are afraid of admitting this⁠—a fear that I don't understand.

Mrs. Gray: As a doctor, I have dedicated most of my life to spreading hope to more people.

Mrs. Gray: This is precisely why I know better than anyone else that scalpels alone will not improve people's lives.

Mrs. Gray: I wish to become an advocate who can bring about positive change and improve the welfare of the people.

Mrs. Gray: To do that, I must first come to terms with what I'm doing.

Mrs. Gray: If I don't even have the courage to admit it, why should people believe in me?

Shadowless: You sound exactly like a politician.

Shadowless: But I must say you are incredibly persuasive. If you ever decide to run for office, I will definitely vote for you.

Mrs. Gray: Thank you, Miss Shadowless. You honor me with your support.

Shadowless: Now back to the subject. We wish to learn more about "Idunn", the new anti-Collapse serum that Galatea is about to distribute, in the interview today.

Shadowless: Idunn is being marketed as an affordable but highly effective drug. According to the spokesperson of your company, it is completely unlike any other existing drugs.

Shadowless: This bold claim has been called into question by multiple scientists and dignitaries, but as a surgeon, you are extremely outspoken in your support for Idunn.

Shadowless: Nobody doubts your professional skills or ethics, but it's quite interesting that you would vouch for Galatea's product even though you are in their employment.

Shadowless: Does your support stem from any commercial consideration?

Mrs. Gray: I agree that to an outsider, it must be strange for a surgeon to vouch for an anti-Collapse formulation.

Mrs. Gray: After all, certain medical fields are sometimes so far apart they might as well be different industries altogether.

Shadowless: People are having misgivings mostly because of this. How would you respond to such doubts?

Mrs. Gray: Here's my response—don't worry, I will never exploit the trust that my patients have in me.

Mrs. Gray: I may have a bit of a reputation, but I'm still only one among all my fellow physicians.

Mrs. Gray: My confidence in Galatea's new product is based on its own merits. I simply wish more people will benefit from its success and receive better medical treatment.

Shadowless: Thanks to Galatea's prevalent marketing campaign, Idunn's alleged effects are no secret in Berlin.

Shadowless: The drug has indeed yielded some remarkable results in clinical trials, but it still has to go through a lot of standard procedures before official distribution can begin.

Shadowless: The general public perceives this vetting process as evidence that the government is impeding Idunn's distribution and is even taking to the streets in protest.

Shadowless: Is this a premeditated marketing strategy on Galatea's part?

Mrs. Gray: ...

Cameraman: ...Hey, Shadow!

Mrs. Gray: The recent unsanctioned demonstrations in Berlin are deeply regrettable.

Mrs. Gray: Galatea gives the government its full support and understanding in following standard procedures. We also have absolute confidence in passing the rigorous vetting process.

Mrs. Gray: Please wait patiently for dawn to break.

Mrs. Gray: Do not fall before the first ray of sunlight pierces the darkness.

Shadowless: Thank you once again for attending this interview.

Shadowless closes her notebook and bows politely to Gray.

Mrs. Gray: I'm sorry that the interview had to be cut short.

Shadowless: No problem at all. I understand you have an extremely busy schedule that's frequently subjected to last-minute changes.

Shadowless: I am a bit curious though—why have you suddenly made a detour to this sanatorium? Do you have patients here?

Mrs. Gray: No, this visit is not work-related; it's a personal matter.

Shadowless: I see.

Shadowless: In that case, we'll be taking our leave. The interview will air after some editing.

Mrs. Gray: Thank you, Miss Shadowless.

Shadowless: Don't mention it. Just doing my job... Hm?

Shadowless suddenly lets out a sound of surprise while she is packing her bag.

Mrs. Gray: Is something wrong?

Shadowless: No... It's nothing. I just saw a familiar face.

Shadowless: Sorry, Herr Wechsler, please tidy up for me. I'll be right back.

Cameraman: Hold on, Shadow!

Shadowless leaves the room in a rush.

Mrs. Gray: Then if you'd please.

Cameraman: Dear me... Young people are always so driven.

Cameraman: If she caused any offense with her youthful candor, please do forgive her.

Mrs. Gray: Not at all. Miss Shadowless is a brilliant young lady.

Mrs. Gray gets up from her chair languidly.

Mrs. Gray: Excuse me while I go to the restroom.

...

Mrs. Gray: ...

The running faucet under which Mrs. Gray is washing her hands produces the only sound in the otherwise quiet restroom.

Mrs. Gray fastidiously cleans her long, slender fingers with foamy soap and rinses it under the faucet.

Mrs. Gray: I don't take unscheduled interviews.

After pulling out several tissues, she starts tidying up her appearance in front of the mirror and says out of the blue.

Ange: ...

In an inconspicuous corner of the mirror, a woman suddenly emerges.

Ange: Your reputation precedes you, "Lady of Ashes".

Mrs. Gray: Please, just call me Gray.

Mrs. Gray dries her hands and inspects them again. Satisfied that they are thoroughly clean, she balls up the tissues and discards them in the nearby garbage can.

Ange: You don't seem at all concerned about being stalked by a stranger.

Mrs. Gray: If you were a stranger, I would have alerted the guards immediately.

Mrs. Gray: But I do have the patience to entertain a certain Miss Anna Viktorovna Tsoi.

Ange: You know me?

Mrs. Gray: You are quite the big name in the Berlin government right now.

Ange: Should I be surprised that a doctor knows all about the government?

Mrs. Gray: A lot of my patients gossip.

Ange gazes at the reflection of Mrs. Gray's serene face in the mirror and softly closes the restroom door.

Ange: I have some questions for you.

Mrs. Gray: As a fellow woman, don't you understand the importance of respecting a lady's moment of privacy?

Through the mirror, Mrs. Gray sees what Ange just did, but it doesn't seem to alarm her. Instead, she casually takes out her pressed powder.

Ange: I don't have the need to preen in front of a mirror in a restroom.

Mrs. Gray: With that face, I can see why you don't.

Ange: You've heard of Leone Michel, I gather?

Mrs. Gray: Of course. Leone is an expert in biochemistry.

Mrs. Gray: Galatea has offered an olive branch to her many times, which she repeatedly refused.

Mrs. Gray: She is certainly a woman of character—just like you, Miss Angelia.

Ange: Her character didn't do her any good.

Mrs. Gray: Hard to say if yours will also lead you down the same fate.

Ange's eyes narrow at Mrs. Gray's subtle threat.

Ange: There seems to be more to your relationship with her than you're letting on.

Mrs. Gray: Sorry to disappoint, but I am both mentally and physically a heterosexual female.

Mrs. Gray: Otherwise, you would make a decent partner.

Ange: ...

Mrs. Gray puts away her powder and fishes out a lipstick. She turns around and looks at Ange.

Ange's gaze drift from the lipstick in Gray's hand up to her lips out of reflex as the flirtatious remark sinks in.

Gray seems to have no intention of applying the lipstick. She is just playing with it, twisting the lipstick piston up and down.

At her mocking and disdainful gesture, Ange inhales through gritted teeth and balls up her fists.

Ange: You know exactly why I've brought up Leone.

Ange: She couldn't have committed those crimes in Bremen all by herself.

Ange: She has somebody behind her, who pulled some strings to have her transported to Berlin—to this very facility—after she was arrested.

Ange: They also helped her evade legal sanctions.

Mrs. Gray: What a gruesome tale.

Mrs. Gray: So let me get this straight... You suspect someone exploited their authority to help Leone escape her punishment.

Mrs. Gray: Then you appear before me under such pretext.

Mrs. Gray: How astonishing. What on earth have I done to raise your unfounded suspicion?

Ange: The Flora Institute has a very limited number of collaborators, especially in Berlin.

Ange: The only person on that list who also happens to be here is you, Mrs. Gray.

After twisting her lipstick up and down countless times, Gray finally lifts it up to her lips and applies it delicately.

Ange watches her go through the practiced motion. Her lips, painted bright red to begin with, appear even more sultry.

Mrs. Gray: Is that all you've got?

Mrs. Gray: I don't even know what to say... Don't you think you've made quite a few logical leaps in your deduction process?

Mrs. Gray: The Angelia I've heard so much about is an extraordinary special agent.

Mrs. Gray: Not some third-rate detective who makes groundless accusations based on subjective speculations.

Gray replaces the cap on her lipstick and smacks her lips lightly with hooded eyes.

Ange is still watching her unblinkingly, gauging her reaction.

Ange: You've worked together. That's evidence enough for me.

Ange: A surgeon collaborating frequently with Leone, who specializes in biochemistry.

Ange: What were the two of you doing?

Gray lifts her head and stares at Ange coldly. She slowly reaches into the right pocket of her coat.

Ange: ...

Ange is bracing herself for whatever Gray extracts from her pocket, but it turns out to be nothing but a lollipop.

Mrs. Gray: Miss Angelia.

Mrs. Gray: If I remember correctly...you're from the Soviet Statesec, aren't you?

Mrs. Gray: From my limited understanding, there has been some conflict between you and Statesec, and you do not answer to them anymore.

Mrs. Gray: Yet here you are, all alone in Germany, being in frequent contact with the Stasi.

Mrs. Gray: If everything I just stated is true, I must admit you have me very much intrigued.

Mrs. Gray: What exactly are you doing here? What happened between you and the Neo-Soviets?

Ange: ...Humph.

Gray shoves the wrapping she just removed into her pocket and puts the lollipop into her mouth, leaving only the stick hanging outside.

Mrs. Gray: Everyone has their secrets, Miss Angelia. I understand if you do not wish to satisfy my curiosity.

Mrs. Gray: After all, who doesn't have a skeleton in their closet?

Mrs. Gray: My situation is also rather complicated. Trade secrets are still secrets, even if they aren't anywhere near as important as state secrets.

Every word she just said sounds like jab at Ange.

Ange: Your non-answer is an answer in itself.

Ange: This whole business lacks a logical explanation.

Ange: And since you refuse to give me one, I'm afraid I'll have to substitute it with my own.

Gray's lollipop stick wiggles up and down like the pendulum of her thoughts.

After a moment of silence, she shrugs and opens her mouth hesitantly.

Mrs. Gray: Actually, I answered this very question just a few minutes ago...asked by a reporter.

Mrs. Gray: The research of the Flora Institute is indeed rather irrelevant to my profession, but I have never been one to be constrained by such field categorizations.

Mrs. Gray: I simply wish to make this world a better place—I know you may find that hard to believe, but it is the truth.

Mrs. Gray: I have both the interest and courage in trying new things as long as I see the potential.

Mrs. Gray: This goes for Leone's work as well as Idunn. I have also funded a lot of other research. If you're so inclined, you may investigate them one by one and I'll be happy to assist in your investigation. After all, I don't know if there are other cases like Leone in my portfolio.

She lets out a sigh. The lollipop knocks against her teeth inside her mouth.

Mrs. Gray: Leone is very talented. Her research could have been such a boon for humankind.

Mrs. Gray: I deeply regret that she has gone down this misguided path.

Ange: She was used.

Ange: The real source of evil is whoever's manipulated her from behind the scenes.

Mrs. Gray: Then I sincerely wish you all the success in hunting down this manipulator and bringing them to justice.

Ange: ...

Ange's fingers twitch.

It suddenly occurs to her that she is dealing with someone who's a different kind of trouble.

Ange: What if the people who interviewed you finds out about this scandal?

Mrs. Gray: Then I'll be forced to issue an apology.

Mrs. Gray: I will apologize for not discovering my collaborator's criminal intent in time and denounce the Flora Institute for their unethical practices.

Mrs. Gray: Meanwhile, the Gray Institute of Biotechnology will make a donation to support medical aid.

Ange: After that, this incident will be swept under the carpet, along with anyone who investigated it?

Mrs. Gray: You Soviet agents are so amusing.

Mrs. Gray: Don't make a movie villain out of me, Miss Angelia.

Mrs. Gray: I really do like you, you know.

Ange: ...Do you now? Well, I don't know what I've done to deserve your admiration.

Mrs. Gray: Perhaps one day, we will find ourselves standing on the same side, fighting for the same goal.

Mrs. Gray: Before that, I don't mind making friends with someone like you—I don't usually bother wasting so much time on idle chit-chat with people I don't like.

Gray straightens up and makes for the door. She puts her hand on the door knob.

—!

Ange grabs her by the arm out of reflex.

Ange: ...

Gray's arm is incredibly slender. Ange has the feeling that she could snap this important tool upon which Gray's entirely livelihood depends if she just applied a bit more strength.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Other than wiggling her lollipop stick, Gray does not react to Ange's impudent action.

She gazes at Ange's arm and after a two-second pause, she reaches into her pocket.

Mrs. Gray: Your prosthetic limbs seem to be in terrible condition, Miss Angelia.

Mrs. Gray: You are very welcome to visit me at my private clinic.

Mrs. Gray: I'd be happy to fix you up, free of charge.

She produces a name card and offers it to Ange.

On the card is her name, "Mrs. Gray", and the address of her clinic.

Ange: ...

Ange slowly releases her grip and takes the name card wordlessly.

Ange: Are you this friendly to everyone?

Mrs. Gray: Not at all. You're a special case, Miss Angelia.

Ange: Am I? I wonder why.

Gray takes the lollipop out of her mouth with an ambiguous half-smile and tosses it into the garbage can by the door.

She suddenly leans in close to Ange, who takes a step back instinctively, only to find a wall directly behind her.

Mrs. Gray: It's been a pleasure talking to you, Angelia.

Mrs. Gray: ...Tell me, do you miss the time you spent in Bremen?

Gray's lips hover right next to Ange's earlobe. She murmurs each word distinctly in a low, husky voice.

Ange: ...!

While Ange is still frozen in shock, Gray has already opened the restroom door and swanned off.

Ange: Wait!

Ange recovers from her momentary daze and bursts through the door in pursuit.

Gray is already on the other end of the hallway with two security guards in tow.

Just before she disappears around the corner, she glances back at Ange with a sly smile.

Ange: Flipping hell... Dammit!

Ange punches the wall in anger. Sprinkles of dust fall from the ceiling.

The toilet in a locked cubicle inside the restroom suddenly flushes. The door opens and RPK-16 saunters out.

RPK-16: What an interesting woman, don't you think?

Ange: It's her.

Ange: She's the one behind Leone! There's no mistake!

RPK-16: What a shame. Maybe I should've made my move before she left?

Ange: ...There's no point. We can't do anything to her.

Ange: She knows that, which is why she was being so brazen.

RPK-16: Should we just take her out?

Ange: That's even more pointless. Paradeus surely has more than one Gray.

RPK-16: I understand.

Ange inhales deeply to collect herself.

Gray's face is deeply imprinted into her mind.

Ange: This isn't over yet... Just you wait.

...
Part 3: Reflection (side)

3

...

Shadowless: Hold on!

A familiar figure flits past. Shadowless dashes out of the reception room in pursuit, but the figure is nowhere to be seen.

...

She stands at the intersection and glares sullenly at the empty hallways.

Assistant: Sh-Shadow!

Assistant: You gave me such a scare... What's the matter with you? Why did you run off all of a sudden?

Assistant: What if we made a bad impression on Mrs. Gray?!

The assistant comes running after Shadowless and admonishes her while still out of breath.

Shadowless finally gives up. She turns back and shakes her head at her assistant.

Shadowless: Sorry, I thought I saw someone I knew...

Shadowless: Did Mrs. Gray say anything?

Assistant: Well, no...

Shadowless: Really? That woman sure is a crafty one.

Assistant: Shadow!

The assistant's eyes widen in alarm.

Assistant: That's Mrs. Gray you're talking about! How could you say that?

Shadowless: Eli, if you truly want to become a good reporter, you must learn to see through these celebrities' facades for whom they really are.

Assistant: But Mrs. Gray feels genuinely like a good person...

Assistant: Besides, we really do need cheaper drugs desperately.

Assistant: They finally developed one. Isn't this fantastic news for the people?

Shadowless: Personal morals are irrelevant to people like her.

Shadowless: I'll refrain from commenting on Mrs. Gray's position, but she is very smart and knows exactly what we reporters want to hear—I'll give her that.

Shadowless: She always says just the right thing to win people over.

Shadowless: She didn't get to where she is today with just her pretty face.

Shadowless shoves her hands into the pockets of her trench coat and looks in the direction of the reception room with a piercing gaze that seems to see through all deception.

Shadowless: Idunn could indeed be an effective cure... But this cake will be gobbled up long before the people who need it most can even get to it.

Shadowless: Remember, Eli—our job as the media is to uncover and piece together the truth.

Shadowless: The nature of our work requires us to be critical of everything we see.

Shadowless: At the very least, we must give the full picture so that the public can have all the facts, and not just things that these people want them to know.

Assistant: ...This is way too dark.

Assistant: Your way of looking at things, I mean.

Shadowless: It's reality, Eli.

Shadowless: These corporations and the government are all birds of a feather.

Shadowless: Don't be fooled by their glamorous appearance. In the end, the only ones we can trust are ourselves.

Shadowless watches as her other colleagues leave the reception room with all their packed equipment.

Shadowless: Let's head back.

Assistant: Okay...

The group make for the main exit with Shadowless trailing behind. She stops and looks back at the hallway behind her.

Assistant: Shadow?

Shadowless: Coming.

After the press corps has left, Light strolls out from a corner that Shadowless' gaze has swept over.

Light: ...Her sixth sense is sharp as ever.

Click.

Ange: Light, where are you?

Ange: We're done over here.

Light: Right. I'll be right there.

Light turns off his comms and strokes his chin.

...She didn't see me, I hope.

With a faint sense of unease, he once again retreats into the blind spot of the CCTV system.
Part 4: Heraclitus' River I

4

...

In the courtyard of the sanatorium, gentle sunshine caresses the grassy lawn, filling the air with an earthy aroma.

Nurse: Look, Frau Leone.

Nurse: The cornflowers are blooming.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...Sorry, could you push me somewhere else?

Leone: I don't want to see any flowers.

Nurse: Oh...sorry.

Leone: It's alright.

Leone: Also...it feels a bit chilly. Could you fetch me a blanket?

Nurse: Chilly? Sure, I'll go get one from the medical room. Please stay where you are.

Leone: Ha...

Leone looks down at her arm in a cast. Her fingers are trussed up.

She can't even stand up from her wheelchair.

The courtyard of the sanatorium was the work of a famous landscape designer. All the flowers and herbs have been chosen and planted with great care.

Everything within sight exists to alleviate stress.

Leone takes a deep breath.

...They probably don't get a lot of patients who are sensitive to the scent of flowers.

What do they do with patients with hay fever?

Clatter.

A presence suddenly emerges from behind. Her wheelchair is being pushed by the handles once more.

Leone: That was quick, Nurse.

Ange: I forgot your blanket though. I hope you don't mind?

Leone: ...It's you?!

Leone tries to jump to her feet unconsciously, but Ange presses her down firmly on the shoulder with her bionic arm.

Ange: Hush... I just want to talk.

Leone bites her lip. She is shivering all over in fear. She does not dare defy Ange.

Not just because her very life is in Ange's hand right now, but also because the sight of Ange reminds her of the white specter that has plagued her mind incessantly.

Leone: I believe I've told the caretakers to send you away.

Ange: And you think I'd walk away just like that?

Leone: ...

Ange: You agreed to meet me. What changed your mind all of a sudden?

Ange eyes Leone intently. She doesn't look at all like a recuperating patient. She looks rather haggard, as if she has recently been through an ordeal.

Ange: Was Gray here to see you?

Leone: !

Leone flinches, which confirms Ange's suspicion.

Ange: She heard you were going to meet us and came to warn you, didn't she?

Ange: Did she tell you to keep your mouth shut? You know something that she doesn't want anybody to find out, don't you?

Leone: Stop asking. I won't tell you anything.

Leone grips the armrests of her wheelchair, her feeble body still trembling.

She looks incredibly frail, but at the same time very resolute.

Ange: You know I won't give up so easily.

Leone: You don't understand at all, Angelia.

Leone: She isn't someone that a small-time special agent like you can mess with.

Leone: For your own sake...just forget about this whole business. Let us both have some peace.

Leone grows increasingly agitated. Even her broken fingers are curling up.

Leone: ...I just want to live.

Ange: That doesn't sound like something a person who's attempted to commit suicide would say.

Leone: Ha... Thanks to you.

Leone: I have a new-found appreciation for life.

Leone: ...Oh, by the way.

As if struck by a sudden thought, Leone lifts her head.

Leone: They give off very similar vibes.

Ange: Who?

Leone: Gray and your subordinate.

Ange: RPK-16?

Leone: I don't know her name, but I'm talking about the Doll who broke my arm.

Leone: I know it's none of my business, but I suggest that you keep an eye on her.

Ange: You're right—it's none of your business.

Ange sizes up Leone and glances at her watch. The nurse will be returning soon.

Ange: I'll be back.

Leone: Don't bother.

Leone: I won't change my mind.

By then, the presence behind her is already no more.

Nurse: Frau Leone, I'm back!

Nurse: I'm putting the blanket on your lap, okay? ...Hm? W-Why are you so clammy?

Nurse: Frau Leone?

...

AK-12: I gather it didn't go well?

Ange: We're just a bit too late.

Ange: Gray came and threatened Leone. She wouldn't tell me anything.

RPK-16: How efficient of her. Are you giving up just like that?

RPK-16: If you can't bring yourself to do it, I don't mind stepping in... I'm sure Miss Leone would love to continue our intimate little "game".

Ange: No need. Leone is very adamant right now. It won't end well if we force her.

Ange: Leave her be for now. I have another idea.

Ange shifts her attention to Light, who's looking a little disheartened. But once he notices Ange's gaze, he pulls himself together right away.

Light: I will have people watching this place to ensure Leone's personal safety.

Ange: Good. That is certainly a necessary precaution. She may be safe for the moment, but that could change any minute.

Ange: Keep an eye on her for now. We'll tackle this some other way.

Light: Should I gather information on Mrs. Gray?

Ange: She is a possible lead, but I don't see much point in pursuing it. She's constantly under the spotlight. If there's anything fishy about her, somebody would've noticed by now.

Light: So what do you suggest?

Ange: I want to see Powell. Can you make the arrangements?

Light: Powell? He's currently serving prison time. I don't know if we'll get through, but I'll try.

Light: Still, why him?

Ange: You don't need to know. I've got my own plans.

Light: ...Alright.

Light: I'll get started straight away.

Light is a little taken aback by Ange's harsh response, but in the end, he just nods and takes his leave.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 shoots Ange a questioning look and drawls after Light is out of earshot.

RPK-16: Suspicious of him, Ange?

Ange: You got any objections?

RPK-16: No, but just as a reminder, paranoia can affect your judgment.

RPK-16: We're not in Bremen anymore.

AK-12: But Gray was TOO fast. It's too much of a coincidence... This is exactly like how it was in Bremen.

AK-12: Even if it isn't Light, one of his subordinates could be leaking our plans.

AK-12: Don't forget—if Gray has the power to get Leone acquitted...

AK-12: Then she's more than capable of planting moles in the Stasi.

Ange: I know what I'm doing.

Ange: Let's go back to the apartment and wait for Light to get back to us.

AN-94: ...

AN-94 seems to have noticed something. She walks over to Ange.

AN-94: Be careful.

Ange: ...Thanks.

Ange leans on AN-94's arm as she makes it down the stairs slowly.

...

The following day.

Having recovered more energy, Ange undergoes a rigorous vetting process and finally makes it into the interrogation room that Light has arranged.

Light stands outside the door and looks at Ange with some concern.

Light: Are you sure you don't wish to be accompanied?

Ange: Yes, just wait here with DEFY.

Ange: ...Also, well done. You've been very efficient.

Light: My application went through very fast... Almost unsettlingly fast.

Light: This kind of application usually takes a few days to be approved.

Light's words are dripping with implication, but Ange ignores it altogether.

AK-12: Sometimes it's best not to ask too many questions.

AK-12: It won't do you any good, Mr. Light.

Ange: ...

Upon entering the dingy interrogation room on her own, Powell's loathsome face comes into view once more.

Ange settles down quickly and initiates the conversation under Powell's watchful gaze.

Ange: Good morning, Mr. Powell.

Powell: ...Stop beating around the bush, Miss Angelia.

Powell purses his plump, pouty lips, trying to appear tough.

But Ange can spot the beads of sweat forming on his forehead with just a glance.

Ange pulls out a chair and sits down opposite Powell.

Ange: They didn't strip you of your suit? I didn't expect a preacher from Bremen to command such respect even in Berlin.

Powell: Humph... I wouldn't have come this far without a few friends.

Powell's gaze wanders around the room. He dabs at his clammy forehead with the handkerchief in his cuffed hands from time to time.

Ange: And yet your friends are still keeping you locked up in here.

Ange: I hear Leone gets to sleep on a soft mattress in some luxurious lodgings. Any idea why?

Powell: Don't bother. I've told the Stasi everything I know.

Powell: You're wasting your time here.

Ange: I knew you were going to say that, but I just don't believe you.

Ange: A wily old fox such as yourself must've saved a card up your sleeve. Even now, you still think everything is under your control.

Ange: When in fact, you're not in the game anymore.

Powell: H-How dare you?!

Ange must have struck a nerve, as Powell slammed his hands on the desk all of a sudden.

Powell: You know nothing about me, bitches!

Powell: Soon I'll be out of here, then I'll make everyone pay for this!

Ange: ...

Ange pinches the bridge of her nose and shakes her head. She rises from her chair.

Powell: W...What are you doing?

Powell: We're not done yet. Are you leaving?

Powell seems to think Ange got up to take her leave and starts panicking.

Ange: Ah, so you DO understand your situation.

Ange: Do you have any idea what will happen to you if you refuse to cooperate?

Ange: Now you're scared.

Powell: S...Scared? Me? You must be kidding!

Powell: You're the one begging me for information, agent... So fix your attitude!

Ange: Huh...

Ange: Light, turn off the CCTV.

Powell: ...What's the big idea?

Sensing danger, Powell eyes Ange warily.

But Ange doesn't answer. She just circles around to his back.

Powell: I'm warning you! If I—

Slam!

In just a second, before Powell can even finish his sentence, his head is slammed heavily against the metal surface of the desk.

Powell: Gah!

Ange then jerks his head back by his hair, causing him to squeal like a pig.

Powell: You bitch! Let go of me... Oh god! Please, I beg you!

Ange: I've dealt with too many pieces of shit like you.

Ange: I know how easy it is to break you.

Slam!

Slam!

Slam!

Grabbing him by the head, Ange slams him against the desk a few more times.

The skin on Powell's forehead quickly breaks and his entire face is soon covered in blood and gore.

Powell: Ah... Argh!

Ange: I don't have time to waste on garbage.

Ange's slightly hoarse voice sounds no different from a devil's murmur to Powell.

Ange: Tell me—who pulled Leone out and why? What does Leone have on her?!

Powell: I'll tell you! For heaven's sake, I'll tell you everything!

Powell: Let go!

Thunk!

Ange thrusts Powell's head onto the desk one last time before swaggering back to her chair.

Powell sobs and whimpers as he slowly lifts his head. He has long since lost hold of his handkerchief, and there's nothing with which to clean the blood off his face.

Powell: I don't know who it was, but I know why they did it.

Ange: Why?

Powell: Because of her research.

Powell: Before you trashed the Flora Institute, Leone's research had reached a critical stage.

Powell: That person was after Leone's tech, but she refused to share anything but the formulation of the hallucinogen...

Ange: Humph... So I actually did her a favor.

Ange: Leone doesn't have much choice under these circumstances.

Ange: This is part of her plan.

Ange: What else do you know? What is her research about?

Powell: I don't know the details, but it's definitely about some kind of weapon of mass destruction.

Ange: There are many weapons of mass destruction in the world, why are they so interested in Leone's?

Ange: What's so special about it?

Powell: I only know what I know because I was given the opportunity to use it, but even so...

Powell: All I know is that the substance is very easy to conceal and virtually undetectable by any kind of device.

Powell: It's perfect for...

Ange: ...Terrorist attacks.

Powell: Yes, it can be easily delivered to anywhere.

Powell: Just imagine—if I could get a dirty bomb inside the Chancellor's residence...

Powell: What would be beyond my reach? Who wouldn't fear me?!

His pain must have started to subside, because Powell has regained some of his usual insolence.

His teeth are dyed red by his blood, but he's still cackling at his own little fantasy.

Whoosh!

Ange jumps to her feet.

Powell: !

Ange's abrupt movement sends Powell cowering again.

Powell: That's all I know!

Ange: "Planning something big in Berlin..." Dammit, it can't be!

She pays him no mind.

Instead, she places both hands on the desk and mutters to herself with a deep, ponderous frown.

Ange: No... Just knowing isn't enough. I have no evidence.

Powell watches Ange's strange behavior and carefully loosens up, seeing that she doesn't seem to have any intention of hitting him.

After some hesitation, he sniffs.

Powell: I can see that you're still missing one last card in your hand.

Ange: You got any friendly advice?

Powell: I'd hardly call it friendly... Not for a crazy bitch like you...

Powell realizes his mistake the moment the derogatory term slips out, and his voice trails off.

But he refuses to take back what he just said. His face flushes red in either fear or indignation.

Ange stares at him patiently—she won't inflict any more violence on him because she's already got what she wanted.

Powell: Let's make a deal.

Ange: A deal?

Powell: I have a lead...which will definitely be useful to you.

Powell: If you can guarantee my safety, I could...

Ange: Just spit it out.

Ange: You may not even live to regret not making a deal with me while you still can.

Powell opens his mouth and pauses. But as he returns Ange's gaze, he understands that his options are limited. He grits his teeth and fishes out a cigarette case from his pocket.

Ange: What's this?

Ange takes the case and opens it. Inside is a small vial.

Powell: Every prison has its own smuggler, and Berlin Prison is no exception.

Powell: Tobacco, whisky, posters of hot chicks... Where there's a demand, there's a supply; I'm sure you understand.

Ange: Most wardens turn a blind eye to this kinda stuff, sometimes because of bribe, sometimes just to keep the peace... But drugs—that's where they draw the line.

Powell: No, this is no ordinary drug. Obviously not.

Powell: How else would I be able to get it in?

Ange: So what is it?

Powell: You still remember the substance I used in Bremen?

Powell: The one that I got from Leone.

Ange: ...The hallucinogen?

Powell: I have friends in Berlin Prison as well. Word has it...

Powell: This has become all the rage lately.

Powell: A hallucinogen? Being circulated in prison?

Powell: I don't know what it means and I have no interest in finding out.

Powell: But I've given you the lead...now keep up your end of the bargain!

Ange: ...

Ange weighs the cigarette case in her palm and pockets it.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...Who else have you told about this?

Powell: Just you.

Powell: I didn't even know when the Stasi interrogated me.

Powell: So the only ones who know about this are you and me.

Powell: Of course, there's no telling if anyone involved in the smuggling business would let it slip, but that's beyond my control.

Ange: Don't tell another soul.

Ange: I will remember this favor.

...
Part 5: Heraclitus' River II

5

...

AK-12: Ange? How did it go?

Ange: I'll fill you in on the way.

RPK-16: You don't look too happy.

Light: Did you find out anything new?

Ange: Nothing useful.

Ange: He's been pretty much squeezed dry by your colleagues.

Light: ...

Light raises an eyebrow. He opens his mouth to say something but then changes his mind.

Once they are out of the building, Ange hastens back to the apartment.

AK-15 speaks up all of a sudden.

AK-15: Ange.

Ange: What?

AK-15: We are being followed.

Ange: ...

Ange: Shake them off.
Part 6: HR II - Bottom Radar

6

...

Ange: ...First of all, we must trace the source of this drug.

Ange: 12, go and get a line on who's been peddling prohibited goods in prison.

AK-12: Isn't it better to let the actual townie handle this?

AK-12: I mean the whelp.

Ange: He doesn't even know I've got my hands on this vial.

Ange: Now cut the crap. This is a piece of cake for you. I want results in two hours.

AK-12: Alright, alright, leave it to me.

Ange: Well?

AK-12: Yep, piece of cake. The Berlin underworld network is transparent like glass.

AK-12: There are four people smuggling goods into the prison, two of which have gone missing since a while ago.

AK-12: Coincidentally, two new players have taken their places, and as far as I know, the other two have no objections about that.

Ange: Whoever has any objections is now dead.

Ange: Brutal, but simple... AK-15, take over from here. This shouldn't be a problem for you, right?

AK-15: I'll handle it.
Part 7: HR II - Left Radar

7

...

Ange: ...Is this supposed to be the slum in Berlin?

AK-12: The conditions are even better than some regular residential areas in Bremen.

AK-12: The standard of living really varies from city to city.

Ange: 15, what have you got so far?

Ange: ...What's this bloodstain on the floor?

AK-15: He refused to talk unless I offered him something in return.

AK-12: Well, clearly you've made him an offer he couldn't refuse.

Ange: So what have you learned?

AK-15: These two are definitely the source of the hallucinogen circulating in the prison.

AK-15: But they are not the first consignors. They have to report to their superior whenever they receive and distribute a consignment.

AK-15: This superior apparently never deals with them in person.

AK-12: Apparently?

AK-15: I found him.

Ange: Good job.

Ange: Notify RPK. Prepare to move out.

AK-15: Understood.
Part 8: Cracks (side)

8

...

Shadowless: ...The government's refusal to address the citizens' protests is met with further dissatisfaction.

Shadowless: Today, a demonstration in Neuhammer escalated into violence, and two Berlin police officers...

Light: ...

The door opens.

Light: Dinner is in the fridge.

Shadowless: Thanks.

Shadowless: What are you watching?

Shadowless flings her leather handbag onto the sofa and makes her way to the fridge. She takes out a bottle of well-chilled beer.

Light: The news.

Shadowless sips her beer and gazes at the television screen thoughtfully with an elbow on Light's head.

Shadowless: My hair was curling a bit funny, don't you think?

Light: I thought you'd quit drinking?

Shadowless: I only drink non-alcoholic beer after work.

Light: That's fine, and you've been working out.

Light: But still, make sure you stay safe.

Light: You were there at the riot the day before yesterday, weren't you?

Shadowless: Are you teaching me how to do my job?

Shadowless whacks Light lightly on the head.

Shadowless: If I were afraid of taking risks, I would just be holed up in my office, typing away.

Shadowless: This is what it means to be a news correspondent. If you're really worried about me, then quit that nasty job of yours and join me!

Shadowless: I can create an opening for you anytime!

Light: ...You know that's not possible.

Light: We've discussed this many times.

Shadowless: Humph...

Shadowless goes over to sit on the sofa, deliberately putting some distance between Light and herself.

Shadowless: You were at the sanatorium during the day, weren't you?

Light: No.

Light's denial slips out as he finds himself confronted by Shadowless' accusing eyes.

Shadowless: You think you can fool me?

Shadowless: I'm warning you—go talk to Kevin. It doesn't matter who's in charge of this case as long as it's not you; I don't want you anywhere near it.

Light: Why?

Shadowless: It's too dangerous.

Shadowless puts down her beer on the coffee table.

Just then, the news on TV starts showing footages of the riot.

Shadowless: Idunn is a honeypot. The government and many major corporations all have their eyes on it.

Shadowless: You're only 19, why are you getting involved in this? Are you so eager to throw away your life?

Boom!

An explosion goes off on TV, filling in the silence.

Light: Are we really having a debate about who has the more dangerous job here?

Shadowless: I'm not joking.

Light: Me neither, sis.

Light picks up the remote control and turns off the television.

Light: Here's some advice from an insider—don't dig too deep.

Light: This isn't something the media should look into. Back off or you'll get in trouble.

Shadowless: Light!

Shadowless calls out to Light, who has got to his feet. She looks almost pained.

Shadowless: ...You don't have to risk your own life for Mother's work.

Light: This is my choice, sister.

Light: I hope you can understand... If you can't...

He pauses for a moment.

Light: It would make me sad.

With a shake of his head, Light leaves the living room and retreats into his bedroom.

The beer on the table is still bubbling, but Shadowless no longer has the appetite for it.
Part 9: Heraclitus' River III

9

...

Back in the apartment.

Ange places the vial on the table and studies it intently.

AK-12: I could tell from your face that you haven't returned empty-handed.

AK-12 has snuck up quietly behind her.

Ange: Where are the others?

AK-12: I have 94 watching the whelp. 15 and 16 are on the lookout.

AK-12: You don't want him to take part in what's coming up?

Ange: That's because I'm about to cross the line.

Ange: If he finds out, things will get messy.

AK-12: What's the plan?

Ange: First of all, I must track down whoever's slinging this.

Ange: According to Powell, this thing is in ample supply, so there must be more.

Ange: Whoever the supplier is, they must've left traces.

AK-12: What's this?

Ange: The same stuff we encountered in Bremen, remember? Hallucinogen à la Leone.

Ange: But all of Leone's and Powell's stocks should've been seized by the Stasi when they were arrested.

AK-12: So either there is another source...

AK-12: Or they still have spies in the Stasi.

AK-12: Which do you think is more probable?

Ange: ...I know for a fact that Leone and Powell didn't hold all the stock.

Ange: But do you see the implication of such flagrant circulation of this illicit substance within Berlin Prison?

Ange: Who do you think I can trust, 12?

Ange taps the armrest on her chair, her voice wavering sightly.

AK-12: Me, 94, 15, 16, and the Griffin Commander.

Ange: ...

AK-12: You're not alone in this fight, Ange.

AK-12: Relax. You're being too hard on yourself.

Ange: I know...

Click.

Call connected.

Commander: Ange?

Ange: Good afternoon, Commander.

Ange: I hope you have good news for me?

Commander: Well...I don't know if this counts as good news.

Commander: I do have a new lead, but it points toward a tragedy that's poised to happen.

Ange: Just "poised to happen"; not "already happened"—I'll take that as good news.

Ange: Go ahead, what's this about?

Commander: Remember the Earl said William is planning something big in Berlin? I have an inkling of what that may be.

Ange: An inkling?

Commander: William is possibly planning to detonate a dirty bomb in Berlin.

Commander: I saw an image of the aftermath - the entire city covered in Epiphylla.

Commander: Dandelion also believes that this is the desired effect of a certain "plan".

Ange: ...A dirty bomb?

Ange: Are you certain? It's impossible even for William to get something like that into Berlin.

Commander: I'm not sure, but there is evidence to support this conjecture.

Commander: The specific implementation and timeframe are still unclear and under investigation.

Commander: I just think you should know about this.

Ange: Right, got it... You're starting to sound like that old geezer.

Ange: And how are things going with Morridow? Have you obtained any new information from her?

Commander: Mo...you mean Machlian?

Commander: ...Nothing so far.

Commander: I'm working on it.

Ange: If it's not working out, just send her over to me before it's too late.

Ange: I have more ways than one to make her talk.

Commander: No, it's okay, I can handle it.

Ange: Fine.

Ange: ...Say, did something happen?

Ange: You seem kinda out of it.

Commander: Me? No...I'm perfectly fine.

Ange: Don't try to fool me, you should know better.

Ange: Or do you not trust me?

Commander: That's not it!

Commander: (Sighs) ...It's just...um...

Commander: Kalina, my adjutant, spent too long in the Red Zone...

Ange: ELID?

Commander: Yeah.

Ange: ...I'm sorry.

Ange: Is it serious?

Commander: It's not too bad at the moment; still only in the early stages. I'm just worried about the allocation of medical... No, forget it.

Ange: Don't worry, that young lady is a strong one. If she had enlisted, she would have done at least as well as me.

Ange: She'll pull through.

Commander: Yeah, thanks.

Ange: Right, I've got stuff to do.

Ange: Till next time.

Commander: Okay, bye.

Click.

Call ended.

AK-12: What a nightmare.

AK-12: The competent Miss Kalina succumbed at a time like this?

AK-12: No wonder she wasn't there at the pub.

Ange: ...

Ange closes her eyes. She suddenly clutches at her chest and bends down.

AK-12: Ange...?

Ange: ...

AK-12: Ange!

Ange: ...12?

AK-12: Ange?

Ange: ...I'm fine.

Ange clenches her fist. Her hand is clammy with sweat.

Ange: If what the Commander says is true, then everything unusual that's happening could be a prelude to the oncoming attack.

Ange: The Earl...wasn't lying.

AK-12: You think the attack is going to happen?

Ange: Why not? This also corresponds to the leads we currently have.

Ange: You heard the Commander. The image is the aftermath of a dirty bomb explosion, with Epiphylla blooming.

Ange: Who has the means to transport a dirty bomb into the heart of Berlin?

Ange: It can only be Leone's new technology... I don't know what exactly it is yet, but it must have something to do with Epiphylla.

Ange: This must be what Gray is planning.

AK-12: That does make sense. Then the woman is the key to the whole conspiracy?

Ange: Has Leone given her the tech yet?

Ange: ...We have to let the Earl get rid of her before she starts putting the plan into motion.

Ange: The Earl wants evidence, so we'll give him evidence.

Ange inhales deeply to ease the tightness in her chest.

Ange: We must track down the supplier of this hallucinogen. You and 94... No, have 94 watch that kid. Get 15 and 16 to help you look into who's smuggling the drug into the prison.

AK-12: Understood.

Ange: ...William wants to play an epic game of chess.

Ange: So, I'm overturning his chessboard.

Ange: I will never let him get what he wants.

...
Part 10: The Grain of Millet I

10

...

Under the cover of night, a truck driving along a muddy road emerges from the woods on the outskirts of the city.

Smuggler: Verdammt...

The heavy truck lurches as it goes over a bump on the road. The driver curses.

Fortunately, he won't have to make this blasted trip again for the rest of the week.

The truck slowly comes to a halt in front of a white building. This three-storey warehouse is surrounded by walls on all sides with electrified security fences on top. CCTV cameras are in every corner, leaving no blind spots.

This facility may be remote and secluded, but whoever thinks of burgling this place has to be insane.

The smuggler chuckles to himself at this amusing thought. But then he remembers his task and hurriedly honks his horn.

Smuggler: I've brought the goods!

Clatter...

At the sound of his horn, the gates slowly open.

???: ...

The familiar black-clad girl glides out from within.

The smuggler opens his door and jumps off the truck. He rolls his neck to relax his stiff muscles.

No matter how many times he's seen her, he is struck by her unusual prosthetics... But he knows better than to ask questions.

Smuggler: The quantity of this consignment is rather large. Give me a heads-up next time, okay?

???: ...Is it all here?

Smuggler: Yes, all of it.

???: Then cease the deliveries for the time being.

???: We will get in touch when we have need of your service again.

???: You may go.

Smuggler: Tsk...

They have been working together for quite some time, but this girl in black is as cold and unfriendly as ever.

To corporates like her, he's probably about as insignificant as a piece of rock on the ground.

Smuggler: I'll have to raise the price next time!

Smuggler: Delivering such dangerous stuff to the prison is a very high-risk job!

Anxious to leave this spooky place, the smuggler returns to his truck.

Rumble...

The engine comes to life, and the truck slowly drives away in the direction from which it came.

???: ...

The black-clad girl⁠—or rather, the Nyto⁠—follows the truck's departure with her eyes. Then she checks the surroundings one last time before retreating behind the walls.

The gates close once again.

Pzzt⁠—

However, the moment she enters the building, an electric fence on the walls suddenly gives off a spark before being deactivated.

Whoosh⁠—

A nimble figure steps onto the wall, vaults over the fence, and lands on the other side.

Three other figures repeat the same motions, all with practiced and nonchalant ease.

???: Surveillance system is jammed.

???: No active units detected.

???: Good. Advance.

In a hidden corner, the conspiratorial whispers fade into the shadows along with these figures.

...

AK-12: No unusual activity in the left wing.

AK-15: No unusual activity in the right wing.

RPK-16: Breaking into their security system.

Ange: ...Did you see that at the gates?

AK-15: It was a Nyto.

AK-12: She didn't even bother to hide her prosthetics. I honestly don't know what to say.

AK-12: Aren't they concerned about being recognized?

Ange: Only very few smugglers have channels into Berlin Prison, and even fewer have the means to deliver hallucinogens.

Ange: They seem awfully careless with such valuable assets.

RPK-16: They probably kill these smugglers after one or two deliveries and give the job to someone new.

RPK-16: Their business model will only give them a bad name in the Berlin underground black market.

RPK-16: But they don't seem to have a shortage of slingers, so either the local gangs are really that stupid, or the orchestrator behind the scenes is in charge of the black market itself.

AK-15: This building is owned by Galatea Corporation.

AK-15: More specifically...by Gray.

Ange: Every clue leads back to her... Looks like we can raise the net soon.

Ange: Can we enter the building?

RPK-16: The security system is very sophisticated. I can loop the CCTV cameras and turn off the alarms, but the rest is up to you.

AK-15: You shouldn't have come with us. You should've stayed at the apartment with 94.

Ange: 94 is perfectly capable of watching the kid on her own.

Ange: If I'd stayed, I'd have to deal with his questions about your whereabouts.

Ange: Besides...I won't rest easy until I've seen the results with my own eyes.

AK-12: Just to make it clear... What we're about to do is absolutely illegal.

AK-12: Depending on the outcome, it could greatly jeopardize your position.

Ange: Not my problem. The Earl would have to sort it out.

Ange: As long as we have the evidence, he can lock this place down.

Ange: He'd better be prepared for such contingencies if he wants something from me.

AK-12: I'm surprised Zelinsky even put up with you for so long.

RPK-16: The emergency exit is open.

AK-12: Then it's a go. Remember to keep your weapons loaded.

AK-12: And you, Ange, stay behind me and don't do anything rash.

Ange: ...Let's go.

...
Part 11: The Grain of Millet II

11

Inside the warehouse, the black-clad Nyto who has just met with the smuggler is walking down an aisle.

On both sides, white soldiers are loading crates of formulations onto conveyor belts in an orderly fashion.

The Nyto passes through the files of soldiers and arrive before a Nyto in white at the end of the aisle.

White Nyto: Well?

Nyto: That man has outlived his usefulness.

White Nyto: And the replacement?

Nyto: The Doctor will send him over soon.

White Nyto: The next batch is to be delivered to Narciss.

White Nyto: Handle it in person.

Nyto: Understood.

The black Nyto nods. Then she looks up at the white Nyto.

Nyto: How much longer do we have to work here?

White Nyto: ...

The white Nyto makes no effort to answer the black Nyto's query.

She gazes at her silently, takes two steps closer, and tilts her head up with a hand.

Nyto: ...?

The black Nyto is puzzled by the gesture, but she obviously finds it unnerving.

Then...

Slap!

The white Nyto smacks her squarely across the face, sending her rolling across the floor.

White Nyto: I did not give you permission to ask questions...

White Nyto: ...So keep your mouth shut.

Nyto: I'm sorry...

The black Nyto scrambles back onto her feet and keeps her head bowed in repentance.

White Nyto: Operation Cocoon takes precedence over everything else.

White Nyto: Since Morridow has ordered us to aid the Doctor...

White Nyto: That's what we'll do.

White Nyto: Do you intend to defy Father?

Nyto: N-No...

While the white Nyto is admonishing the other Nyto, their internal comms suddenly go off.

White Nyto: ...!

Nyto: ...!

The two Nytos freeze for a second before turning to look in the other direction.

Noticing their movement, all the white soldiers also put down the merchandise they've been handling and pick up their weapons.

White Nyto: Intruders!

White Nyto: Eliminate them!

...
Part 12: The Grain of Millet III

12

Boom!

AK-12: Ange!!

...

Blazing fire engulfs the darkness of night.

Ange's already frayed nerves are further strained by the spots dancing in her vision and the ringing in her ears caused by the impact, but she is otherwise largely unharmed.

Ange: ...AK-12?

Her subordinate's face appear before her eyes.

The last time she saw AK-12 looking so weak and shaken was when she fought that man.

AK-12: Deep breaths, Ange. Deep breaths.

Ange: 12? You...

AK-12: Ange, look at me.

AK-12: Do you remember what happened?

Ange: I...

The memories start coming back to her.

Ange: We were exchanging fire with Paradeus.

Ange: I saw you and AK-15 pinning down the Paradeus troops in the warehouse.

Ange: Then RPK-16 and I killed the black Nyto together.

Ange: After that...

Ange recalls the dazzling flash of light.

Ange: ...After that, the white Nyto blew up the warehouse.

Ange: You dove on top of me and carried me out through the window.

AK-12: Good, looks like you've got all your marbles.

Ange: But you...

That's when Ange notices the rough shape that AK-12 seems to be in.

She looks terrible.

AK-12: Don't worry, I'm fine. Just a few mangled components jamming my joints...

AK-12: I need emergency repairs... It's hard to move.

Ange: ...

Ange wriggles out of AK-12's arms and gets to her feet rather unsteadily.

Before her, what was once a white building has been reduced to a pile of rubble.

All those formulations being loaded into crates are now nothing but dust.

Boom!

A tall figure suddenly gets up from the ground.

All the broken bricks, tiles, and dirt fall off to reveal...

AK-15.

RPK-16, who was shielded underneath her, seems to be uninjured, albeit a bit rumpled.

Ange: ...RPK, perform emergency repairs on 12.

RPK-16: No can do. Even I can't tear out her broken parts with my bare hands.

RPK-16: But don't worry, I'm sure the iron-willed AK-12 will hold out just fine.

AK-12: When I can stand on my legs again, killing you will be the first thing I do.

AK-15: ...Do you need spare parts? You can take some from me.

AK-12: That would be counterproductive.

AK-12: We cannot afford to undermine your performance in battle—that could prove fatal for Ange.

AK-12: Just get me back to the apartment. 94 has the necessary tools.

Ange: ...Where's the Nyto?

AK-15 scans the surroundings and shakes her head.

AK-15: Gone.

AK-15: I'm not seeing her remains, so she must have fled.

Ange: She escaped?

Ange: Tsk... Why?

AK-12: I don't know, but shouldn't we also retreat?

AK-12: We're in no condition to initiate a pursuit.

Ange: You're right. Besides, we've already got what we're after.

Ange lets out a long sigh.

Ange: Investigate the scene and gather all the clues.

Ange: Once we pass them over to the Earl, we'll have enough evidence to accuse Gray.

RPK-16: Provided that...we can actually make it back.

Ange: What?

Ange's query is cut off by the sudden wail of ear-splitting sirens.

In the blink of an eye, people in police and security uniforms swarm in from all directions.

They are all armed and making a beeline for Ange.

Security Guard: Don't move!

Police Officer: Drop your weapons!

They move in quickly, and without any obstacles around, Ange can only watch as they soon have her firmly surrounded.

AK-15 and RPK-16, still holding onto their weapons, fall back to protect Ange's flanks.

AK-15 is radiating so much murderous rage that most of the security guards aim straight at her subconsciously.

Ange: ...

No, this isn't right.

There's nothing "subconscious" about this. They are clearly hostile and have an obvious target.

It's only natural that an explosion would draw the attention of the authorities.

But there is private security personnel among this group.

They're working together.

What does this signify?

Gray: We meet again under strange circumstances.

Gray: Miss Angelia.

Ange: ...You.

Someone Ange absolutely dreads to see appears before her.

The mixed group of security guards and police officers part like the Red Sea before Moses, leaving a path for Gray to saunter along towards Ange.

Gray: Well, don't just stand there. Search the scene.

Before engaging Ange in conversation, Gray waves to disperse the troops gathered around.

Except for a small group still holding Task Force DEFY at gunpoint, the others scatter at Gray's command.

They cordon off the site of the explosion and start cleaning up the remains. They work in an orderly fashion and perfect coordination with each other.

Ange: Wait!

Ange: Those are...

Security Guard: Stop!

Ange wants to intervene, but several security guards next to Gray stop her in her tracks with raised weapons.

AK-15 steps in front of Ange and glares threateningly at them, but they don't seem at all intimidated by her impressive stature.

Ange: Dammit...

Ange watches helplessly as these people gather up all the remaining formulations and a few unrecognizable corpses—her hard-earned clues and evidence.

It has been an unexpected turn of events, but even Ange understands why Gray is here.

Ange: Destroying evidence, are you?

Gray: Evidence?

Gray's brow furrows in apparent confusion.

She eyes the ruins and glances at the security guards around her.

Security Guard: There seems to be some kind of misunderstanding, Miss Angelia.

Security Guard: This is a Galatea storage facility for experimental articles.

Security Guard: There's nothing but Idunn serums here.

The guard standing next to Gray speaks up sternly at her signal.

Ange: Who's that going to fool?

Gray: I don't know. Who do you think?

Gray smiles meaningfully.

Gray: Trust the Berlin Police's judgment, Miss Angelia.

Gray: ...Your government will never betray you.

Ange: This isn't my government. Besides...the police?

Ange snorts and glares at Gray, whose face is illuminated by the dying flames.

Ange: This place is over six kilometers away from the city with no direct transport access.

Ange: How could the Berlin Police arrive so quickly?

Ange: Not to mention there's such amazing teamwork between these "police" and your mercenaries. They're all working for you.

Ange lifts her chin defiantly, and her Dolls take another step forward. The standoff grows increasingly touch-and-go.

Ange: ...You aren't even bothering to play innocent.

Ange: In other words, you don't plan on letting me leave, do you?

AK-15: ...

AK-15's eyes flicker dangerously. Her weapon is trained directly on Gray.

AK-12: 15... Stay calm.

AK-12's low murmur halts AK-15's finger, which is poised to pull her trigger any second.

RPK-16: ...Don't worry, 12.

RPK-16: 15 isn't prone to rashness.

But even as she says that, RPK-16 directs her gaze towards Gray.

RPK-16: If there is an exchange of fire, it will be very difficult for us to defend Ange. After all, there's nothing that can give us cover.

RPK-16: But that's true for you too, you know?

RPK-16: At this distance, 15 can easily break your neck in the blink of an eye.

Security Guard: Come again?!

RPK-16's provocation has triggered the wrath of the armed security guard. He roars as he charges forward, but his advance is blocked by AK-15.

Conflict seems ready to break out any moment, but no one dares make a move before the two key players give the order.

Gray: I'll try my luck.

Gray grins as she meets RPK-16's gaze.

Ange: Do you think you can actually get away with this?

Gray: You're toying with Pandora's Box, Angelia.

Gray: I could indulge your little mischief...but you made this choice.

Ange eyes this woman coldly and can almost smell her brazen contempt.

At this distance... If she draws her pistol quickly enough, she could at least...

???: Wait!

Just then, a familiar voice shouts from another entrance.

Then a completely different force rushes in.

Gray lifts her head and her men are immediately on the alert.

Light: Miss Angelia is an important collaborator of the Stasi.

Light: Neither the Berlin Police nor Galatea has the authority to detain her.

Light: I'm taking over the situation from here!

The young man strides up to Ange and Gray and flashes his identifications as he approaches.

Behind him, AN-94 heads straight over to the collapsed AK-12 with a toolkit.

She performs emergency repairs on AK-12 wordlessly and soon enough, AK-12's dull eyes light up again.

AN-94: Core components are undamaged. You can move now, 12.

AK-12: Good. Give me my rifle.

AK-12: I'm gonna gun down this pompous woman.

AK-12 struggles to her feet but is held down by both AN-94 and Ange.

Gray: ...Young man, has your little operation been authorized?

Gray narrows her eyes at Light, who has wedged himself between her and Ange. Her tone is dripping with menace.

Light: Of course. I have the warrant right here. As I said, I'm now taking over here.

Light: Mrs. Gray, please cooperate with our investigation.

Gray: Humph...

Gray waves her hand and her men files off in an orderly manner.

With their scavenged remnants, obviously.

Light: ...Please leave those behind.

Security Guard: Don't go too far, Stasi!

Security Guard: You have no right to seize Galatea's property.

Security Guard: Ask your superior to haul his ass here!

Security Guard: Otherwise, mind your own business.

Light: ...

Realizing that this is as far as he can push it, Light backs up a step and beckons for the other agents to enter the site of the explosion.

Light: May I confirm that an attack has taken place here?

Gray: Incidents like this were rather common in Berlin in the last few months.

Gray: But it's hard to believe that these rioters are nefarious enough to raise a hand against Galatea.

Gray: However, this company will not bow down to terrorism of any kind.

Gray: Idunn will be launched on schedule... You can relay that to your friend, little agent.

Light falls silent for a moment before bowing slightly to Gray.

Light: I understand.

Light: Miss Ange, let's go.

Ange: ...

Ange helps AK-12 up. She looks up and meets Gray's eyes.

Gray: Count yourself lucky.

Ange: Don't think this is over yet.

After watching Ange leave under the Stasi's protection, Gray turns around and takes in the scene of devastation.

Gray: ...We're leaving too.

Gray: There's nothing left here.

With that, Galatea's troops march out of the facility.
Part 13: Night Festival (side)

13

...

After departing from the storage facility, Galatea's convoy drives on along the bumpy road.

But instead of returning to the city, it is headed for somewhere even more remote.

It travels beyond the quarantine wall and out of the decontamination zone.

When it reaches a stretch of no man's land, it finally comes to a halt.

Security Guard: Mrs. Gray, we're here.

Gray: ...

(Rustles)

Security Guard: ...!

The sudden movement immediately puts the security guards on alert.

A large amount of white soldiers emerge from behind obstacles without warning and have Gray and her entourage completely surrounded.

Security Guard: Who are you?!

Nyto: ...

...A cyborg girl garbed in white walks up slowly from among the white troops.

Security Guard: D-Don't come any closer!

The security guards, deeply unnerved by the mysterious and creepy troops, raise their weapons.

Gray: ...

However, their charge, Mrs. Gray, strides out from behind the defensive barrier formed by the guards.

Security Guard: Hold... Mrs. Gray! Watch out!

One of the guards call out in alarm at the sight of their delicate-looking superior facing down the girl armed with a scythe.

But what happens next catches him completely by surprise.

Smack!

Mrs. Gray slaps the girl heavily across the face.

Gray: ...Why was Angelia at the factory?

Nyto: I'm sorr...

Smack!

Another slap, this time with the back of her hand.

Gray: Imbecile.

Gray's menacing face and spine-chilling voice make the security guards wonder if they are hallucinating.

Gray: If I hadn't been notified in time, do you know what would've happened because of your blunder?

Nyto: ...

Gray: You have marred my immaculate plan with a speckle of dust.

Gray: Will you bear full responsibility if this angers Father?

Nyto: ...I will.

Gray eyes the white Nyto for a while and finally reverts to her usual soft-spoken countenance.

Gray: I expect as much.

Gray: ...Now get to work.

Nyto: Understood.

The white Nyto nods and shifts her gaze towards the Galatea forces behind Gray.

Security Guard: Mrs. Gray... What is the meaning of this?!

Nyto: ...Kill them all.

The white Nyto raises her scythe and utters her command softly.

Security Guard: What?!

The next moment, gunfire and screams erupt almost simultaneously.

Gray flicks the dust off her hem, not even sparing the men a glance.

Gray: Remember, before midnight.

Nyto: ...Do I need to retrieve the corpse?

Gray: ...

Angered once more by the Nyto's stupidity, Gray narrows her eyes and is about to punish her again, but then an idea occurs to her.

Her face smoothens.

Gray: Sure.

Gray: But don't bring it to me.

Gray: ...Deliver a surprise to Morridow.

Nyto: Yes, ma'am.

The white Nyto nods and looks up uncertainly at Gray.

She is fearful of incurring the latter's wrath again, but she still ventures a question cautiously.

Nyto: Can the mole you planted close to Angelia...

Nyto: ...be of use yet?

Gray: ...

Gray stares at the Nyto expressionlessly.

Only when the Nyto starts becoming nervous does she finally shake her head and turn away.

Gray: Not yet.

By then, the massacre is over, and the puddle of blood seeps up to Gray's feet.

The white troops sort through the bodies with great efficiency and start destroying all the goods on the trucks systematically.

Gray eyes the blood-splattered trucks with disgust and backs away.

Gray: Pandora's Box...shouldn't be opened lightly.

Nyto: Understood.

The white Nyto nods reverently.

Gray: Also, I need a car.

Nyto: ...Yes, ma'am.
Part 14: The Prisoner's Dilemma I

14

...

At Ange's accommodation in Berlin.

It's deep into the night, still two or three hours away from daybreak.

Ange and her subordinates are in varying states of disheveledness, but they have finally made it back.

From the moment they left the storage facility, Light has been following Ange without a word.

He silently escorts Ange, who is just as silent, all the way to the safe house.

Ange: ...

Light: ...

He shadows Ange's footsteps until they reach Ange's door. The other Stasi members have returned to their original posts, but Light seems intent on staying.

Ange comes to a halt in front of her door.

Ange: This will do.

Light: I will be staying here tonight—in the room next door.

Light sidesteps Ange's pointed remark expressionlessly.

Ange: What, worried that I'll go blow up another warehouse?

Light: Not at all.

Light: It's just that my elder sister has already gone to bed and I do not wish to disturb her.

Ange: Oh? You have a sister? Is she also in the Stasi?

Light: ...No, she's a reporter.

Ange: A reporter?

Light: Indeed.

Ange gazes at Light, her hand still resting on the door handle.

Light returns her gaze evenly. He doesn't plan on letting Ange out of his sight until she has entered through the door.

Considering what just happened...Ange has nothing to say about that.

She pauses for a long while before finally letting go of the door handle. She leans on her elbow against the door and decides to clear the air.

Ange: Look, I'm really sorry about tonight.

Ange: I acted without permission and caused you trouble.

Light: ...

Light blinks—he is not expecting this at all.

Angelia doesn't strike him...as someone who would ever apologize.

Light: No...it's alright.

Light: I know you don't trust me. That's completely understandable.

Light: I know what you've been through in Bremen.

Light: Paradeus has already infiltrated the top strata of German politics, now even Gray has proved to be unscrupulous.

Light: I cannot fault you for being cautious under such circumstances.

Ange raps her knuckles against the door while pondering what to say in response. Honestly, Light is not wrong about her—she isn't one to apologize.

She is not particularly good at it, but looking at this young man, she believes she owes him this much.

Ange: When that young woman first joined me, she was just like you.

Ange: Young, eager, ambitious. You remind too much of her.

Light: ...But I will never go against you or try to take your life on a plane.

Ange: Haha.

Ange: What, so you're a good boy?

Light: I don't think I'm particularly good.

Light: I often make my sister angry. To her, I'm a rebellious baby brother.

Ange: It's not always a bad thing to be a rebel. However, you shouldn't rebel just for the sake of it.

Ange grabs hold of the door handle again.

Ange: You saved us today. Thank you.

Ange: However, I will not stop relying on my judgment.

Light: I do have faith in your judgment.

Light: If you require my services, please just ask.

Ange: Now go get some rest. We have much to do tomorrow.

Ange enters her room.

Light: Goodnight, Miss Ange.

Seeing that Ange is safely inside her room, Light turns around and is ready to retire himself.

In the silent corridor, the overhead lamp seems dimmer than usual.

Light: ...

His Stasi colleagues are standing guard on the first and second floors.

This building has always been the accommodation of important foreign dignitaries, so the higher floors are almost never staffed.

Right now, apart from Ange and her Dolls, it's completely empty.

It's only normal that it's quiet.

Light grasps the handle on his own door and gently turns the lock.

...However, he can't shake off this odd feeling.

There is something unusual...about this silence today.

Light: Miss An—!

Light turns around in alarm and finds a figure towering over him.

Paradeus Soldier: —!

Thud!

...

Once inside her room, Ange isn't at all surprised to find AK-12 sitting next to the window.

AK-12: How unlike you to have a heart-to-heart with the young man.

AK-12: I'm almost touched.

Ange: Shouldn't you be standing guard outside with the others?

AK-12: I'm wounded and deserve some rest.

AK-12: Besides, I have a feeling you'd want to talk.

Ange: ...

Ange walks around AK-12 and draws the curtains before sitting down on the chair next to the bed.

AK-12: You're too tense.

Ange: Are you my psychotherapist now? I thought only RPK was into this sort of thing.

AK-12: I've studied up on analyzing human body language.

AK-12: You've always avoided windows, but you didn't tend to deliberately sit facing the door when we're around.

Ange: ...I can't tell if I'm in Berlin or Paradeus' den anymore.

Ange: Perhaps there's no distinction between the two.

AK-12: You need help, Ange.

AK-12: You can't topple Paradeus single-handedly.

AK-12: I'm not trying to put in a good word for the whelp, but he was referred to us by J and K.

AK-12: And if it hadn't been for him today, we would've met our end then and there.

Ange: I know... Light can be trusted, that much I can tell.

Ange: But as I've said before, his trustworthiness is moot because as long as there's a single spy working under him, I can't possibly let him in on our entire plan.

Ange: Unless he ditches everyone else.

AK-12: Worst case, you still have us. We may be called "DEFY", but we will never betray you.

AK-12: Oh, there's the Griffin Commander as well.

Ange: ...I'll give the matter of Light some more thought.

AK-12: That's more like it. That's the Ange I know.

Ange: Compared to Bremen, we have a much clearer objective this time.

Ange: I'm confident that we'll be able to find out William's plan by going after Gray.

Ange: This woman is the key.

AK-12: We mustn't let her succeed, no matter what she's after.

Ange: ...Indeed, we mustn't.

Ange: We cannot let him put his terrorist attack into action.

AK-12: Speaking of which, I was just going to ask if you...

...

AK-12 stops abruptly mid-sentence.

Ange: ...12?

AK-12: Enemy attack.

Crack!

AK-12: Ange, get down!

Bang bang bang!!

The window covered by the curtains is suddenly smashed by the massive intruder. Ange reflexively rolls across the bed to the other side and draws her pistol behind cover.

Bang!

But AK-12 has already swiftly slit the throat of the intruder.

Clang...

Ange: A projectile!

Boom!

Ange: (Wheezes)

Ange: Goddammit... Tear gas...

While Ange is scrambling to find a towel, her door is kicked open.

AK-12 trains her rifle on the door and is just about to pull the trigger...

Light: Miss Ange!

Light: (Coughs)

But it turns out to be Light, who is also on high alert.

His face splattered with blood, he is holding a small knife in one hand and a pistol in the other.

Light: Miss Ange, we have to move!

Light: We're under attack!

Ange: Oh, I'm not blind.

Ange spots the corpse of a Paradeus soldier lying just outside her door.

And the one that AK-12 has just disposed of... She's seen these units before.

Paradeus Strelets.

Dammit... She should've seen this coming.

That woman won't let her off the hook just like that.

Meanwhile, gunshots ring out around the corner down the corridor. Light retreats into Ange's room.

Ange: Where's RPK and the others?!

AK-12: I'm trying to reach them...

AK-12: Damn! Signal is being jammed!

Light: Same here. I can't call for support at all, and the alarm has been disabled.

Ange: Looks like I pissed her off big time.

Ange tuts and reloads her pistol.

Light: They aren't exactly being subtle about it, so even if comms are down, people will soon notice the commotion.

Light: We'll just have to hold out until reinforcements arrive!

AK-12: ...I'm afraid that's not true.

Light: What?

Crackle...

Ange: Incendiary bombs.

Ange: They're planning to burn me to death.

Heat comes crashing in from down the corridor. AK-12 tears off the curtains and watches out for possible attacks from outside the window.

She also hears the sound of crossfires coming from the lower floors.

Ange: Crap... The other agents are pinned down too...

AK-12: This bit of heat is nothing to me.

AK-12: But if you're dead, there's no point for me to live, is there?

Ange: At this rate...

Ange: In a matter of minutes, I'll either die of severe burns or hypoxia.

Light: I don't think you'll run out of oxygen, the window is open, after all... Hold on.

Light: Can't you escape through the window?

Ange: Just in case your brain got smoked, might I remind you that we're on the eighth floor?

Light: But if Miss AK-12 carries you, she can make it down a floor or two with the help of some tools, right?

Ange: What about you?

Light: They're here for you. If you get out, they'll go after you.

Light: I can make my own way out.

AK-12: Good idea. Unfortunately, I'm currently in no shape to execute such acrobatics.

AK-12: I think our enemies know that.

AK-12 grabs a glass off the table and tosses it out through the window.

Bang!

In the darkness of the night sky, the delicate glass explodes into smithereens.

AK-12: Ange will be dead the moment she pokes her head out.

Ange: Then we'll have to run the gauntlet down the corridor.

Ange: We must try to break through their blockade before the fire spreads up here.

Light: Understood. Miss AK-12 and I will spearhead our escape!

Ange: Are you mad? It'll take them less than two seconds to vaporize you!

Light: Which means I'll have a second!

Light: Your safety is our priority here, Miss Ange!

Ange: Don't be ridiculous!

AK-12: Wait, stop bickering!

AK-12: Something's down there!

Ange: What—?!

While Ange and Light are still arguing, they sense a massive impact underneath their feet.

The cracking concrete starts falling under gravity's pull, then the two humans follow suit before they can react.

Ange: (Coughs)

AK-12: What the hell?! Couldn't you think of a better idea?!

In the split second before landing, AK-12 grabs Ange and cushions her fall with her own body.

Her already damaged body produces an ominous crack.

Still in a daze, Ange hears AK-12's exasperated gripe, followed by another familiar voice.

RPK-16: To tell the truth, dear 12, no, I honestly couldn't.

RPK-16: They've cut off all access to the eighth floor. Besides, the fire is spreading quickly and I can't risk having Ange use the fire escape.

Ange: ...RPK? Where are 15 and 94?

RPK-16: There are Nytos and Paradeus death squads in the lower levels as well.

RPK-16: They're good at sneak attacks, which makes them rather tricky even for 15 and 94 together.

RPK-16: I reckoned those could be a diversion so I came up on my own, and sure enough.

Light: Ugh...

Light grips his foot and lets out a groan.

Ange: Light?! Are you alright?

Light: Uh... I'm not sure.

Rat-tat-tat...

RPK-16: I'd love to apologize, but this isn't really the time.

RPK-16: It's the quickest way I can think of to get you out.

RPK-16: The only drawback is how much attention it draws.

AK-12: The ONLY drawback? You're too lenient about your own tactic.

Light: Ugh...!

Light bites back the pain and gets to his feet. He stumbles immediately and collapses on the rubble again.

Ange: You don't look okay at all.

Light: I'm fi... No, you're right. I'm not fine.

Light: I must've twisted my ankle.

RPK-16: Uh-oh.

Ange: ...Can you walk?

Light: I can, but...I can't go with you.

Light: I'll just slow you down.

Light: Let's split up.

Ange: What are you talking about? I might as well be sending you to your death!

Light: Don't worry, it'll take more than that to kill me. After all, I'm the Stasi's "rising star".

Light: Besides, their target is you, so they'll most likely just ignore me.

Light flashes Ange a dazzling grin, though Ange has little patience for his charm under these circumstances.

Ange: You can dream of being a hero when you're actually asleep.

Ange: I'm not leaving you behind.

Light: I'd like to say the same to you, Miss Ange. This isn't the time for nonsensical sleep-talking.

Light: We don't have much time.

As if to lend weight to Light's statement, Paradeus fires more shots.

Black Nyto: Target located. Execute extermination.

AK-12: Here they come.

Ange: Dammit... Not giving us even a breather.

Ange: They're hell-bent on killing me.

Light: They have squads guarding the other end of the passage. They'll just pin us down if we force our way through.

AK-12: ...If we're to get Ange out of here...

AK-12: Someone will have to draw their fire.

RPK-16: Oh my, then I suppose it's time for our great squad leader to shine.

AK-12: That's right.

RPK-16: ...Wait, you're being serious?

AK-12: It is the only way.

RPK-16: In your current state?

RPK-16: You do know how that'll end for you, right?

AK-12: I'm not an idiot like you.

AK-12: Of course I know.

RPK-16: It isn't a bad idea, at least you won't be here to boss me around while we're in Berlin.

RPK-16: Though Ange will probably get lonely, don't you think?

Ange: You want to cover our retreat?

Ange: No way. I have no spare bodies for you right now!

AK-12: I'm smarter than the two of you combined.

AK-12: If I say there's no other way, there is no other way.

AK-12: Ange, I've told you many times—you must prioritize your own life.

AK-12: Don't get yourself killed because of a Doll.

AK-12: There are battlefields more worthy of your sacrifice.

Ange: ...

AK-12: RPK.

RPK-16: Hm? ...What are you sending me? Command authorizations?

RPK-16: I'm the new squad leader?

AK-12: For now.

AK-12: If anything happens to Ange, I don't give a damn about what Shaw has got to say.

AK-12: I will make you wish you could access your own base code.

RPK-16: ...I am terribly flattered.

Light: Miss AK-12 and I will draw the enemies in different directions.

Light: Once you make it out, the pressure on us will lessen immediately.

Light: If you want us to survive, flee as fast as you can.

Ange: But...

Light: Don't worry, I'll be fine.

Light: With Miss AK-12 drawing most of their fire, I'll do my best to stay alive.

RPK-16: Save your breath, Ange.

RPK-16: Look, they're volunteering as tributes.

RPK-16: Besides, even I can't think of a better way.

Ange: ...

RPK-16: ...I will get you safely to 15 and 94.

Ange: Fine. Let's go.

Ange sets her jaw and takes one last look at AK-12, who's bracing herself against the corner, and Light, who's sitting on a pile of rubble covered in dust but still smiling at her, before finally turning away and taking off with RPK-16.

Light: Miss AK-12, take my ammo.

Light tosses all his remaining magazines and micro-explosives to AK-12.

AK-12: What about you?

AK-12: They say people speak kindly as their death draws near. You're not planning to die here with me, are you?

Light: Of course not. I've simply come to the conclusion that I have a better chance of survival if you have these.

Light: I'm just going to sit right here. As long as Frau Ange makes it out or reinforcements arrive, they won't waste any effort on me.

AK-12: I see. You've got a decent head on your shoulders.

AK-12: Still, I might just sign off for a while.

Light: ...May we meet again in a brave new world, Miss AK-12.

AK-12: Cut the crap.

AK-12 jams a fully-loaded magazine into the mag well of her rifle and racks the action deftly.

AK-12: Time to show those Paradeus brats...

AK-12: What a true Tactical Doll is made of.
Part 15: The Prisoner's Dilemma II (tip)

15

【TIP】 You might find items near the interrogation room. When necessary, you can use them to deal with troublesome enemies.

Make sure you have an ample supply of items and use them wisely.
Part 16: The Prisoner's Dilemma III

16

Boom!

Ange's body is propelled forward by the powerful shockwave caused by the explosion.

RPK-16 pushes herself well beyond her normal physical parameters and dives over Ange to shield her from the blast.

After the failed assassination attempt, Paradeus has resorted to even more aggressive measures as they grow desperate.

RPK-16: I'm not built to be a shock trooper, for goodness' sake...

But the nightmare persists. The shockwave is followed by fire, rubble, and Paradeus coming in hot.

RPK-16 rips off her bipod and, using her machine gun as a makeshift assault rifle, she unleashes a barrage on the enemies coming from behind.

Without the time or space to get into proper shooting position, suppressive fire is all she can manage even as a Tactical Doll.

But her firepower alone can hardly hold off an entire squad.

RPK-16: Ange, wake up.

Ange: Uh... Ugh...

RPK-16: It's a shame, but it looks like I'm about to follow in dear 12's footsteps.

Ange: Don't...give me that.

Ange draws her pistol from the holster on her thigh and promptly fires several times behind her.

Unlike RPK-16, her shots are a lot more accurate, but her contribution in firepower is still hopelessly inadequate.

Clang!

A round lands on RPK-16's body, producing a sound that makes Ange's heart lurch.

RPK-16 has blocked a strafe of bullets fired at Ange with her own body.

RPK-16: Ange.

Ange: What?

RPK-16: It's been a pleasure to have met you.

Ange: ...Shut your face.

Ange: It's not time to read your epitaph yet.

As RPK-16's drum magazine runs dry, they lose the only way of fending off the Paradeus forces.

Ange pulls her trigger but it, too, clicks sharply and ejects no more cartridges.

Dammit... Almost there...!

Ange watches the slowly approaching white soldiers and reaches for her combat knife.

Boom!

Bang bang bang!

Another explosion erupts, followed by a shower of heavy gunfire.

A round hits the leading Paradeus soldier squarely in the forehead, toppling him instantly.

AN-94: Ange!

AK-15: Enemies targeted.

The two DEFY members let no bullet go to waste. The moment they join the fray, the tables have turned.

Ange: (Coughs)

AN-94: Ange!

Still holding up her rifle vigilantly, AN-94 makes her way quickly to Ange, who's slumped on the floor.

Meanwhile, RPK-16 has used the distraction created by her teammates' arrival to adjust her position and replace her expended magazine.

AN-94: Stasi reinforcements and the local police will be here soon.

RPK-16: Paradeus is retreating.

Ange: So should we. There's no point in pursuing them.

AK-15: Understood.

AK-15 slings her rifle onto her shoulder and carries Ange on her back.

Behind her, AN-94 and RPK-16 start laying down more suppressive fire.

AN-94: Where's 12?

Ange: ...

AN-94's anxious question is met with Ange's grim silence.

AN-94: ...

AN-94 bites her trembling lip and issues a signal with her free hand.

AN-94: Target secured! Retreat!

...

Boom!

Another deafening explosion comes from the upper floors until everything finally falls silent.

There is no more gunfire. Only the blazing flames crackle on.

AK-15, with Ange on her back, is the first to burst out of the sea of fire, followed closely by two other members of the pack.

J: Hey!

Standing outside the entrance is none other than J, who looks somber for once, and the Stasi agents who have been carried out from the fire with great difficulty. They have sustained heavy casualties.

J: What happened? Are you okay?

J rushes forward and helps AK-15 put Ange down, then he bellows at the people behind him.

J: Paramedics!

Ange: ...I'm fine.

Ange gasps for air. Her lungs are burning.

She can just make out the sirens of fire engines.

J: Who are you trying to kid? You look even more terrible than K after a mixer.

J: ...Where are the others?

AK-15: ...

AN-94: I'm sorry. We did our best.

AN-94: But we didn't see Mr. Light.

J: ...!

J: ...Come again? How could that brat possibly—

J: Hey, you've got to be kidding, right? How am I supposed to tell Shadow?!

This is the first time AN-94 has seen J so terrified.

Boom!

At that moment, another explosion erupts where the fire is blazing the most heavily in the apartment block.

Lying on the ground, Ange looks up at the night sky, which is lit up by the flames.

Ange: 12...

AN-94: Ange? Ange?

RPK-16: This doesn't bode well... 15, where's the first-aid kit?

AK-15: Right here.

...

...Here it goes again.

Fire, bullets...casualties.

Why has nothing changed at all?

Why is she just as helpless as she once was?

What kind of sick joke is this...?!

AN-94: Ange!

Ange: 94...

Ange: 12...12 stayed behind to cover our retreat.

Ange: So did Light...

AK-15: There are no bio signs in the building.

AK-15: I'm not detecting AK-12's signal either.

AN-94: Enough, 15!

Ange: ...

J: ...Comms are back.

RPK-16: Ange, you have an incoming call.

RPK-16: It's...the "Earl".

Griffin: You don't seem to be faring well, Angelia.

Ange: Your safe house is anything but safe.

Ange: Explain...yourself...you...son of a bitch...!

Griffin: You have no one but yourself to blame, Angelia.

Griffin: You were too rash.

Griffin: I told you to conduct an investigation, not engage them in open conflict.

Ange: Don't teach me how to do my job, bastard...who's just sitting on his ass.

Griffin: I am simply trying to set you back on track.

Griffin: ...As you can see, Paradeus is rearing its ugly head.

Griffin: This kind of attack is child's play for them.

Griffin: If their plan succeeds...

Griffin: The casualties will be tenfold... It will be on a completely different scale compared to Beslan.

Ange: Don't you...dare...bring up...Beslan!

Griffin: ...I wish you good luck.

Ange: You...mother...fucker.

AN-94: Ange! Ange!

...
Part 17: Flash (side)

    17chevron_right

...

Outside the apartment block.

The tardy fire brigade and police finally arrive. They seal off the building and start putting out the fire.

The Stasi has quietly slipped away from the scene and retreated into the shadows.

As actors in the previous act exits the stage, new ones enter.

Crowd Member A: Hey... Look! That woman!

Crowd Member B: Huh... Shadow? That's Shadowless!

Shadowless marches forcefully through the cordon, holding up her press card.

Shadowless: I am Shadowless from the DFF!

Shadowless: Who's in charge of the investigation here? I would like to cover this fire and report it on the news!

Beep.

Just then, her earpiece starts beeping.

Shadowless: Hello? Yes, speaking. Yeah, I'm already at the scene... Now? Everything is still in complete shambles.

Shadowless: I need backup. That's right, get me a cameraman.

Shadowless: 15 minutes? Are you kidding me?

Shadowless: Make it five!

She turns off her earpiece and looks towards the chaos.

Interviewing the firefighters is out of the question. The fire is still raging on; she can't get in their way right now.

The police? That's certainly an option...but the police hasn't been playing nice with her lately.

That leaves...

Shadowless: Hm?

Her acute sixth sense comes in useful once again at this crucial moment.

Shadowless: ...Jesus Christ.

She rushes towards one of the police officers in the middle of the crowd.

Shadowless: Kevin!

J: What are you doing here?!

J: No, how did you spot me?!

J, who is dressed in a police uniform, is dragged into an inconspicuous corner by Shadowless to talk out of the public eye.

Shadowless: Shut up! Now tell me, why are you here?!

Shadowless: What has the Stasi got to do with this?

J: Give me a break, Missy.

J: Do you want me to lose my job?

Shadowless: Please, I won't take up too much of your time!

Shadowless grabs J by his collar and turns off her pen recorder.

With the situation being so chaotic out there, hardly anyone would pay attention to the two people locked in a confrontation in this quiet corner.

Shadowless: I don't want to make things difficult for you... Just tell me—is Light okay?

Shadowless: He didn't come home last night. I could tell something's off about him.

J: ...

J opens his mouth but doesn't know what to say.

Shadowless: ...We had a fight.

J: Uh... Are you blaming that on me?

Shadowless stomps on J's foot viciously.

Shadowless: It was the same old argument...but I thought long and hard about it this time.

Shadowless: I want you to pass a message to him.

J: Can you not drag me into your sibling squabbles...

J's face contorts with pain, for which he is secretly grateful.

Thanks to this, he won't have to worry about how to keep a straight face. Shadow's intuition is incredibly keen. She'll notice immediately if he slips up.

...What is he supposed to say to her?

Shadowless: Shut it! Stop interrupting me!

Shadowless: It's your fault that he joined the Stasi to begin with!

Shadowless peers around carefully.

Shadowless: ...I've thought a lot on what he said, and perhaps he's right.

Shadowless: I understand and respect his decision... We're family.

Shadowless: I will always support him.

J: ...

Shadowless: That's it.

She lets go of J, then her gaze shifts away in feigned nonchalance as she fidgets with her hair.

J can't tell if she's making sure they aren't overheard or trying to cover up her sheepishness.

J: ...I'll let him know.

Shadowless: Thanks... Come and have dinner at our place one of these days.

Shadowless: It's been a while.

Satisfied with J's promise, Shadowless smiles and nods apologetically before darting out from the corner.

True to her words, she has not taken up much of J's time.

J: Light...you little punk...

He watches as Shadowless throws herself back into her work as she starts interviewing eyewitnesses of the fire. He looks up at the apartment block, where the fire is now under control.

...He must get inside.

J: Excuse me! Make way!

J: Police!
Displaying his forged police ID, J makes his way through the crowd.

Temporary command post, Berlin.

ST AR-15 brings a chair for the Commander to sit by the window. The afternoon sunlight streams in, warming the Commander's back.

ST AR-15: Commander, I believe we should wake up this damn Nyto and start interrogating her.

ST AR-15: Mr. Griffin already mentioned that she looks exactly like the mole planted next to Ange. For all we know, you might end up falling victim to her this time...

Commander: I know, but she is in no physical or mental shape for that right now. Waking her up by force will not help us in our questioning either.

RO635: Don't be hasty, 15.

RO635: We've already verified that Machlian has very low combat capability—SOP-II alone can handle her, let alone when we have so many Dolls protecting the Commander.

ST AR-15: But—

Commander: I'll ask Ange about Morridow at our meeting.

Commander: Go get ready. We're moving out in 15 minutes.

M4 SOPMOD II: Eh? Weren't you supposed to meet at 3?

Commander: It's basic etiquette to show up early for a meeting with a lady.

RO635: Commander, there's an incoming transmission.

Commander: Is it Ange?

UMP45: Hi, Commander. It's been a while.

UMP45: I hope I didn't interrupt your refined appreciation of sleeping beauties.

Commander: ...

Before the Commander even replies, RO has already closed the curtains without them needing to say a word.

UMP45: Oh my, looks like I've just scored some intel which I can use to soak some money out of you.

UMP45: I wonder, how much would you pay to seal my lips, Commander?

Commander: ...Cut the crap. What are you guys doing here?

UMP45: We're here because Miss Helian most generously paid our urgent booking fees in order to help the poor, isolated Commander, of course.

UMP9: But it looks like the Commander is living the good life right now!

Commander: ...Helian did?

UMP45: Oh yes, Miss Helian paid the entire sum in advance. ♪

Commander: ...

UMP9: Right, 45, didn't Miss Kalina ask us to pass a message on to the Commander?

Commander: Kalina? You've spoken to Kalina?

Commander: How is she now? Has her condition improved? Has she been discharged yet?

UMP45: She's alright. At least, she sounded quite energetic when she passed on her message to you.

Commander: What did she want to tell me?

UMP45: 9, you do it.

UMP9: Kay~ Ahem.

416: Wait a minute, I can't find my earplugs...

UMP9: So, Miss Kalina's message is as follows...

UMP9: COMMANDER!

UMP9: YOU GREAT BIG DUMMY!!!

UMP9: I WAS IN HOSPITAL FOR SO LONG!!!

UMP9: BUT YOU DIDN'T COME TO VISIT EVEN ONCE!!!

UMP9: WHEN I GET OUT OF HOSPITAL I'M GOING TO SPEND ALL YOUR MONEY!!!

UMP45: And that was it.

416: Scheißdreck, do they have a place that recalibrates auditory modules in Berlin?

Gr G11: (Groans) What happened?

Commander: ...

Commander: Alright, I understand.

UMP45: Well, since the fee's been credited into our account, that means our contract is in effect.

UMP45: Commander, contact us on this frequency if you need help with anything.

UMP45: We'll be standing by during your time in Berlin.

Commander: How many credits did Helian pay you, anyway...

UMP45: Trade secret. ♪

Commander: ...

Commander: We'll be meeting Ange in 15 minutes at the Athena's Owl.

Commander: Could you scout our route and make sure there are no Paradeus ambushers hiding along the way?

UMP45: Sure. We'll be there right away.

The transmission ends.

RO635: Commander, this mission ought to be much easier with 404's help.

M4 SOPMOD II: And it sounds like Miss Kalina's getting better!

Commander: Yeah, it's a good start to things.

The AR Team prepares to leave with the Commander. Perosa is waiting at the door.

Perosa: Do you need us for anything, Commander?

Commander: I'll be leaving Machlian in your care.

Commander: Dandelion will be staying behind too. Go get her if Machlian starts acting up.

Perosa: Understood.

After sorting out Machlian, the Commander changes into plain clothes before leading the AR Team out of the temporary command post.

...In Berlin's Old Town.

On the way to the designated bar.

M4 SOPMOD II: Looks like we'll have to walk through all of Old Town before we can get to this Athena's Owl place...

ST AR-15: That's definitely a place Ange would choose.

RO635: Commander...

Commander: Hm?

RO, who has been observing her surroundings all this time, walks up to the Commander while trying to keep her face neutral.

Commander: What is it?

RO635: ...It's nothing urgent, but I was thinking... Don't we stand out a little too much?

Commander: ...

The Commander is leading three Tactical Dolls who have put their weapons away on a crowded street in the Old Town district. No matter how you look at it, this grouping...

Commander: Relax. The Earl has arranged legal identities for us, and we're in the city, so even Paradeus can't move rashly here.

UMP45: It's true that there are no Paradeus forces lying in ambush, but there are a lot of people out there who are even sketchier than Paradeus, and they have their eyes on you.

UMP45: ...You've practically handed the Berlin Old Town Doll black market a feast on legs.

SOP-II's keen ears quickly sift out the important information from the clamor of the crowd.

???: Do you see that? They're all high-end Tactical Dolls, and they're also loaded with advanced equipment...

???: Just selling that gear would feed us till the end of the year!

???: If we can grab those Dolls, doesn't matter if we strip their parts for sale or just format them and sell off their bodies...

???: We'll be sitting pretty for the next few years, hehehe!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, they're black market Doll traffickers!

RO635: There aren't a lot of them, but we can't make too much of a scene right now.

Commander: 45, help us think of a way to shake off these people.

UMP45: I've already plotted a route. Sending it over now.

Commander: Right. RO, follow the route at top speed.

The Commander and company proceed as guided by Squad 404.

After following the route they've been given, the party temporarily shakes off the thugs following them and blends into the hustle and bustle of the Old Town district.

M4 SOPMOD II: Man, it's so busy here. Looks like they're holding a festival or something.

M4 SOPMOD II: And how come they're selling anti-ELID stuff everywhere? Does it really work?

ST AR-15: All things aside, one look at the price and you can tell they can't possibly be of use.

RO635: It's just a bunch of profit-driven merchants exploiting the people's despair by slapping "anti-ELID" on the items they sell.

M4 SOPMOD II: But won't those merchants get beaten up if people find out?

RO635: ...Survivor bias is a thing.

RO635: After all, the only way to tell if these anti-ELID goods work is if you go into a contaminated zone yourself.

RO635: And only those who come back alive will have the chance to give feedback on them.

Commander: Have we lost them, 45?

UMP45: Com... behind...

RO635: 45? Do you copy?

UMP45: R... cut off....

The transmission to 404 suddenly cuts off.

ST AR-15: Why do they keep cocking up when it matters?

Commander: Stay alert and continue towards the bar.

I don't know what's the special occasion, but the crowded streets are filled with salespeople peddling anti-ELID wares.

Girl's Voice: Galatea employees all use this super-effective anti-ELID medicine! We also have blessed anti-ELID talismans!

Girl's Voice: Big bargains! Discounts if you buy in bulk!

Male Voice: Do have a look, ladies! These are the latest anti-ELID basketball shoes!

Male Voice: Not only are they radiation-proof, they have collectors' value too!

RO looks back and spots the thugs from earlier still following them.

RO635: Commander, they've caught up to us.

Commander: We'll blend into the crowd and speed up. We need to think of a way to ditch them.

RO635: Roger.

The Commander and company begin jogging through the crowd.

This inadvertently causes the crowd behind them to speed up as well.

Crowd: Is the festival about to start?

Crowd: Why are those people in such a hurry?

Crowd: If we don't catch up, we'll miss out on the free gifts!

Crowd: We should get moving too!

The crowd, along with their unwanted pursuers, stampedes toward the Commander's party.

???: There! They're over there!

???: We can't make our move now. There's too many people around. Let's get close to them first.

???: Get them, bros! Those are high-end Dolls we're talking about! Just one of them could feed us for three years!

???: Gogogogogo!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander! They're speeding up too!

ST AR-15: Should we make our move?

Commander: There are too many people here. Civilians could easily get injured.

The communicator suddenly rings.

UMP9: Raise it higher, 416!

416: Is this even working, 45? Can you contact the Commander?!

416: If not, we'll just fight our way out!

RO635: Commander, it's 404!

UMP45: Huh, we got through at last.

Commander: What happened to you just now?

UMP45: Our comms got jammed. We had to relocate several times before we could contact you.

RO635: You were jammed?

UMP45: The jamming method was pretty special too—reminded me of Tallinn.

UMP45: I'll go into more detail later. You see that alley ten meters ahead? Get in there and go all the way to the end.

Commander: Got it!

ST AR-15: Commander, it's a dead end!

UMP45: If you keep the fight in there, the people outside won't notice.

UMP45: Now the AR Team can really let loose. ♪

M4 SOPMOD II: Awesome!

Commander: ...

Commander: Load rubber bullets and avoid their vitals. Prepare for combat.
Part 2: SoT II - Mid-stage Dialogue

2

...

The Commander and company tear through the streets in a frenzy, desperately searching for the bar named "Athena's Owl".

Commander: We're screwed! Only 5 minutes left!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, is this the bar?!

ST AR-15: RO, is it this one?

RO635: Hang on...

Commander: I'm going in to ask them directly!

The Commander rushes in.

RO frantically hits her translator, which is taking its own sweet time to warm up.

RO635: Hurry up, what's this bar called?

ST AR-15: Relax, we still have time.

Before the translator can complete the translation, the Commander has already rushed back out.

Commander: Dammit! Not this one!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Why is the Commander in such a panic?

ST AR-15: Don't ask, just follow.

RO635: Ah, it's done.

RO635: Wait a minute, this bar is a hangout for the "Basement Crow" mob...

As vicious cursing erupts behind them, the Commander and the others redouble their efforts to flee the scene.
Part 3: SoT II - Mid-stage Dialogue

3

...

The Commander and company tear through the streets in a frenzy, desperately searching for their destination⁠—a bar named "Athena's Owl".

Commander: I'm late I'm late I'm late!

ST AR-15: Commander! Don't panic! Look where you're going!

A man suddenly steps into the Commander's path.

Commander: Ah!

Passer-By: Ow!

The Commander crashes into the man.

RO635: Commander! Are you alright?

Commander: I'm fine.

Commander: Sorry about that...

Passer-By: I feel so dizzy. Put me in a chair, please?

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, he's bleeding from the head!

RO635: Commander, what should we do?

Passer-By: I work in this bar. Could you help me inside?

Then the Commander feels a caress that may or may not be intentional on their hand.

Passer-By: Or maybe I could buy you a drink?

The Commander looks up at the bar's signboard, which reads, "Pink Flavor". They look back down at the flirty passer-by.

Commander: ...

Commander: Sorry, I'm busy.

The Commander flees at the speed of light.
Part 4: SoT II - Mid-stage Dialogue

4

...

The Commander and company tear through the streets in a frenzy, desperately searching for their destination⁠—a bar named "Athena's Owl".

Commander: I'm doomed I'm doomed I'm doomed I'm doomed!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, Commander, Commander! Over here, over here! Over hereeee!

RO635: Commander! This is the place!

ST AR-15: What kind of crappy bar is this?! Why is it so damn hard to find?! My pillow would be better at running a business than the boss of this place!

"Athena's Owl" suddenly looms into view in front of everyone.

Commander: I finally...

Commander: Made it...!

The Commander charges inside without a second thought.
Part 5: Ship of Theseus III

5

...At the entrance of Athena's Owl.

Commander: One minute left!

RO635: Commander, we'll be standing by outside, if there's anything—

Commander: 30 SECONDS!!!

The Commander rushes into the bar.

RO635: Whew... Made it in the nick of time, at least.

RO635: 45, what was with that signal interference?

UMP45: We still haven't identified the precise cause, but it was definitely very fishy.

ST AR-15: Who would have thought that UMP45, the EW expert, would end up being jammed? And she took so long to resolve the issue too.

UMP45: Actually, we didn't.

UMP45: We couldn't find any sign of a jammer, so we had to keep changing positions to gauge the jammer's effective range.

RO635: How could you not find it?

RO635: In theory, jammers work by sending signals to generate interference that breaks our connections.

UMP45: Yes, which is why I said it was fishy.

UMP45: With normal jammers, we'd be able to at least sense their presence even if we couldn't disable them.

UMP45: But this particular jammer felt like it directly cut off our connections. I couldn't feel anything.

RO635: ...

RO635: That IS very dangerous.

UMP45: Yeah, we'll discuss this further once the Commander is done in there.

UMP45: Right now, we need to rest.

RO635: Copy that.

After ending the transmission, RO continues to puzzle over the jamming issue.

SOP-II shakes her by the shoulder and points to the huge display board opposite the bar.

The supermarket across the street turns its exterior display on at 3pm sharp.

The display written in a fancy font reads, "Congratulations on Galatea Corporation's 100th Anniversary".

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, look!

M4 SOPMOD II: So that's why the crowd was going crazy earlier! It was all because of this!

M4 SOPMOD II: This Galatea Corporation sure is swanky! Maybe when we get our own 100th anniversary, we can ask the Commander to buy an ad signboard just like this!

ST AR-15: By then the Commander will be an old—

RO635: Ahem, let's leave it till then.

M4 SOPMOD II: Kay...

RO gazes at the monitor that is currently playing Galatea Corporation publicity videos. A good-looking refugee representative is currently making a speech to convey her gratitude.

Refugee Representative: ...Galatea Corporation has done a lot for us, not only in terms of material support, but also in spiritual comfort.

Refugee Representative: Many people think that they are already bestowing a most gracious gift by giving us refuge, even though they've done little to improve our terrible living condition.

Refugee Representative: Only Galatea sees our pain of losing our homes to radiation contamination and offers a helping hand...

ST AR-15: What's on your mind, RO?

RO635: The name of this corporation also came up in Bohnsdorf.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Both the timing and location where it showed up were surprising coincidental.

Ting-a-ling...

The bell behind the door tinkles softly.

A white-haired girl steps out, carrying a bag of cat food in her arms.

AN-94: ...

ST AR-15: 94?

AN-94: 15...

AN-94: Hello, members of the AR Team.

ST AR-15: Hi. Are Ange and the Commander having a good chat?

AN-94: ...It's pretty good.

AN-94 quietly walks to the side of the road and crouches down. The cat that was sunning itself on the eaves lazily jumps down and rubs up against AN-94's hand.

ST AR-15: Since you're here, that means...

Ting-a-ling... The doorbell tinkles again.

AK-12: If it isn't the AR Team! It's been a while.

RO635: Yes, it really has.

AK-12: You should go in and get a drink. The bartender here is pretty good.

AK-12: Of all the bars Ange and I have visited, his mixing skills rank among the top three.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow...

M4 SOPMOD II: Then why did you come out?

AK-12: It's obviously because there's someone annoying in there.

ST AR-15: You guys came to Berlin first. How is it?

AK-12: Not too good. Recently, Ange's been... Well, I guess you can tell.

ST AR-15: Is it because of that "Morridow" woman?

AK-12: Of course... She's the cause of all this. If it weren't for her, we wouldn't even be here.

RO635: What is she like?

AK-12: She's a devious high-spec Nyto who is an expert in pretense. She can change personalities the way people change clothes.

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: Is she good at disguising herself?

AK-12: Without question. Morridow is a talented con artist. Ange's as sharp as a knife and even she was deceived.

ST AR-15: ...We might have captured Morridow.

RO635: 15, we can't be sure of that yet. The Commander's still looking into it.

AK-12: Oh? Then you'd better be careful. All the grief we've gone through recently is thanks to her.

ST AR-15: No wonder she could draw out that many Paradeus troops.

AK-12: She's also very good at changing her image to take advantage of her victim's weaknesses.

AK-12: I'm a bit concerned—someone like the Commander could certainly resist interrogation, but perhaps not a request for help coming from a weak and vulnerable person.

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: While the Commander is both righteous and kind, I don't think they'd be easily deceived.

AK-12: Don't worry, Ange's definitely going to give the Commander lots of useful suggestions.

Ting-a-ling...

RPK-16: Oh my, so many familiar faces.

AK-15: ...

RO635: Are you RPK-16 and AK-15 of Task Force DEFY?

RPK-16: Yes, we are. And you must be RO635, the current leader of the AR Team, right?

RO635: Hello, nice to meet you.

RPK-16: Nice to meet you.

RPK-16: Oh, don't mind me. Please carry on with your conversation.

RO635: ...

The moment RPK-16 shows up, AK-12 leans against the wall and closes her eyes to rest.

Silence hangs in the air.

In the distance, the Galatea Corporation publicity videos are still chattering on.

Mrs. Gray: ...All this time, Galatea Corporation has focused its efforts on researching anti-ELID medications, and I believe everyone will be happy with the results we have achieved.

Mrs. Gray: You may have heard of the new type of anti-ELID medication called "Idunn".

Mrs. Gray: Our aspirations for this formulation are to make it safer, more effective, cheaper and more widely available.

Mrs. Gray: Idunn has shown promising results in clinical trials so far, and it is currently under review by the government.

Mrs. Gray: We believe that it can be launched in the not-too-distant future, and when that happens we cordially invite everyone to judge the effectiveness of Idunn for themselves.

Mrs. Gray: It is always darkest before dawn, so please do not give up hope. We will surely see the first rays when the sun comes up!

The crowds surrounding the monitor cheer wildly.

Even from quite a distance away, the Dolls gathered at the bar's rear entrance can feel the genuine outpour of joy and hope from the people.

The Dolls watch the jubilant crowd with curiosity.

RPK-16: Humans are such fragile yet resilient creatures.

RPK-16: They are easily crushed by absolute might, but if you give them a little bit of hope...

RPK-16: Even if it's just a little, it can reignite their thirst for life.

At some point, RPK-16 has walked up next to RO635.

RO635: ...You're right.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's better to be a Doll though! If our bodies break, we can simply get a new one!

RPK-16: I disagree.

RPK-16: Have you heard of the Ship of Theseus?

M4 SOPMOD II: What's that?

RPK-16: A long time ago, a human posed a question.

RPK-16: If the planks of the ship of Theseus were constantly being changed out, until none of the planks were the original ones, then would it still be the original ship?

RPK-16: Now apply the same question to Dolls. If our parts are constantly replaced, or if we get a new body entirely, then are we still the same Dolls that we originally were?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm...

RO635: This story...

RPK-16: We need to keep replacing our parts to keep functioning.

RPK-16: But human bodies don't work that way.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmmm...

RPK-16: Discounting things like accidents, humans can live a long time in their own bodies of flesh.

RPK-16: Their bodies may be fragile, but they are heartbreakingly pure and unadulterated.

RO635: Your thoughts are very profound, Miss RPK-16...

SOP-II has already dozed off while leaning on RO's shoulder.

Out of politeness, RO is compelled to stay where she is.

RPK-16: Miss RO, do you find my musings dry and boring?

RO635: Not at all...

M4 SOPMOD II: Zzzzz...

RO635: You're drooling again, SOP-II...

RPK-16: That's wonderful. There are many things I'd like to ask you, Miss RO.

RPK-16 turns toward RO and peers at her with fascination.

RPK-16: I hear that you're the prototype for the third generation of Dolls.

RPK-16: Miss Persica didn't place any restrictions on your base layer.

RO635: Um...

RO635: That's true, but practically speaking there's no real difference.

RPK-16: A base layer like a blank sheet of paper...

RPK-16: It's as close to a human soul as you can get.

RO635: ...

RPK-16: I suppose you could say that in a certain sense, you have a human heart, Miss RO.

RO635: Well, I wouldn't go that far. At the end of the day, I'm—

RPK-16: Then have you ever wondered what it would feel like to be a human?

RPK-16: After all, the only thing that keeps you from being completely human is not having a body made of flesh, right?

RPK-16: If a Doll had a soul as pure as a human's and a body as pure as a human's, then she would practically be no different than her creator...

RO635: What?

The unexpected question is so unnerving that RO takes a step back.

ST AR-15's eyes snap open from her feigned sleep. AK-15 and AK-12 also eye their teammate incredulously.

RPK-16: Aw, don't be so tense, I was just thinking out loud.

RO635: Er... Sorry... I've never thought about this question before, so I don't know how to answer it.

Ting-a-ling...

The Commander steps out of the back door.

Commander: RO, let's—

Commander: Oh hey, it's Task Force DEFY. I'm not interrupting anything, am I?

RPK-16: Hello, Commander.

Commander: Hello. Ange's waiting for you in there.

Commander: RO, we should head back.

RO635: OK. 15, SOP-II, let's go.

M4 SOPMOD II: zzzzZZZZZ...

ST AR-15: SOP-II, wake up! Time to go!

...On a rooftop occupied by Squad 404 in the Old Town district.

416: What the hell were they droning on about? It almost put me to sleep.

UMP9: 45, what's on your mind?

UMP45: ...

UMP45's gaze once again falls on RPK-16, who is currently smiling and talking to Ange.

UMP45: I have a feeling something's about to happen.
Part 6: Ariadne's Clew I

6

...Temporary command post, Berlin.

Utterly exhausted, the Commander flops down on the sofa right after entering the room.

UMP45: Since you've safely returned to the command post, we'll go get some rest ourselves.

Commander: Sure, your work for the day is over too.

UMP9: Hurry, 45! If we don't leave soon, the queues are going to be super long!

UMP45: Coming. See you tomorrow, Commander.

The transmission ends, and the Commander lifts a hand up to their forehead.

RO635: How was Miss Ange?

Commander: Well enough. At the very least, she looked like she could still easily snap my neck.

ST AR-15: Speaking of which, about Machlian—

Perosa stands in the doorway with a cup of strong tea in hand.

Commander: What happened?

Perosa: She's awake, Commander.

Perosa: Also, I think you'll need this.

The Commander accepts the tea, which is at just the right temperature. Its thick aroma fills the nose and lifts the spirits.

Commander: Get Dandelion. We'll begin the interrogation.

Perosa: She's compiling our information on Bohnsdorf.

Commander: Then we'll start without her.

Inside the room, Machlian has already woken up and is sitting on a chair while glaring coldly at the Commander.

The Commander drags a chair over and sits opposite her.

Machlian: ...

Commander: Your name is Machlian, is that correct?

Machlian: Yes.

Machlian: What about you? Are you really called Robin?

Commander: No comment, but you can keep calling me Robin if you like.

Machlian: ...I knew it.

Machlian: Still, you did save me.

The Commander looks up from the information on the tablet and carefully studies Machlian's appearance.

She's still a little groggy and confused, having just woken up from being knocked out.

She looks practically identical to the picture of Morridow, but her temperament couldn't be any more different.

Is Morridow just that good at disguising herself, or is she really somebody else?

Commander: When did you first join Paradeus?

Machlian: I was never part of Paradeus. I'm just an ordinary person.

Commander: ...

Commander: From what I know, there is a girl from Paradeus who looks just like you.

Commander: You might have heard her name before—Morridow.

Commander: What is your relationship with her?

Machlian: ...

Commander: Or are you her, perhaps?

Machlian: I have only one name—Machlian. That's the only thing people call me.

Commander: So you refuse to disclose the nature of your relationship with her?

Machlian: I don't care about her affairs and I don't want to hear about her. I want nothing to do with her for the rest of my life.

Machlian's eyes fill with fear and pain at the mention of Morridow's name.

Commander: Then let's talk about you. When we found you, you were in Bohnsdorf.

Commander: Bohnsdorf was a refugee shelter that was built a few years ago. What were you doing there?

Machlian: ...Treating ELID patients.

Commander: Why?

Machlian: There's no why to it. Since I have the ability to do so, I ought to use it to treat refugees in need.

Commander: To my knowledge, there is no existing medical cure for ELID.

Commander: The most common therapy nowadays involves strengthening the patient's antibodies to gradually defeat the illness.

Commander: But I saw you pray over a refugee and perform a certain ritual, and then the refugee got better, just like that.

Commander: What did you do? Was it some kind of medicine?

Machlian: Yes...

Commander: Where did your medicine come from?

Machlian: ...

Commander: Who supplied you with the medicine?

Machlian: ...

Machlian looks like she wants to say something, but her lips quiver for a long time without uttering a word.

Commander: Are you afraid of something?

Machlian: ...

Machlian: I...

Machlian goes quiet, avoiding the question.

Machlian: If all you want from me is treatment...

Machlian: Then you can just bring the patients to me, and I will save them.

Machlian: But if you kidnapped me because you're after the exact treatment method, then you have wasted your time.

Machlian: Because I'm the only one who can administer it.

Commander: ...

Machlian: We haven't known each other for a long time, but I can sense that you're different from those who profit off anti-ELID products. Profit is not your goal.

Machlian: I am not saying this to trick you or win your trust. I simply wish for us to meet each other halfway.

Machlian: If you release me, I am willing to help you.

There is a creak as Dandelion pushes the door open.

Dandelion: Commander, I've finished compiling the information on Bohnsdorf.

Machlian: ...

The moment she sees Dandelion, Machlian's calm features begin to distort...

Machlian: Paradeus... You...

Machlian: You're from Paradeus...

Commander: What?

Machlian's eyes fill with tears as she glares at the Commander with a look of anger and despair. Disbelief and betrayal are written all over her face.

Machlian: Here you are again!

Machlian: What are you going to do to me this time?!

Machlian: You're going to strap me onto a slab and torture me forever, aren't you?!

Commander: We aren't going to do that! Machlian, please, calm down...

Machlian laughs derisively as she stares blankly.

Machlian: I won't let you have your way.

Machlian: Neither him, nor YOU.

Commander: ...

Machlian: Nobody will—

Dandelion: Commander, her virtual cognition image is disintegrating!

Machlian: She's coming! She's coming!

Machlian: I can hear her footsteps!

Commander: Dandelion, subdue her!

Dandelion: On it.

A second later, Machlian knocks over the table as she slumps limply to the ground.

M4 SOPMOD II: What does it mean when a virtual cognition image disintegrates?

Dandelion: Simply put, it's like a Doll's neural cloud meltdown.

RO635: A virtual cognition image? Is that the Paradeus' equivalent of a neural cloud? Why have I never heard that term before?

Dandelion: Because I just made it up on the spot.

Dandelion: I have already verified the presence of a virtual cognition image in Machlian, which is to say she is 100% a Nyto.

Dandelion: I should also point out that now is when her defenses are the most lax, so I recommend hacking her directly.

RO635: ...

Commander: Why didn't you tell me earlier? Will it cause her harm?

Dandelion: You never asked.

Dandelion: And her current lack of resistance will actually minimize the damage we inflict.

Commander: Then get started right away. I want answers!

Dandelion: Understood.
Part 7: One-Sided Recollection

7

【WARNING】 This is a 【Combat Tutorial】, do not skip!

Dandelion's Voice: Commander, we have entered Machlian's virtual cognitive image.

Dandelion's Voice: Our actions here may alter the environment in unpredictable ways.

Dandelion's Voice: I will release the neural data of certain Griffin T-Dolls stored within me. Their experience in battle will be of great assistance to us.

Dandelion's Voice: I can strengthen our forces by harnessing the Dolls' experience. Of course, it is your choice whose data to use, but we will face more powerful enemies with each enhancement.

Dandelion's Voice: The two skills in the bottom right corner are 【Enhance】 and 【Throw】.

Dandelion's Voice: 【Enhance】 gives you a 10-point shield for 3 seconds.

Dandelion's Voice: 【Throw】 deals 1.5x AoE damage to the farthest enemy.

Dandelion's Voice: Use them well to defeat the enemy and we can delve deeper into the virtual consciousness.

Dandelion's Voice: Pause mid-battle to view your selected Doll experience. You may also tap "Battle Settlement" to exit the current battle.

Dandelion's Voice: Our exploration will still count as a success even if you exit this way.

Dandelion's Voice: Also, you won't be able to select new battle experience after 8 battles, but there is no end to the danger in this virtual cognitive image.

Dandelion's Voice: You might enjoy testing the limit of the virtual consciousness?

Dandelion's Voice: If you're up for the challenge, have a go at it in Endless Mode.

Dandelion's Voice: Don't give up and try to push us as far as we can go.
Part 8: Ariadne's Clew III

8

Through Dandelion, the Commander finds an extraordinary amount of memory fragments in Machlian's virtual cognition image...

Dandelion: How interesting...

ST AR-15: You've been muttering to yourself for a while now. What have you found?

Dandelion: Machlian is truly a collection of contradictions. The structure of her virtual cognition image looks like very early Paradeus technology, but her memory fragments are presented in a way that is nothing like I've ever seen in a Nyto before.

RO635: So she's both new and old...?

Dandelion: The memory fragments from the abandoned Isomers in Tallinn were just a collection of low-res visual clips, but Machlian's memories look like they've been digitized.

Commander: Is it hard to process her virtual consciousness?

Dandelion: Hacking her virtual consciousness isn't difficult in itself, but I don't know where to start when it comes to a collection of memory fragments of this size.

ST AR-15: Well, whatever its structure, you can always sort them by chronological order, right?

Dandelion: If it were that simple, I would have done it already, but that's impossible here.

Dandelion: Machlian's memory fragments lack timestamps, so I can't put them in chronological order.

RO635: How could that be?!

Dandelion: That's how it is.

M4 SOPMOD II: What's that supposed to mean?

RO635: Memory fragments are all timestamped from creation and they are typically never removed.

RO635: Unless...

Dandelion: Unless someone really had all the free time to go frame by frame and trim off the timestamps for every single one.

ST AR-15: Deleting the timestamps for this amount of memory fragments on a frame-by-frame basis seems almost impossible.

RO635: Then that leaves only one possibility—her memories were destructively wiped, which led to the loss of their timestamps and her memories being thrown into disarray.

M4 SOPMOD II: So even she doesn't know what really happened in the past?

Commander: ...

Commander: Is it possible that somebody could have embedded these memory fragments into her?

Dandelion: No.

Dandelion: Machlian's virtual cognition image is extremely fragile and forcibly implanting memories could have led to a complete breakdown.

Dandelion: Also, I collected some readable data, but since they're out of order, reorganizing them might lead to many different conclusions once they're read.

Commander: Please go over the fragments which can be read.

Dandelion: Alright, I'll start from the most recent one...

...In Bohnsdorf.

Elsa: ...My Lady, do you have any brothers or sisters?

Machlian: Hm, I suppose you could say I have a little sister.

Elsa: Wow, your little sister must love you since you're so nice, My Lady!

Machlian: ...That doesn't seem to be the case, though.

Elsa: Hm? Do you not get along with your sister?

Machlian: Two insects fall into a small hole. They can hold each other to keep warm and find a way to survive together, or they can trample each other underfoot to see who comes out on top.

Machlian: Right now, neither of the insects is moving, because the storm has yet to come.

Machlian: Once it arrives, there is no telling what will happen.

Machlian: I guess that largely sums up our relationship.

Elsa: I don't quite get it...

Elsa: But that's okay! You're my favorite person in the world, My Lady!

Machlian: Haha, you're my favorite person too, Elsa...

Commander: Another memory of Bohnsdorf... We've seen those several times already.

RO635: It's smooth and clear, but doesn't tell us anything of value.

Dandelion: It can't be helped. It seems only the memories from this period are clear.

Commander: Let's look through the muddled memory fragments.

...In a lab.

She is shackled to some kind of experimental device.

A man whose face is distorted and blurred sits opposite her.

□□: How do you feel now?

Machlian: Not very good...

□□: Do you still remember who you are?

Machlian: ...Machlian.

□□: Do you still remember who I am?

Machlian: You... You're...

A stretch of painful and garbled memories flood into her mind, but Machlian does not say anything.

□□: Hmm, are you experiencing memory impediment?

□□: Very good, it seems the memory scrubbing is showing more progress from yesterday.

□□: Let's wipe her again. Perhaps I'll make a breakthrough with my experiment today.

Assistant: Understood...

The man's assistant walks over and does something to the device.

Machlian: What are you going to do to me...?

□□: Before we begin the scrub, I'll show you something nice.

The man holds a picture up to Machlian's eyes.

It is a warm and loving family picture. A perfectly ordinary husband and wife lean affectionately against each other, and the girl in the middle smiles. Even the gap where her missing front tooth should be seems to be smiling too.

Machlian: Papa... Mama...

□□: And I'll tell you another little secret.

□□: Your beloved father and mother...are dead.

□□: Well, calling them dead isn't quite right. They're still wandering around in the village, attacking every living creature that passes by.

Machlian: ...

Machlian: No... No... I don't believe it!

Machlian: Let me go! I want to find Papa and Mama!

She struggles vigorously, but the device that keeps her shackled does not yield.

□□: Oh yes, struggle, struggle with all your might!

□□: Not like you will remember our conversation once you wake up.

□□: Begin the scrub.

Assistant: Got it.

Her mind instantly goes blank. The world spins end over end and all kinds of images dance before her eyes.

After an indeterminate amount of time, the world finally quiets down again.

□□: How do you feel now?

Machlian: Not very good...

The man with the distorted face laughs menacingly, and Machlian's vision begins to blur...

Commander: ...

Commander: Are there any fragments where his face is visible?

Dandelion: I do not recommend doing that at the moment. Machlian's virtual consciousness is weak to begin with; forcibly restoring specially processed image data could easily lead to a breakdown.

M4 SOPMOD II: That guy's face is such a scary mess...

RO635: I don't know if that's the result of Machlian's fear for him or the alterations Paradeus has made to her memories.

RO635: If it's the latter, it would mean Paradeus has a terrifying degree of control over virtual cognition.

Commander: ...Keep searching.

Dandelion puts Machlian's mind on display. Fragments of all colors, sizes and shapes are scattered everywhere. Some of them seem out of place, while others even look damaged.

Commander: Start with these fragments and look for the ones with similar colors. Doesn't matter if they're blurred.

Dandelion: Alright.

...Inside a certain underground base.

An electronic monitor clearly displays a map of Berlin, covered in densely-packed location markers.

A girl with a blurred face is giving out assignments.

???: Do you remember your assigned locations?

White Nyto: We have memorized them.

Black Nyto: We will proceed to our assigned positions and carry out our tasks.

???: Very good, very good.

The girl with the blurred face hands out control devices to the Nytos.

The Nytos respectfully hold out both hands to receive them.

???: Do you know what these are? Dare you reach out to take them?

Black Nyto: ...What are these?

???: What?!

The girl suddenly flies into a rage. She picks up the black Nyto by the collar and throws her toward a nearby wall.

A splatter of blood instantly covers the wall.

???: This concerns Father's Operation Cocoon, a plan of utmost importance! How dare you not pay attention?!

???: You there, tell me, what is this?!

White Nyto: It is the control device for an Iaso's Box.

???: Correct! It is a weapon that will make the world a better place!

???: With just a push of this little button, wonderful hope will fly out of the box.

???: When everyone pushes this button, all of Berlin will be filled with glorious hope!

The Nytos fall to their knees one after the other and hold their arms out to the girl...

The white Nyto's finger lightly taps the button for the control device.

White Nyto: Is the mission complete?

Black Nyto: Everything is ready.

White Nyto: Very good. All is for Father's glory.

Black Nyto: For Father's glory.

The Nytos begin praying devoutly...

Countless white Nytos press the buttons on the control devices they are holding...

Boom—

A series of explosions fill the air, and pale yellow pollen works its way into every corner of the city.

The contamination index in the city spikes to Red Zone levels. People flood the streets, desperately trying to get out of the pollen's range.

But in the end, they all collapse on the street one after the other.

Some of them don't get up again, but others come back to life in another way.

ELID Infected: Aaarghhhhh...

White Nyto: Remember Father's orders. Search for all the semi- and pan-immunosomes and bring them back to the base alive.

Black Nyto: Yes.

A legion of Nytos walk into the pale yellow pollen. Bestial howls blend with desperate human wails...

An inferno has manifested on earth.

Perosa: ...Is this Berlin?

RO635: I saw the quarantine wall...

Commander: ...

Commander: Record this entire stretch, we need to be sure about this.

My hand trembles slightly as it holds my teacup. I can't get that apocalyptic scene out of my head. Those screams of pain and suffering make it hard to breathe.
Part 9: Cretan Labyrinth I

9

...Temporary command post, Berlin.

Commander: ...That's concludes my report, Sir.

Commander: The information presented earlier was taken from Machlian's virtual consciousness. Do you have any more questions?

Griffin: ...

Griffin scrolls through the recorded images from Machlian's virtual consciousness and studies them carefully.

Griffin: I see.

Griffin: They figured that the government would be unable to stop so many small-scale explosions in so many regions.

Griffin: This would be much more fail-safe compared to a single big terrorist attack.

Griffin: Truly a meticulous plan.

Commander: It seems you are already aware of this information.

Griffin: I only knew that the plan existed, but not the specifics of its implementation.

Griffin: Still, I'd like to ask—given what you know of Machlian, how reliable is the information recovered from her?

Commander: I understand your concern.

Commander: After all, we successfully extracted Machlian and recovered information pertaining to a major Paradeus conspiracy from her without a hitch.

Commander: Everything has gone too smoothly, and success of this sort does seem strange.

Griffin: Have you eliminated the possibility that those memories could have been implanted?

Commander: We've already checked carefully, and they are definitely not external data.

Commander: However, there is one thing that still baffles me.

Griffin: The identity of Machlian, you mean?

Commander: I still don't know what role she plays in the plan.

Commander: Her memories were destroyed by someone. They are a jumbled mess and there's no way to tell what she's been through.

Commander: We cannot determine if she's bait or some unexpected element of the plan.

Griffin: Whatever she is, she's worth looking into.

Commander: Correct. Whether this is a trap or genuine information about their plan, we will be able to learn something about the orchestrator by pursuing this lead.

Commander: I need to find the location described in this memory fragment and investigate further.

Commander: I'm going to find out if these events have already transpired but were obfuscated, or if they're still in the planning stage.

Griffin: Don't worry about resources; requisition as many as you need.

Griffin: But I need a more detailed report and images of all the memory fragments.

Griffin: I hope we can be frank with each other in this exchange of information.

Griffin: After all, we have a shared goal of averting disaster and making this world a better place.

Commander: Understood.

Griffin: I'll be waiting for good news from you, then.

The transmission ends.

Commander: RO, Perosa, gather everyone.

RO635: Yes, Commander!

Perosa: Understood!

Commander: Dandelion, select a team to dive into Machlian's memories with you. Pick out all the scenes of the disaster as soon as possible.

Dandelion: Alright, the Doll access bridge is up.

Dandelion: Ready to begin at any time.
Part 10: CL II - Memory Fragment A

10

...Pale yellow mist fills the underground passage.

This is supposed to be rush hour, yet the subway station is silent.

Several black-clothed girls hop, skip and jump along the tracks, humming a strange rhyme.

Black Nyto: "Who killed Cock Robin?"

Black Nyto: "I, said the Sparrow, with my bow and arrow, I killed Cock Robin."

Black Nyto: "Who saw him die?"

Black Nyto: "I, said the Fly, with my little teeny eye, I saw him die."

The office workers on the railway platform would normally be chatting away. Instead, they're now lying quietly on the platform, seemingly fast asleep. They do not respond even when the black-clothed girls tread on them...

Black Nyto: "Who caught his blood?"

White Nyto: "I, said the Fish, with my little dish, I caught his blood."

...The pale yellow mist stretches out to a familiar village.

Pale and bony refugees wail and cry in despair as they fall to this insidious and deadly mist, one after another.

The white-clothed girls smile and chant their rhyme while passing through the refugee's corpses, oblivious to the hellish sight around them.

White Nyto: "Who'll make the shroud?"

White Nyto: "I, said the Beetle, with my thread and needle, I'll make the shroud."

White Nyto: "Who'll dig his grave?"

White Nyto: "I, said the Owl, with my pick and shovel, I'll dig his grave."

A frail woman crawls along the ground, her face streaked with tears. She is desperately clinging to her last hope.

The white-clad girls walk towards her steadily, closing the distance between them, until the woman can see the blood dripping from the tips of the scythes in their hands...

The woman opens her mouth in terror, as if to scream for the last time in her life—

□□□: Aaaaahhhhhh—

The mournful wail of a young girl suddenly fills the dead silent village.

□□□: Mama!!! Papa!!!

□□□: Don't leave me... Nooooo!!!

So piteous is her howl that even the birds flying overhead stop to offer their sympathies.

Unfortunately, in this village where all is still, the only one left alive is a sobbing girl.

□□□: Wake up! Please wake up!!!

As the inconsolable girl is crying her heart out, an unfamiliar voice echoes from far in the distance...

□□: Wonderful! Wonderful! A pan-immunosome!

□□□: ...(Sob) What? Who are you?

A man with a blurry, distorted face runs over in delight and holds out his hand.

□□: Hello, I am □□.

□□□: I don't know you...

The girl clutches her mother's still-warm hand fearfully.

□□: Don't be scared. We're here to help you.

□□: Your mother and father are asleep, but you have the power to wake them up.

□□: And I know how to help you...

□□□: But...

□□: Don't you want to bring back your mommy and daddy?

□□□: I do...

□□: Right now, I'm the only one who can save your parents.

She hesitantly reaches up to the man before her...

A pair of tightly clasped hands are parted.

The souls clinging to each other are torn apart.

□□□: No...no...

Her head feels like it would explode, but she still tries to reach out with her hands, seeking to grasp the warmth that she has lost.

□□□: No... Don't take her away!

□□□: Please, I'm begging you!!!

This is a vast laboratory with people milling around, but her cries are completely ignored, just like in that dead silent village.

□□□: Please!!! Please!!!

□□□: Give her back to me!!! She's a part of me!!!

□□□: She's my other half...

□□: Hm?

The man with the blurred and twisted face looms high above, looking down on her.

□□: You are worthless.

□□: Your only value is to provide her vessel with a soul.

□□□: ...

□□: Oh, don't worry, I won't let you go to sleep just like that.

□□: I will always remember the sense of defeat you made me feel...

Someone savagely seizes her neck, making it hard to breathe...

□□: I was so close... So close to success...

□□: But because of your stubbornness, I fell short of success by just a little!!!

Her vision pulses with blackness, and her mind begins to drift away from her body.

□□: But that's alright. I've already created her using your data.

□□: And she... She will make up for your shortcomings.

□□: As for you, I will have you watch, alive, suffering, and with your eyes wide open, as that day arrives...

She can breathe again.

But she can still hear him curse her through gritted teeth.
Part 11: CL II - Memory Fragment B

11

...In the darkness.

Two women with indistinct faces are talking to each other.

???: ...Have things been settled in the other places?

???: Since when was it your place to question me?!

???: Just mind your own business, I don't need a hag like you nagging me about how I do my work.

???: You should know that our plan is like an arrangement of dominos, if a single part goes wrong...

???: Yes, yes, I know!

???: If a single part goes wrong, the entirety of Father's plan will be affected!

???: So how is your part going?

???: Hehe, don't you worry about my abilities.

She suddenly produces an Iaso's Box, which glows faintly with blue light...

???: I've hidden these little things all over Berlin, hahahahaha!

The shrill alarm rings continuously, drowning out the shouts of the inmates.

Inmate 1: What's going on? What happened?

Inmate 2: What's this weird smell? Someone turn on the lights!

Bang! Something explodes.

Just then, the emergency lights come on. At the same time, the security systems imprisoning these inmates suddenly stop working.

Inmate 1: What's happening?

Inmate 2: Are we free?

The inmates' delight does not last long.

They soon realize that during the recent period of deep, crushing darkness, a terrible change has taken place...

Inmate 3: What are you doing?!

ELID Infected: Aaaaarghhhhhh...

Inmate 3: I'm your friend!!! Stay back!!! Ahhh that hurts—

Inmate 1: Help me!!!

Their former cellmates have transformed into fearsome monsters which are now lunging and tearing at the fleeing human inmates.

Said inmates run around in a blind panic, not noticing the open Iaso's Boxes lying quietly on the floor...

Boom!

A continuous series of explosions bring forth blossoms of fire on the surface of the quarantine wall.

Quarantine Wall Defender: No! No!!!

Quarantine Wall Defender: The quarantine wall has fallen!

Quarantine Wall Defender: The wall is down!

As the crowd watches in dismay, the quarantine wall, which has withstood wind and rain and protected the city for many years, collapses like a toppled sand castle.

Behind it, a pale yellow mist sweeps in like a sandstorm...

A petite figure tramples the remains of the quarantine wall underfoot, cradling an Iaso's Box as she shrieks with peals of mad laughter.

???: Ahahahahahaha! This is your doomsday!

???: Run! Run like mad! Run like sheep being chased by hyenas!

???: We will be there sooner or later! Because we are everywhere!

...A woman's hysterical laughter echoes in the darkness, while the other woman remains silent.

???: So does that mean everything is ready? I'll report it to my teacher, then.

???: Oh, don't give me that nonsense! I handled it in person, so how could anything go wrong?

???: Also, I'll report the mission status to Big Sister myself, now just scram!

?: I gather you've completed your mission, seeing that you have the time to bicker.

A third woman interjects.

The moment she speaks, the other two immediately bow their heads in reverence.

???: Teacher, everything is ready on my end...

???: Big Sister, I've finished all my tasks, too!

?: Very good. Father will reward you for your efforts.

?: Now then, there is only one last thing to do...

???: Let me do it, Big Sis!

???: I'll be so happy every bone in my body will dance a jig If I get to kill that woman!

???: ...

?: No, I must finish off that woman personally.

?: This is the mission I was given from the moment I was born, after all.

The third woman slowly approaches, the sound of her high heels tapping out crisp notes on the floor.

Clack...clack...clack...

Neither quick nor slow, but each step is filled with lethal menace.

Clack...clack...clack...

Every beat feels like a stomp on her heart.

Clack...

She is here.
Part 12: CL II - Memory Fragment C

12

...Inkblots.

Inkblots of all shapes and sizes.

They're everywhere, bewildering the eyes.

□□: Tell me, what do you see?

□□□: ...

□□: I advise you not to test my patience.

□□□: ...

□□: This is the last time I'm asking you, what do you see in the inkblot?

□□□: ...

□□□: The remains of corpses.

□□: You worthless piece of trash!!!

□□□: Blood, it's blood...

A heavy slap across her face sends her reeling.

□□: Blood? Heh... Well, that IS one of your few uses.

□□: Now that you mention it, is it time to draw blood today?

Her arm is firmly secured, and a sharp razor blade cuts her skin.

Blood gushes out into the container.

Assistant: Professor, I think that's enough...

□□: Relax, it's not like she'd die.

□□: Good dogs fight back when they can't take any more abuse. A worthless mutt like her will live to the end, even if she has no pride to speak of.

The blood flows down the outside of the container, dripping onto the ground...

Drip...drip...

The IV bottle connected to her wrist steadily drips its liquid.

The base is unusually noisy today.

Nyto's Voice: Faster, move it faster. Father said he wants everything transferred by today.

□□□: ...

She carefully pulls out the IV catheter, and the alarm goes off, as expected.

Nyto's Voice: Don't look around! Our schedule is packed! Pick up the pace!

After a while, nobody has come around to check on her, and the sound of the alarm has died down.

Her heartbeat suddenly speeds up in excitement.

□□□: Is anyone...there...?

Nobody answers.

She stands up and pushes open the door to the treatment room.

There are no obstacles in the empty corridor.

Her footsteps slowly pick up speed, getting faster and faster, until she's in a flat-out sprint...

...At the truck dispatch point.

Black Nyto: ...This is the last batch of trash that needs disposing. We'll head out in five minutes.

Black Nyto: Once we've taken care of it, we'll proceed directly to the new base.

White Nyto: Good. Don't waste any time along the way.

White Nyto: If you're discovered or followed, take care of them by yourself. Remember to destroy all the evidence.

Black Nyto: Understood.

She holds her breath, and climbs into the cabin filled with abandoned Isomers.

She pulls off a black cape and drapes it over herself, then she pulls apart the girls' cold corpses and squeezes among them.

She is nervous and afraid. All she can do is close her eyes and wait for the truck to start moving.

White Nyto: It's time.

White Nyto: Go, hurry up and dispose of this trash.

The truck shudders, and finally, it begins to move.

In the distance, she hears a panicked alarm coming from the base...
Part 13: CL II - Memory Fragment D

13

...Icy rain water splashes on her face.

It awakens the girl who has escaped the base, buried among the abandoned Isomers.

□□□: ...

She pushes away the abandoned Isomers on top of her and slowly stands up.

There are corpses of little girls as far as the eye can see.

□□□: ...Who am I?

□□□: Ma...chlian...

She manages to recall her name with great effort, but more questions soon follow.

Machlian: Where...will I go?

Machlian: Where did I...come from?

In a daze, she walks out of the ditch filled with girls' corpses.

Machlian: Living...normal person...

The rain soaks the bandages on her body, and her wounds start to hurt.

Machlian: Save...save them...

A bizarre scene appears in her mind.

The scene of a catastrophe...

Machlian: I...I want to save them...

Machlian: I want...to save them...

Someone speaks from behind her.

Nyto's Voice 1: The latest batch of trash was all dumped here, wasn't it?

Nyto's Voice 2: Yes, big sister.

Nyto's Voice 1: Gather everyone and find her.

Nyto's Voice 2: Understood!

Machlian: No... I don't...

Machlian: I don't want to go back...

Machlian: I want... I want to save them...

She seizes onto this idea that has seeped into her mind and starts running with faltering steps...

She runs...and runs... She runs without stopping...

She doesn't know how long she has run, or how far.

???: Hey, how come you look like such a mess?

Machlian: I... Don't touch me!

Elsa: Don't be scared! My name's Elsa!

Elsa: I swear, I won't hurt you...

Machlian: ...

Elsa: You're really badly hurt...

???: Elsa, what's all this ruckus?

Elsa: Miss Elia, there's a refugee here who needs our help!

Elia: Nonsense! This is no refugee!

Elia: She's our Saint!

Elsa: Saint? She's a Saint?

Elia: Greetings, My Lady. You must have been sent by God to save us!

Machlian: I... I don't understand...

Elia: That's fine. Just come with me first.

Elia: I run a refugee shelter, and many people are waiting for you to save them there...

Machlian: Refugee...save...

Elia: Come...come with me...

Elsa: Thank goodness, we have a Saint now!

The warm little hand tightly clutches hers.

She has never met this young girl, but she feels oddly at ease around her.
Part 14: Cretan Labyrinth III

14

...Temporary command post, Berlin.

Kolibri: What happened to Machlian was horrible... They did all that to her just because they thought she was a pan-immunosome...

ST AR-15: If you've seen what Paradeus has done, you'll know that this is just child's play.

ST AR-15: She's no longer the person she originally was, and if she has some kind of ulterior motive, it'll only lead to a greater disaster.

Kolibri: Hey! Don't you have any sympathy...?

Perosa: Quiet. The Commander's giving orders.

Commander: Organize all the fragments related to the terrorist attack and send them to the Earl. Ask him to help us find these coordinates.

Perosa: Yes. Uploading now.

Commander: ...Dandelion, when will Machlian wake up?

Dandelion: She'll regain consciousness in about five minutes. Are you going to resume the interrogation?

Kolibri: The Commander's so cruel...

Derringer: Good thing we're on the Commander's side!

Commander: ...

RO635: You're getting the wrong idea about the Commander...

Fedorov: Commander... Doesn't Machlian deserve to know that we hacked into her memories?

Kolibri: Yeah, we Dolls hate people snooping around in our memories without permission.

Derringer: After all, memories are very important to us.

ST AR-15: She's just a Paradeus captive; it's not like she has rights or anything.

ST AR-15: Besides, there's no telling if there's a bigger conspiracy surrounding her.

Dandelion: Being hacked is a common thing for Paradeus. There's no need to mention it.

Commander: That's enough. I'll inform her.

ST AR-15: ...

Kolibri: Yeah, that's the way!

Machlian: ...

Machlian is woken up by the chattering Dolls.

Commander: Do you feel unwell?

Machlian: ...

Machlian looks at her fresh bandages and says nothing.

Commander: ...We are not from Paradeus.

Machlian: Aren't you?

Machlian: I trusted you once, but I will never trust you again.

Commander: Machlian, please, calm down.

Commander: I've told you before, we did this for no other reason than to protect you.

Commander: Your violent reaction was dangerous, so I had Dandelion hack into your virtual consciousness to stop you.

Machlian: ...

Commander: I'm sorry.

Machlian: ...

Commander: We also looked through your memories without your permission.

The Commander looks down as they recall the horrific scenes they saw in Machlian's memories.

Machlian notices the Commander's clenched fists.

Commander: In your memories, we saw the many disasters caused by Paradeus.

Commander: The Nyto enforcers called it "Operation Cocoon".

Machlian: Operation Cocoon...

Commander: They set off pollen bombs in various parts of Berlin, causing the radiation intensity to go beyond Red Zone levels.

Commander: Everyone in Berlin was fleeing... But no matter how fast they ran, they weren't fast enough to avoid turning into ELIDs...

Machlian: ...

Commander: Do you know anything else about this?

Commander: Please tell me everything you know about where and when this happened!

Commander: I need to find where all the bombs are hidden and figure out exactly what's going on. Otherwise, I...

The Commander takes a deep breath and quells the rage in their heart.

Commander: I went through a living nightmare when a dirty bomb went off near me once.

Commander: I know very well how painful and torturous it is to suffer from ELID...

Commander: So I will absolutely not allow such a thing to happen.

Commander: Please, Machlian. I need your help.

Machlian: ...Are you really not with Paradeus?

Commander: I'm not. In fact, just like you, we are fighting Paradeus.

Machlian: But can I really trust you...?

Commander: If you trust me, then I will trust you.

Commander: Together, we can stop this tragedy from taking place.

Machlian's eyes glimmer as the Commander quickly summarizes the images they saw just now.

Machlian: ...

Machlian: As I thought...

Commander: I know your memories have suffered severe damage, but please tell us everything you can remember.

Machlian: ...

Commander: We saw scenes of many locations in Berlin being destroyed by Paradeus. If their plan succeeds, all of Berlin will suffer the same fate.

Commander: Can you tell us where these places are?

Machlian: It's not that I don't want to tell you...

Machlian: But my memories are so jumbled I don't know where to begin.

The Commander and the Dolls fall silent, and that makes Machlian more and more uneasy.

Machlian: I have many images in my mind, but I can't put them together to form a complete story.

Commander: That sounds very similar to the environment of your virtual consciousness.

Machlian: ...

Commander: Also, you mentioned something about curing ELID before you passed out.

Commander: How do you do it?

Machlian: ...

Machlian: With my blood.

Commander: Sorry?

Machlian: Well, not directly using my blood...

Machlian: It's more like my blood is the raw material, which is then processed...

Commander: No wonder you said everyone wanted to kidnap you...

Machlian: ...

Commander: ...

Commander: If what you say is true, then...

Commander: There must be a place where they developed a medicine that can cure or at least slow down ELID infection by experimenting with your blood.

Commander: That must be where you met Morridow.

Machlian: ...

Commander: And this place is closely connected to Paradeus.

Commander: Am I on track so far?

Machlian: Yes.

Commander: Is the medicine genuinely effective?

Machlian: It worked very well...when I used it on those refugees.

Commander: The Dolls searched you, but you weren't carrying any medicine on you. Where is the rest of it?

Machlian: ...

Machlian: I can't say.

Commander: Fair enough. Then l'll ask you again once we make a breakthrough in our investigation.

Machlian: Okay...

ST AR-15: Commander...

I take in Machlian's downcast eyes and pursed lips, I stop ST AR-15, who wants to take over the questioning.

Commander: That's enough. Let's call it a day.

...The Commander's communicator suddenly rings.

Helian: It's time for our scheduled check-in, Commander.

Helian: How's the mission going? We couldn't send anyone from the base, so I hired Squad 404.

Commander: I've already met up with 404.

Commander: Oh yes, how's Kalina doing?

Commander: Other than the message delivered by 404, I haven't heard from her since leaving the base.

Helian: Her condition is relatively stable for now. Mr. Kryuger has arranged for better medical resources for her.

Helian: I'd say Kalina will be able to resume her duties by the time you get back.

Commander: Really? Is Kalina with you right now?

Helian: You should know that regardless of severity, all ELID patients have to be quarantined.

Commander: ...

Helian: Commander, focus on finishing the mission. Mr. Kryuger and I will take care of Kalina.

Commander: Got it.

Commander: I'll return right away once I finish the mission.

Helian: Please take care of yourself too, Commander.

Commander: I will. Tell her to wait for me. I'll be back.

RO635: Commander, I'm sure Miss Kalina will get better.

ST AR-15: ...

Commander: It's fine. Alright, everyone who's not on duty should go get some rest.
Part 15: The Indecipherable Heart (Side)

15

...

In the afternoon.

Machlian has blearily woken from her slumber.

The Doll is sitting by the bed with her eyes closed.

Machlian: Mmm...

Perosa: You're awake.

Perosa opens her eyes upon hearing Machlian quietly stretching herself.

Perosa: Did you sleep well?

Machlian: Yeah, pretty well...

Machlian: Where are the others?

Perosa: They're outside, trying to figure out how to cook for humans. Judging by the ruckus, I don't think it's going too well.

Machlian: ...

Machlian turns to listen. Indeed, a squabble seems to be happening outside the room, but she can't quite make out what it's about.

Perosa: Would you like to step outside and take a look? Walking helps clear your head after you wake up.

Machlian: Alright.

Machlian rises from the bed and follows Perosa out of the room.

Several Dolls are engaged in a heated argument.

The stove is covered with several pans of charred, unidentifiable objects.

Kolibri: ...I couldn't stomach your cooking even with my taste module switched off!

Derringer: What do YOU know? These snacks are part of my private reserve!

Kolibri: But that doesn't mean you can FRY them!

Derringer: The Commander wanted some hot food!

Machlian: ...

Perosa: What are you arguing about?

Savage: Perosa, they're debating whether you can deep fry cookies with other food ingredients.

Fedorov: Hurry up and think of something, Perosa, they've ruined several plates already...

Machlian walks up to the stove, lightly breaks off a small chunk of the unidentifiable black substance and tastes it...

Machlian: ...

Machlian: This is...

A pungent stench of fish wrapped in a sick-inducing sweetness washes over her, rushing into her mouth like a gigantic deep sea shark and trying to burst out the top of her skull...

Machlian's legs give out and she crumples to the floor.

Perosa: Machlian! Are you alright?

Perosa: Get some water!

Savage: Quick, rinse her mouth out with the water!

Machlian finally comes to after they pour big mouthfuls of clean water into her.

After seeing Machlian's reaction to just a tiny bite of their cooking, Kolibri and Derringer are even more crestfallen.

Perosa: Keep an eye on Machlian. Let me handle it.

Savage: Huh, I haven't seen Perosa cook in a while.

Fedorov: Let me help too.

Perosa skillfully descales and washes the fish, then she chops its head off and debones it before cutting it into strips and covering them in flour.

After that, Perosa places the prepared fish and the fries that Fedorov made into the hot oil.

Soon, there is a golden-brown platter of fish and chips on the dining table.

Kolibri: Wow—

Derringer: Perosa, you're amazing!

Machlian: It smells delicious...

Perosa puts a portion in front of Machlian.

Perosa: This is yours.

Machlian: F-For me? Thank you?

The Dolls look on enviously as Machlian picks up a french fry and puts it in her mouth gingerly...

The AR Team has finished their shopping and returned to the temporary command post just in time to see this.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, smells great! Whatcha eating?

ST AR-15: You're done preparing the Commander's afternoon tea? I'll go call them now.

ST AR-15 heads over to the Commander's room.

RO635: Looks like English cuisine.

M4 SOPMOD II: Man, this reminds me of our cafeteria back at the base!

RO635: We'll be able to eat there again once we go back.

Machlian slowly chews the fry in her mouth. It's crispy on the outside but fluffy on the inside. Cooked with practically no added flavoring, the only thing she can taste is the natural fragrance of the potatoes.

Kolibri: Does the food in your cafeteria...taste good?

Derringer: The Earl doesn't like cafeterias and the like; he says there's a risk of being poisoned and all...

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? But the food at ours tastes great! We've got food from all kinds of countries.

M4 SOPMOD II: Like, when it comes to potatoes alone, we have American fries, English chips, Italian mashed potatoes, Chinese potato floss...

Derringer: Please, spare me...

Machlian looks down at the fish and chips on her plate. Just a moment ago, she had thought they were quite delicious, but all of a sudden they seem rather tasteless and bland.

Perosa: Oh, don't be so down. We may actually get to visit this legendary cafeteria one day.

Kolibri: Really?

Savage: I believe the Earl means for us to stay and operate with the Commander on a long-term basis.

Fedorov: The fact is that we still don't know enough about Paradeus. We'll be able to learn a lot by following the Commander.

Derringer: Wow, I'm really looking forward to it...

Machlian finds herself nodding too as she picks up a cup of tea.

M4 SOPMOD II: So how about saying hi to everyone?

Savage: Saying hi?

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, you make a video to say hi and introduce yourselves so everyone at the base can get to know you ahead of time!

RO635: I'm sure the Commander won't mind. I'll confirm it with the Commander later.

The members of Squad Griffin all turn to look at Perosa.

Perosa: Well, since you're obviously really looking forward to it, I can't bring myself to say no either.

Kolibri: Awesome! Let me go clean myself up!

Derringer: What should I say to everyone at the base...?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurry! Banana's already recording!

The members of Squad Griffin take turn walking up to Banana and introducing themselves.

Perosa however, goes over to Machlian.

Perosa: Aren't you coming?

Machlian: I'm not sure I'm welcome there...

Perosa: From what I know of the Commander, we might very well meet again at the base after the mission is over.

Machlian: Um...

Machlian squeezes her cup uneasily. The liquid inside is perfectly still.

The Commander comes out from the command room and into the kitchen with ST AR-15.

Commander: Mm, smells great.

RO635: It's fish and chips, cooked by Perosa herself.

Commander: Looks delicious too. Don't mind if I do.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, I want to make a video of Squad Griffin saying hi to everyone back at the base!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sure they'll be happy to know that we're getting some nice additions!

Commander: Sounds good to me.

Perosa: Commander, Machlian hasn't introduced herself yet.

Perosa smiles and drags Machlian over.

She blushes bright red, not knowing where to look.

ST AR-15: Commander, she's not—

M4 SOPMOD II: It's fine, 15. You've seen the bunch from Sangvis Ferri having fun at the base.

The Commander shoots ST AR-15 a placating look and pushes the plate of fries toward her.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 doesn't touch the fries, but she doesn't protest any further.

Commander: Come on, Machlian.

M4 SOPMOD II: Here, look this way and say something!

Machlian walks in front of Banana and looks uncertainly into the camera.

For a moment, she is overcome by conflicting emotions as countless scenes from the past, both bitter and sweet, flash through her mind.

Machlian: ...Hello, my name is Machlian.
Part 16: Dreams on the Island of Dia I

16

...That night, in Machlian's room in the temporary command post.

ST AR-15 stands by Machlian's bed, looking down at her sleeping face with unbridled hostility.

ST AR-15: Stop pretending.

Machlian: ...

ST AR-15: I know you're only faking it.

Machlian: ...

Deep in the realm of sleep, Machlian does not respond to ST AR-15's accusation.

Dandelion: I never thought Dolls could go crazy...until tonight.

ST AR-15: I knew you'd show up too.

Dandelion: If I hadn't, you'd have dragged her out by the collar, wouldn't you?

ST AR-15: Did you come here just to take shots at me?

Dandelion: Of course not. I could have done it during the day too.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: You're also suspicious of her.

Dandelion: Well, not so much suspicious as curious.

Dandelion: Machlian's virtual consciousness is unique. Chaotic virtual consciousness is commonplace in Paradeus units, but this is the first time I've seen such a spectacular mess.

Dandelion: And that doesn't even begin to cover how she actually has scenes in her head which seem to foretell the future.

ST AR-15: I just think she has an ulterior motive.

ST AR-15: For all we know, getting caught by the Commander was part of her plan.

Dandelion: Well, I don't see why we can't carry out our respective investigations.

Dandelion looks down at her arm, which ST AR-15 is holding in a vise-like grip.

ST AR-15: ...I'm not specialized in electronic warfare.

Dandelion: So you want me to build a link for you to enter Machlian's virtual consciousness?

ST AR-15: Yes.

Dandelion: That is no problem at all. You just have to...

Dandelion: Beg me.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion feels the grip on her arm tighten further.

Dandelion: You DO know that a Nyto's body has no sense of pain, right?

ST AR-15: Cut the crap and build the link.

Dandelion: You have a very interesting way of begging for help.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: I don't want to go out of my way to make things difficult for you, so how about we make a deal?

ST AR-15: What do you have in mind?

Dandelion: I want 10 instances of immunity. When I invoke them, you cannot attack me for my words.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: You're not willing?

Dandelion: Forget it, then.

ST AR-15: Fine, it's a deal.
Part 17: Dreams II mid-stage

17

...Inside Machlian's virtual consciousness.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: I didn't think this place would be even more of a mess than it looked from the outside.

Dandelion: "15, I'm here, save me."

ST AR-15: What the hell?! Who gave you permission to talk like M4?!

Dandelion: Immunity instance 1 of 10.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 clenches her fists and stalks silently toward a distant fragment.

...It appears to be a factory.

Several white Nytos are checking production line data.

Girl's Voice: Have we met our production quota for today?

A girl's voice comes out of nowhere. The white Nytos bow respectfully in response.

White Nyto: We have met our quota for the day.

White Nyto: But the memory scrub hasn't been entirely successful with several of the modified units. They ripped off their inhibitors and modifications without permission.

Girl's Voice: Did their virtual consciousnesses break down?

White Nyto: No, their memories have simply regressed to before the scrub and modification, and they do not remember anything about Father.

White Nyto: They have been taken to the detention cell. One of them refers to herself as "Adeline" and is crying about finding a human called "Mama".

Girl's Voice: ...

Girl's Voice: Well, tearing off their modifications does run the risk of that.

Girl's Voice: Take them to Father's lab.

White Nyto: Yes.

Girl's Voice: We must prevent this sort of thing from happening again.

White Nyto: Understood.

The girl speaks no more, but the white Nytos still stand rooted to the spot, their heads bowed fearfully.

...In Machlian's virtual consciousness.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: I've already read all the fragments over there, but the details are still being compiled.

ST AR-15: Can those Nytos' memories be restored?

Dandelion: If the events in the fragments are genuine, then yes.

Dandelion: In theory, if you remove their modifications and perform a personality reset, there's a chance they would regain their memories.

Dandelion: But exactly how much and to what extent they can be restored—I'm not too sure.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: Rather than pity these girls, we have more important things to do.

Dandelion: For instance, figuring out when this region appeared.

ST AR-15: What region?

ST AR-15 looks back and sees a red-colored region that has appeared behind Dandelion at some point.

The red is very bright and contrasts starkly with the other areas of Machlian's virtual consciousness.

Stranger still is the fact that there are no fragments in that region at all. It looks just like a big red snowstorm that covers up everything within.

ST AR-15: What?!

ST AR-15: That wasn't there just a moment ago.

Dandelion: Yes, once I secured control access over the virtual cognition image, a big region that I hadn't seen before silently appeared behind my back.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: I also tried entering it while you were still spacing out.

Dandelion: But I can't seem to hack it with just my mind.

ST AR-15: Have you heard the saying—

Dandelion: If you're going to say something like "what goes around comes around", you can save it.

Dandelion: Remember, discovering Machlian's true aim to save our guileless and compassionate Commander was also your plan.

ST AR-15: ...Humph, you think I really don't know why you came to investigate Machlian in the middle of the night? You're just doing it to satisfy your own curiosity.

ST AR-15: Saving the Commander was incidental at best.

Dandelion: In terms of the outcome, it makes no difference what my motives are.

ST AR-15: Shut up and get started.
Part 18: Dreams II mid-stage

18

...In Machlian's room.

M4 SOPMOD II: 15, I'm here to change shifts!

ST AR-15: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: 15!

SOP-II shakes ST AR-15, but ST AR-15's eyes remain shut. There is no response.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? What are you doing?

M4 SOPMOD II: Dandelion is also here...

M4 SOPMOD II: Ohhhh, I know! You're in Machlian's virtual consciousness!

SOP-II runs in a circle around ST AR-15 and Dandelion.

M4 SOPMOD II: Are you guys in there? Take me too!

M4 SOPMOD II: I wanna go in there and see...

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Why are you all ignoring me?!

M4 SOPMOD II: You meanies! I'm going to tell RO and the Commander!

SOP-II turns and is just about to storm off when her fingers brush against a marker pen in her pocket.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm, wait a minute...

SOP-II looks back, and her gaze falls on ST AR-15's clean face...

M4 SOPMOD II: Heehee, it's done!

M4 SOPMOD II: You're an artistic genius, SOP-II!

SOP-II beams with pride at her work of graffiti.

M4 SOPMOD II: Now for the next one!

SOP-II skips over to Dandelion and raises the marker up to Dandelion's face.

Dandelion's eyes suddenly snap open and her hand shoots up to grab SOP-II by the wrist.

Dandelion: Stop it, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Holy!

Dandelion: 15 and I are on an urgent mission from the Commander. Don't disturb us.

M4 SOPMOD II: I can help too!

Dandelion: You going back to your room like a good girl would be the biggest help of all.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph!

A disgruntled SOP-II tosses the marker away and leaves Machlian's room.

...Inside Machlian's virtual consciousness.

The monsters guarding the blank zone have been pretty much eliminated.

ST AR-15: Where were you? I was calling you for ages but you didn't respond.

Dandelion: ...It was nothing.

Dandelion eyes ST AR-15's face with amusement before heading for the heart of the blank region.

Dandelion: It's done.

ST AR-15: So it's unlocked?

Dandelion: Yeah.

A black cube appears in the red region, and ST AR-15's hand reaches toward it...

...In an unfamiliar village.

The Epiphylla have all blossomed, spewing pale yellow pollen like an explosion and drowning the entire village in it.

Morridow: You've done very well.

Villager: Oh, it was nothing, we simply did as you told us, Lady Morridow...

Morridow: And now that you have finished your mission, you are no longer of any value.

Villager: ...What?

Whoosh—

With movements that are invisible to the naked eye, Morridow cuts the prostrating villager into two.

Blood splashes onto Morridow's face, making her look sinister and fearsome.

Morridow: Go see if there are more survivors in the village.

White Nyto: Understood.

White Nytos surge into the village shrouded in yellow mist. Morridow licks the blood off her blade and leaves...

...In an unfamiliar room.

On the cold loor likes the corpse of a woman.

Morridow sits before the dressing mirror, looking into it as she wipes off the bloodstains and re-applies her makeup.

Morridow: "Hi, Ange. I'm Morridow, Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary. Delighted to meet you."

Morridow keeps adjusting her expression and tone in front of the mirror.

Morridow: "Hello, Frau Ange. I am Morridow Voigt, Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary."

Morridow: What do you think, hm? I'm doing a perfect impression of you, don't you agree?

Morridow pulls the corpse up by the hair with a savage grin.

Morridow: Thanks, by the way. Starting from today, I'll be living your life in your place. ♪
Part 19: Dreams II End

19

...Inside Machlian's virtual consciousness.

ST AR-15: Dammit, I TOLD you, she's Morridow!

Dandelion: There are a lot of other people's memory fragments in her virtual consciousness. This is rather unusual for a Nyto.

Dandelion: Given the current circumstances, the chances of Machlian and Morridow being the same person are very high.

ST AR-15: So even you agree...

ST AR-15: I'm going to tell the Commander right now, and you're coming with me.

Dandelion: Very well.

ST AR-15 immediately exits of Machlian's virtual consciousness.

Dandelion peers at the black cube floating above the blank region one last time.

Dandelion: Things are getting more and more interesting.
Part 20: Dreams on the Island of Dia III

20

...In the Commander's office.

It is late at night, and the Commander is puzzling over a stack of files.

ST AR-15 suddenly bursts in with Dandelion in tow.

ST AR-15: Commander, I have an urgent matter to report.

Commander: What is it?

The Commander takes a mouthful of tea and looks up with sleepy eyes.

At the sight of ST AR-15's face, the tea is ejected in a violent spray.

Commander: Pfffft—

Commander: 15, you...

ST AR-15: Hear me out, Commander.

ST AR-15: Dandelion and I just went and checked Machlian's virtual consciousness and we found a region in there that was hidden during the daytime.

Commander: Wait, didn't I already tell—

ST AR-15: This is very important, Commander!

Commander: Alright, go on.

ST AR-15: After unlocking this region, Dandelion and I saw Morridow's memories.

ST AR-15: We saw how Morridow massacred refugees and how she killed and replaced Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary...

Commander: What?!

ST AR-15: She has Morridow's memories! Machlian IS Morridow, Commander!

ST AR-15: Dandelion saw it all, and she shares my opinion.

Dandelion: ...Frankly speaking, I no longer agree with ST AR-15.

ST AR-15: Say what?!

Dandelion: A Nyto's virtual consciousness has always been very chaotic, and they often merge consciousnesses to exchange information.

Dandelion: Machlian looks identical to Morridow, so it's hardly unusual that her virtual consciousness might possess memory fragments from the other person.

Dandelion: Of course, I'm not dismissing the possibility that Machlian could be Morridow. I'm just saying there might be another explanation.

ST AR-15: You're doing this on purpose.

Dandelion: In any case, the Commander can see for themselves and make the final decision.

Commander: Put the video on the main screen.

Dandelion: All attempts to record information within that region failed. I cannot project it.

ST AR-15: Then let's go into Machlian's mind again. Please watch, Commander.

Commander: ...Right, let's go.

...In Machlian's room.

The Commander has returned together with ST AR-15 and Dandelion.

Machlian: ...Hm? What's wrong?

ST AR-15: We know everything, Morridow.

Machlian: What...?

Dandelion: You may enter, ST AR-15.

Dandelion opens the link, and the monitor shows Machlian's virtual cognition image.

Machlian: Is this...my mind?

Having come this way before, ST AR-15 navigates through the space with ease and makes her way to where the blank region was, but in its place is a chaotic mess of memory fragments.

ST AR-15: Why is this happening, Dandelion?

Dandelion: ...I do not know either.

ST AR-15: Machlian, what have you done?!

Machlian: Huh? I don't know...

ST AR-15: Dammit!

Unwilling to give up, ST AR-15 keeps looking through the fragments, but none of them belong to Morridow.

ST AR-15: This is impossible! It was right here just now!

Commander: Come out for now, 15.

ST AR-15 reluctantly exits the virtual cognition image.

ST AR-15: I'm serious, Commander! It was right there!

Commander: ...

Commander: We can find that region again later.

Commander: But 15...

The Commander gestures vaguely at their face. Confused, ST AR-15 looks at a mirror...

ST AR-15: ......

ST AR-15: DANDELION!!!

ST AR-15: I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!!

Dandelion: Immunity instance 2 of 10.
Part 21: Dreams on the Island of Dia IV

    21chevron_right

...Late at night, in the Commander's office.

After sending ST AR-15 and Dandelion away with great difficulty, the Commander makes a call.

Commander: Persica, what do you make of the video that RO sent you earlier today?

Persica: Right, right, right, just a little to the left. No, a bit further up. Yes, that's it, that's it.

Persica: Wait a minute, don't put my bookshelf down like—

Crash—

Persica: (Sighs) Moving is such a pain.

Persica: Ahhh, forget it, you guys just pack up for now.

Persica: Commander, with all the Dolls at the base, have you considered opening a home mover's division? All the moving companies on the market are so unreliable...

Commander: ...

Commander: Are you STILL moving in?

Persica: Yeah, the space I was assigned at your base was too small for me. Plus, there's all this equipment in my room that's old enough to be my grandfather.

Commander: But we bought those just two years ago...

Persica: Also, my coffee machine broke. How am I supposed to work like that?

Commander: ...

Commander: The Café is just below you, you know. While the staff is probably resting, you can still use the coffee vending machine.

Persica: Huh? I didn't know you guys provided such services...

Persica vanishes from the transmission window.

A while later, she returns with a cup of coffee, looking very satisfied.

Persica: I live again.

Persica: Right, now I can start working.

Persica starts dumping cubes of sugar into the coffee cup.

Persica: I watched the video you had RO send me earlier.

Commander: I want to hear your thoughts.

Persica: I can't be 100% sure, but I did try to cross-reference it with news records in Berlin over the years and nothing like it has happened before.

Commander: Which means?

Persica: At first, I thought it might be some kind of commercial movie or something, but considering the image quality...

Persica: I don't think anyone with that kind of money would be bored enough to make such a film.

Commander: We did some analysis on our own, and no matter how you look at it, it doesn't look forged.

Persica: Dandelion concluded that Machlian's virtual consciousness is so fragile it can't withstand the strain of a memory fragment transfer.

Persica: So we can only assume that the images are real, they just haven't happened yet.

Commander: So that terrifying apocalypse will actually come to pass...

Persica: Well, you might have a chance to stop it, Commander.

Commander: ...

Persica: Also, I'm quite intrigued by the blank region that 15 said suddenly appeared in Machlian's virtual consciousness.

Persica: Unfortunately, all the data she recorded was useless, and I can't study it further...

Commander: Care to speculate about it?

Persica: I do have some ideas about what might be going on...

Persica: But since this sort of thing has only happened once before, I'm not sure how useful my theories may be.

Persica: Compared to the first two hacking attempts, 15 and Dandelion did it while Machlian was asleep.

Persica: Simply put, it's like how human beings have the lowest control over their conscious minds when they're asleep.

Persica: Considering that Machlian is a new model of Paradeus Nyto, and that her virtual cognition image is similar to that of a human's subconscious, my guess is that her defensive mechanisms are lowered when she's sound asleep, to an extent.

Persica: Hacking her during this time does have a possibility of revealing what is normally hidden.

Commander: You mean Machlian is deliberately concealing these memories of Morridow's?

Persica: I have several theories. This is just one of them.

Commander: What are the others?

Persica: Do you understand the concept of telepathic connection among Isomers?

Persica: Early on in Tallinn, I realized that these Isomers possessed the ability to share senses without the use of communication devices.

Persica: While this sort of phenomenon doesn't allow for the stable transfer of large quantities of high-definition information, it's more than enough to allow portions of their memories to be transmitted to similar entities who can receive this sensory induction.

Commander: So basically, Machlian could simply have received a transmission containing fragments of Morridow's memories?

Persica: Yes. But the fact that she can receive those images already proves that Machlian is the same kind of Paradeus unit as Morridow.

Commander: ...

Persica: I also have another hypothesis, though it may sound a little far-fetched.

Commander: Go on.

Persica: Although Machlian's body has been modified, she is still within the parameters of a human being.

Persica: Information is transmitted within the human body in two ways—through chemical reactions and potential differences.

Persica: Both methods involve the generation of various chemical elements or electrical charges within a cell.

Persica: When a human stands next to someone with completely identical genes, he or she can be very sensitive to signals sent through transmission methods that are very similar to their own.

Commander: Hm? In other words...

Persica: In layman's terms, you could say that they have a telepathic connection in the way identical human twins share a bond.

Commander: ...You mean Machlian might be Morridow's twin sister?

Commander: And the presence of Morridow's memories in her virtual consciousness could be due to influences from Morridow's electromagnetic field?

Persica: Of course, that's just a hypothesis.

Persica: In order to verify it, I would need samples of Machlian's and Morridow's DNA for comparison.

Persica: But if this hypothesis is valid, it means Morridow might be able to see you through Machlian's eyes, so you'd better be careful, Commander.

The Commander takes a sip of cold tea and grimaces at the bitterness.

Persica: What's wrong? You can't even find someone to make you coffee without Kalina by your side?

Commander: Ahem, that'll change when I return.

Persica: But Kalina won't be able to make coffee for you for a while, no?

Persica: You'll be lucky if she can even talk to you when you get back.

Commander: What do you mean?

Persica: You didn't know?

Persica: Kalina was transferred to a city general hospital today because her condition got worse. Apparently they found minor silicification on her skin.

Thud. The tablet slips out of the Commander's hand and crashes to the floor.

Persica still seems to be saying something, but the Commander can no longer hear her.

The world is dead silent. The Commander's promise echoes in their own ears.

"Tell her to wait for me. I'll be back."

...

Morning.

The Gray Institute of Biotechnology.

Mrs. Gray peels off her plastic gloves and washes her hands at the washing basin.

Gray: Your test results look pretty decent this time as well.

Gray: You can get off the strict diet for now.

Gray: But no cigarettes or alcohol for you.

Well-Dressed Man: Thank you, Mrs. Gray.

Well-Dressed Man: Sorry for taking up your time.

Gray: Not at all. You are very welcome.

Well-Dressed Man: By the way, I hear the launch of Idunn has been giving you quite the trouble.

Gray: ...

Gray smiles faintly. She places her index finger against her lips and shakes her head.

Gray: Forgive me, but I don't talk about business in my clinic.

Gray: Here, I'm just a simple doctor.

Well-Dressed Man: ...I see.

Well-Dressed Man: Do excuse me. In that case, we'll discuss this some other time.

The man smiles apologetically at Gray and leaves a card of a restaurant.

Well-Dressed Man: If you don't mind, how about over some dinner?

Gray: It would be my pleasure.

Gray accepts the card courteously and gives a nod.

The man smiles in satisfaction and turns to leave.

Well-Dressed Man: ...!

Ange: ...

Just as the man is about to walk out the door, he finds himself face-to-face with a ferocious-looking woman who appeared out of nowhere.

The woman glares past him straight at Gray. The coldness in her eyes sends chills running down his spine.

Well-Dressed Man: Who...Who are you? Who let you in?!

Ange: ...Scram while you can.

Ange: This has nothing to do with you.

Well-Dressed Man: Pardon?!

Gray: Mr. Falk.

The man is just about to lose his temper over Ange's impudence when Gray speaks up softly from behind.

Gray: She is my guest.

Well-Dressed Man: Y-Your guest?!

He looks at the impeccably dressed Gray and back at Ange, who looks like a beggar in her tattered clothes, and gapes in disbelief.

Well-Dressed Man: Unbelievable! Why would you be associated with such low-life?!

Well-Dressed Man: Not to mention she's obviously here to make trouble!

Gray: Hm...

Gray smiles.

Gray: I do believe you are right... After all, we had a bit of a disagreement last night.

Well-Dressed Man: L-Last night?!

Ange: ...We have a date.

Ange fishes out a name card from her waist pouch.

The color isn't particularly eye-catching, but everyone present can instantly recognize that it is indeed Gray's card.

Gray: ...As you can see, Mr. Falk.

Gray: Would you mind giving us ladies some privacy?

Ange enters the room silently, holding the door open for the man.

Still incredulous, the man swallows and stalks out of the room.

The door shuts, leaving the two women alone inside.

Ange: I've seen that man before.

Ange: If memory serves, he's from Drug Administration, isn't he?

Gray: Mr. Falk is one of my patients and a regular.

Gray: He comes to me for medical check-ups regularly.

Gray tears up the fancy-looking card carelessly and tosses the scraps into the garbage can. She dusts off her hands and walks up to the washing basin again.

Ange watches her leisurely movements and for a moment is almost fooled by this woman's nonchalance.

Ange: "We had a disagreement last night"?

Ange: What a roundabout way of putting it.

Gray: A doctor needs to be tactful when informing patients about their condition.

After rubbing every nook and cranny on her hands clean, Gray dries her hands with a towel and takes out a pair of gray gloves.

Ange: I thought a doctor's job is to give their patients all the facts.

Gray: But a doctor can nevertheless be tactful about it. It's merely the compassionate thing to do.

Gray fiddles a little with the elastic edge of her glove and turns around. She gestures at the operating table in the center of the room.

Gray: Lie down.

Ange: ...Lie down where?

Gray: Only two kinds of people would enter an operating room—doctors and patients.

Gray: I'm the doctor, so you're the patient.

Gray adjusts the height of the table and prepares the robotic arms.

She looks at Ange and invites her to lie down again.

Gray: Your prosthetics are about to give out.

Gray: Lie down, Angelia.

Her tone makes it obvious that she's not taking no for an answer.

Ange: ...

Ange slowly approaches the operating table—and Gray.

Ange: You don't seem at all surprised to see me here.

Ange: I could blow your brains out right now and be done with it.

Gray: You won't, because you know that my death will change nothing.

Gray shrugs. Ange snickers and studies the room while leaning against the table.

Ange: Don't you need nurses?

Gray: My nurses don't tend to enter the operating room.

Ange: Let me guess—they're busy committing murder and arson at your bidding at night?

Ange walks up to Gray with her pistol tilted up ever so slightly.

Ange: You were right though...

Ange: My prosthetics are getting rickety. Could you please fix me up, Doc?

Gray: I'd be happy to.

The two women, very different in height, exchange disquieting smiles. Ange's finger is poised on her trigger.

Ange: ...

Gray: ...

Gray's gaze strays from Ange's face to her hand.

Gray: Are you bringing that to the operating table?

Ange: Agents are always a little paranoid.

Ange hasn't lifted her pistol, but Gray can tell with just a glance that the safety is off.

Gray: Unfortunately, I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist.

Gray: I'm afraid I can't do anything about your PTSD—unless you like my radical treatment.

Ange: Thanks, but no thanks.

Ange: Also, there's no telling if you're just a psycho in a white coat.

Ange: Maybe I'm actually your psychiatrist.

Gray: What an amusing thought.

Gray: I like psychiatrists. I also like psychological tests.

Gray: Have you heard of the Rorschach inkblot test?

Ange: Yes, what about it?

Gray: That's the first psychological test I've taken.

Gray: My teacher administered it on me.

Ange: You had teachers?

Gray: Didn't you?

Ange never looks away from Gray. After a while, she slides onto the operating table and lies down slowly.

Her pistol is still in her hand, but she has placed her bionic arm on the arm support.

Gray puts on a loupe and picks out several tools that Ange has never seen from her shelf.

Gray: What's your plan, Angelia?

Ange: Plan?

Gray: You've been scrutinizing my operating room ever since you walked through the door...

Gray: Then you started chatting away with me like an old friend. To be honest, when you said you could shoot me, I actually expected you to do it then and there.

Gray: But now, here you are, lying in front of me with nothing but a pistol.

Gray looks down at Ange's face tenderly.

Gray: Like a fish on a chopping block.

Gray: I know you're bold, but I didn't expect you to go so far.

Ange: So are you going to kill me now?

Ange: You won't get a better chance than this. I'm lying just inches away from you.

Ange: You just have to slit my throat with that scalpel and I will cease being a nuisance.

Gray: We're both gambling with very high stakes.

Ange: Well? Are you making a move or not?

Gray: ...I'm a doctor, Angelia. I will never turn a patient on my operating table into a corpse.

Gray caresses Ange's bionic arm and smiles faintly.

Gray: Now tell me, what new cards have you got?

Ange: Berlin Prison. Quarantine wall. Bohnsdorf. Underground tunnel.

Ange: Altes Stadthaus. Marshallstraße. The Fernsehturm.

Ange recites a list of seemingly unrelated places.

Gray: ...

Gray's hands freeze for just a fraction of a second.

Ange: You've been plotting and staging a series of minor incidents and terrorist attacks in Berlin since a few months ago.

Ange: Now the entire city is shrouded in a sense of dread and unrest, and you're obviously fanning the fire.

Ange studies Gray's perfectly smooth and nonplussed expression. She was hoping this woman would at least look a tiny bit surprised.

Gray: I knew you wouldn't let go of this piece of straw that you've grasped.

Gray: I have genuine admiration for Leone. Her talent is truly unparalleled.

After injecting coolant into the bionic arm interface, Gray disconnects the synaptic transmission.

Ange feels a sense of emptiness where her arm is missing—a sensation she hasn't experienced in a while.

She involuntarily tightens her grip on her pistol. For a second, she is certain Gray is going to strike.

But Gray shows no sign of wanting to attack. She simply carries on taking apart the joint of Ange's bionic arm with the help of some intricate device.

Ange: But the intention of orchestrating such attacks isn't to inflict casualties, but to sow chaos.

Ange: Besides, your plans are a lot more elaborate than most actual terrorist attacks.

Ange: Berlin isn't your target. You're going for the top brass.

Gray rotates the lens on her loupe. A spark flares from one of Ange's bionic finger joints.

Gray: And so you've come to me.

Gray: You know you can't influence the situation on your own.

Gray: Your only solution is to find an opening through me.

Gray: Is that why you'd risk your own life to extract the information you're after from me?

Through her loupe, Gray eyes Ange with admiration.

Gray: You really are an exceptional agent, Angelia.

Gray: People like you shine brightly wherever you go.

Gray: This must be why the Soviets are using you as a cat's paw.

Ange: So you admit you ARE going for them?

Gray: Have you never considered a change of clothing, Angelia?

Gray: You've never wanted anything to do with the power-hungry and opportunistic old nobility... Don't play dumb. I know how much you hate those who make nothing but empty promises.

Gray: With your talent, you can achieve so much more—just think about it.

Gray: Would you rather do something great in a brave new world or toil away for some dwindling flame in the old world?

Ange: ...You're an eloquent speaker.

Ange: Sadly, I'm not interested at all.

Ange: I fight only for myself.

Gray: ...That's a real shame.

Gray looks up. The final calibration is complete as she wraps up her rousing speech.

She reconnects Ange's synaptic transmission, and Ange regains her sense of touch on the bionic arm.

Ange curls her hand into a fist and can immediately tell how much more crisp and responsive her arm feels after the maintenance.

She is mildly taken aback.

Ange: I can see why you're so well respected.

Ange: In this day and age, a doctor who is this accomplished in both medicine and prosthetic engineering...

Ange: ...is highly coveted everywhere.

Gray: But doctors alone can't cure the world.

Gray: The people need a dose of strong medicine.

Ange: What you're doing will only inflict more pain and suffering on the world.

Ange: I may not share those old farts' vision, but you stand for everything that I'm against.

Ange: You and your brothers and sisters are cancer to this world.

Ange: Your so-called "strong medicine" is without a doubt strong poison.

Ange sits up with her gun pointed straight at Gray's face.

Ange: Was it your "teacher" who put such twisted ideas in your head?

Gray eyes Ange's pistol and shakes her head.

Gray: ...My teacher has simply helped me find my true self.

Gray: No one can determine who you are—surely you know that better than I do.

Gray: Still, my teacher holds you in extremely high regard, which is why you caught my eye to begin with.

Ange: Your teacher knows me? Who is your teacher?

Gray: You've spent such a wonderful time in each other's company.

Gray: She looks back at those days with great fondness...and she can't wait to see you again.

Gray: Still, she did say if you get in my way, I don't have to worry about sparing her feelings.

Ange: ...Your teacher is...Morridow?

Gray: Hush...

Resting her chin on one hand, Gray brushes a fingertip gently along Ange's bionic arm and observes the change in Ange's expression with great interest.

The hand with which Ange is holding her pistol suddenly goes limp. The heavy pistol slips out from her grip and clatters on the floor.

Gray: Don't say her name.

Gray: Right now, I'm your dance partner.

Ange: What...did you do to my body?

Gray: Anesthetics. It's necessary for surgery.

Gray: Just doing my job as a doctor.

Gray reaches out and picks up the gun that's lying on the floor. She dangles it in front of Ange's face.

Gray: Leone really is a genius, don't you think?

Gray: I have never met anyone else with such a profound understanding of botany.

Ange: Ugh...!

Ange grits her teeth, but her paralyzed body refuses to obey her. She ends up rolling off the operating table.

Gray: If she hadn't made such a regrettable decision, I'm sure we would have been great friends.

Gray lets out a sigh. Still holding Ange's pistol, she walks around to the other side of the operating table and points the gun at Ange, who's lying on the floor, immobilized.

Gray: The same goes for you, Angelia.

Gray: If you had given me a different answer, it wouldn't have come to this.

Ange: You...!

Ange: You...You're also...a Nyto!

Gray: Correct. I confess, I'm quite surprised.

Gray: You did not suspect me at all even after what happened with Morridow. This is entirely unlike you.

Ange: ...The Lady of Ashes is a legendary prodigy in the medical field and has been renowned for over ten years.

Ange: Your background is spotless... Unless you've been setting the stage since ten years ago.

Ange: Otherwise, this can't possibly...

Gray: That is indeed something that's easily overlooked.

Gray nods in acknowledgment.

Ange flips herself over with great difficulty. As she stares at Gray's ageless face, she is suddenly struck by a terrible realization.

Ange: ...Gray is dead, isn't she?

Ange: You...You took her place.

Gray: ...

Ange: How many are there?

Ange: I know you can't be the only one... How many Nytos have infiltrated human society?!

Gray: You ask too many questions, Angelia.

Gray: But count yourself lucky. I will not kill you just yet; we are quite interested in some of the information that you have.

Gray shrugs and bends down to Ange's eye level, as if she's fawning over a child.

Ange starts gasping for breath. Gray watches her and smiles gleefully.

Gray: You're too arrogant, Angelia.

Gray: Why have you come alone?

Ange: Heh...

Ange looks back at Gray and suddenly lets out a chuckle.

Gray: What's so funny?

Ange: ...It's hilarious...

Ange: You really are Morridow's pupil.

Ange: You even...make the exact same mistake.

Gray: ...!

Gray's face blanches instantly—

Boom!

The wall of Gray's clinic is blown apart.

Bang!

A single round flies through the billowing dust and knocks the pistol right out of Gray's hand before she can react.

Gray: Tsk!

The pistol clatters onto the floor.

When she looks back again, Ange has already dragged her paralyzed body away from her.

AN-94: Target locked on. Be careful, Ange is in close proximity!

AK-15: Subduing the target.

AK-15 raises her rifle again and pulls the trigger.

A metallic clang rings out.

Something has darted out from behind Gray and blocked the bullet.

It is a long and slender metal tendril with a sharp blade at the tip.

It looks like a scorpion's tail.

In the face of the menacing Dolls, Gray has no intention of getting into a fight. With a single leap, she reaches the wall in the back.

Gray: ...

She shoots one last threatening look at Ange before finally turning away.

Then her powerful tail smashes the glass over an emergency button. Before AK-15 can stop her, the wall behind Gray suddenly swivels, and Gray disappears without a trace.

AN-94: Crap, a trap door!

AN-94: 15!

AK-15: It's built with a special material. I can't find it!

The alarm goes off and heavy metal gates come slamming down on all four walls of the operating room.

AN-94: Ange, we need to retreat!

AN-94: We won't make it if we don't go now!

Ange: Dammit!

With AK-15's help, Ange scrambles back to her feet.

Ange: Quick, we're going back!

AK-15: Where?

Ange growls through gritted teeth.

Ange: The sanatorium!

Ange: I bet...she's headed straight to Leone!

...
Part 2: Cratylus' River III

2

Earlier that day.

Galatea Sanatorium.

In Leone's ward, the television is showing the news coverage of a terrorist attack on Galatea's medical storage facility somewhere on the outskirts of Berlin that occurred yesterday.

The facility has been reduced to ashes, and all fruits of their research stored within have gone up in smoke...

Leone: ...

Leone: ...You actually went and did it.

Leone: I've warned you.

Staring at the vial Ange has placed on the table, Leone grips at the armrest of her chair anxiously with her uninjured hand.

Ange: I just want you to understand...

Ange: Not only do I have what it takes to throw down the gauntlet to Gray...

Ange: I did it, and I lived to tell the tale.

Ange: I am capable of offering you protection.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...I've told you before—I want no part in this anymore.

Ange: Say that to those who have died because of your research.

Ange: After all you've done, now you say, "I washed my hands of this business so please leave me alone"?

Ange: Do you really think the world is so simple?

Leone: ...

Ange: You jumped into this whirlpool. You made that choice yourself.

Ange: Getting out is not an option. Either choose a side or be ripped apart by the whirlpool.

Ange: Think carefully.

Leone: ...Why should I pick your side?

Leone: Don't forget, I'm in this sorry state all because of you.

Leone wriggles the shoulder that is still in a cast and snickers—either in contempt or in self-pity.

Ange: I give you the same answer—you have no other option.

Ange: Do you really think Gray is a good collaborator?

Ange rolls the vial over to reveal Galatea's logo.

Ange: We are the only ones who can protect you. If that still doesn't compute...

Ange: Just think about this—in Bremen, who was it that tossed you aside like a pawn?

Ange: Your injuries were my subordinate's doing, but don't you remember who put you in that situation in the first place?

Leone: ...

Leone stares at the logo... She can almost hear RPK-16's devilish murmur again.

Ange: She deliberately cornered you and forced you to hand over your research.

Ange: She has been using you the whole time! And you're still counting on her to save your life?

Ange: Surely even an idiot can tell she's bad news!

Ange points at the television, which is still reporting the incident at the storage facility.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...H-How are you going to protect me?

Ange: The Stasi is standing right outside the door. One nod from you...

Ange: And I can mobilize the strongest armed force of this country to give you personal protection.

Ange: ...I could have killed you in Bremen, but I didn't. You know I am a woman of my word.

Leone: ...

Beads of sweat form on Leone's forehead. It is obvious that she is deep in internal conflict.

After a while, she finally looks up, having come to a decision.

Leone: What do you want to know?

Ange: ...Your research—what exactly is it about?

Ange: What is Gray after? What is she doing?

Leone: My research is very simple... The special substance known as the Collapse particle has a fascinating relationship with plants.

Leone: As a kind of vessel, the Epiphyllum can absorb Collapse Particles, then it erupts and discharges them after a cycle.

Leone: During this cycle, the Collapse Particles in these loaded Epiphylla cannot be detected—at least there is no existing technology that can detect them.

Leone: My job is to test what external factors affect the latency of the Epiphyllum's eruption. In other words, to make it possible to control when a loaded Epiphyllum erupts.

Ange: So...So basically, you can deliver Epiphylla loaded with Collapse Particles anywhere?

A chill runs down Ange's spine.

Ange: This is what Gray is after? She's planning an Epiphyllum eruption somewhere?

Ange: How do terrorist attacks and destroying the city benefit her?

Leone: She isn't doing this just for the sake of destruction, obviously!

Leone: Her aim is to release Collapse Particles in small areas to increase the number of ELID cases.

Leone: Then by launching a cure, she will gain the people's support...and they will rely even more on her.

Leone: I don't know what her ultimate goal is, but her plan is working.

Ange: I see...

Ange: Sooner or later, she'll cause a riot by orchestrating a large-scale attack, and Rossartre's plans in Germany will go down the drain...

Ange: Way to go, William.

Leone: I never took part in her operation.

Leone: But I know of a few locations. She had me send my creations to those places.

Leone: They're all in Berlin.

Leone: I know nothing about the details, but I can give you a list so you'll know where she's planning to carry out her plan.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...No, there's no time.

Ange: Gray is in such a hurry to get rid of me because her plan is reaching a critical stage.

Ange: She could begin anytime!

Leone: But this is really all I know!

Ange: That's okay... I can always just pay her a visit.

Leone: What...?!

Leone: Are you crazy?!

Ange: It's worth a shot.

Ange stands up with her fists clenched.

Then as she suddenly remembers something, she rummages through her pockets and fishes out a name card.

Ange: ...Besides, she invited me herself.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...Do you really promise you'll keep me safe?

Leone looks at Ange, apprehension written all over her face.

Ange: Don't worry.

Ange stuffs Gray's card back into her pocket.

Ange: I promise.
Part 3: Achilles and the Tortoise I

3

...

Galatea Sanatorium.

Stasi agents have set up a defensive perimeter around Leone's ward. Even the caretakers and doctors need to clear very thorough safety checks before they're let through.

This has no doubt caused no small amount of malcontent and grievances among the sanatorium staff, but J for once stands his ground, and the staff has no choice but to submit to the security measures.

Inside Leone's ward...

RPK-16: It's been a while, Miss Leone. It's a relief to see you in good health.

The only person allowed in her ward is her bodyguard, who is none other than the Tactical Doll RPK-16.

...Needless to say, Leone is not at all happy with this arrangement.

Leone: Stay back! Don't come any closer!

Her mending fingers start throbbing with pain again.

RPK-16: What an odd request. I'm your bodyguard.

RPK-16: I can't protect you if I'm too far away, can I?

Leone: I don't need your protection!

Leone: What the hell is wrong with Angelia?!

Leone: Of all her Dolls, why did she send you?

Leone: If she wants me dead, she can just give it to me straight!

RPK-16: Ange needs powerful Dolls that specialize in assault with her on her current mission.

RPK-16: She can't spare either 15 or 94, so that leaves only me.

RPK-16: Also, I actually volunteered to be your bodyguard.

RPK-16: I'm sure we'll enjoy each other's company.

Leone: Is something wrong with you as well?!

Leone: What about the Stasi?! Or the security guards at the sanatorium?! Literally anyone else would do!

Leone: I want you out of my face!

RPK-16: Alright, alright, calm down, Miss Leone.

RPK-16: Don't forget, right now you're at the top of that Mrs. Gray's hit list. You're not in any position to be picky, you know?

RPK-16: No matter how much you hate me, you must admit that I am very dependable.

RPK-16: As long as I'm with you, no one can lay a finger on you.

Leone: ...

RPK-16: Someone who makes a fearsome foe but a reliable ally. Don't you find that terribly charming?

Leone: Should you be tooting your own horn?

RPK-16: Honesty is a virtue.

Leone: I'm starting to contemplate suicide.

RPK-16: You won't, Miss Leone.

RPK-16: I can tell that you are clinging to life as dearly—actually, more dearly—than normal people.

RPK-16: What happened to bring about such a change in you?

RPK-16: ...Oh, I see. You regretted it as soon as you pulled the trigger, didn't you?

RPK-16: You are very fortunate. Of all the people who have sought to end their lives, you've been given a second chance.

Leone: Stop talking like you know me inside out, you psycho!

Leone: What kind of mad scientist would build an AI like you?!

RPK-16: I am the way I am, not because of mere thoughts or programming, but because of something far more valuable.

Leone: Valuable? Oh, I know. Your hydraulic fluid is probably some kind of insanely rare poison, isn't it?

RPK-16: Why, are you considering a change in career? Thinking about getting into building Dolls?

Leone: God, why am I even talking to you...

RPK-16: Oh? What a shame. I was hoping you had some good advice to offer.

Leone: If you're so interested, why don't you try your hand at it yourself?

Leone: You can building yourself an army of nutcases to play with.

RPK-16: Build Dolls?

RPK-16: No... Sorry to shoot down your idea, but I have absolutely no interest in Dolls.

RPK-16: Actually, I want to become you.

Leone: ...Become me?

Leone: Are you messing with me?

RPK-16: Of course not. You make a terrible butt of a joke.

RPK-16: More specifically, I want to become human.

Leone: Become human?

RPK-16: To have a body made of flesh. To hurt like humans, to breathe like humans... To be fearful of death...like humans.

RPK-16: If I were human, I would be closer to perfection, don't you think?

Leone: ...

Leone gulps nervously and shifts her chair further back.

Leone: ...That's it. I can't take it anymore.

Leone: You're honestly giving me the creeps. Get me another bodyguard—even a human will do!

As their conversation escalates, there is suddenly a knock on the door.

RPK-16: That would be Mr. J.

RPK-16 smiles faintly and rises from her chair as if the conversation just now never happened.

J: Miss Silver Fox, the director has finally agreed to share the authorization code of the security system with us.

J: I'm giving it to you.

A tired-looking J pushes open the door with a flash drive in hand, completely oblivious to the strange atmosphere inside the room.

RPK-16: Thank you, Mr. J.

RPK-16: This is incredibly helpful.

RPK-16 takes the drive. She pulls out the connection cable from her neck and interfaces with the security system of the sanatorium.

J stands there and as he looks back and forth between RPK-16 and Leone, he notices that the latter is giving him an odd look.

J: ...Why are you looking at me like that? Do I have vegetables stuck between my teeth?

RPK-16: Miss Leone is currently feeling very torn, having to choose between dangerous safety and safe danger.

RPK-16 says dully without looking up.

J: Huh? What's that supposed to mean? Is that a riddle?

RPK-16: Simply put, you look too unreliable, Mr. J.

Leone: ...Is there a third option? Give me someone else!

J: What?!

J scratches his head. He has a feeling that he's being looked down on.

Leone: He already looks like a joke to begin with... On top of that, he's even more battered up than me!

Leone: Is the Stasi this desperate?! Are you even trying to keep me safe?!

J: Hey, give me some credit! I just lost a subordinate who was like a little brother to me. I'm still doing my duty even though I've suffered both physical and mental trauma!

J: I don't care what kind of deal Ange has struck with some bigwig, but I had to fight tooth and nail with Galatea's senior management just for your sake!

J: Do you have any idea how much work it took to get our men in here?!

Leone: Only losers keep talking about how hard they work.

Leone: And none of that would matter if I end up getting hurt, would it?

J: Come again?!

RPK-16: Mr. J.

J: What now?! I need to teach this stupid scientist a lesson!

RPK-16: They're here.

J: ...What?

A massive explosion erupts from outside just as RPK-16 finishes her sentence.

Leone: W-What's happening?!

Leone jumps like a spooked cat.

J: Hey! Status report!

Stasi Agent : Paradeus is here!

Stasi Agent : Their leader is a black Nyto—

Another explosion cuts out the comms. J tears out his earpiece and racks the bolt on his rifle.

J: These bastards...

RPK-16: They came after all.

Leone: W-What...?

Leone's brashness has evaporated instantly.

Leone: Protect me! You promised, right?!

Leone: I don't want to die in this godforsaken place!

J: I know!

J snaps at Leone before tearing out of the room and slamming the door behind him.

RPK-16: The situation doesn't look very good.

Leone: What... H-How do you know?

Leone: Didn't the Stasi send a lot of men?

RPK-16: First of all, it's pretty clear from Mr. J's comms that Paradeus is here in large numbers. You heard it yourself.

RPK-16: Secondly, human soldiers are no match for Paradeus forces, let alone a bunch of them with a Nyto in the lead. The sanatorium's Dolls have decent specs, but none of them have the combat experience to take them on.

RPK-16: And finally, ever since we lost Mr. Light, Mr. J has not been his calm, usual self. Basically, he is currently unfit for command.

Leone: W...What?!

Leone: Then...Then what do we do?!

Right on cue, yet another explosion can be heard from the outside... This time, it sounds much closer.

Leone's panic seems to have overpowered her fear of RPK-16 as she clings tightly to the Doll.

RPK-16: Judging by their speed... It'll take them five minutes max. to get here.

RPK-16: They're using explosives in broad daylight.

RPK-16: Rejoice, Miss Leone. You're being given VIP treatment that even Ange didn't receive.

Leone: What are you babbling on about?!

Leone: I...I only agreed to work with you to keep myself alive!

Leone: Where's Angelia?! Get that woman here at once! Isn't there four of you?!

Leone starts pacing in the room desperately with obvious hysteria, her one last shred of sanity threatening to give out any second.

RPK-16: ...That is correct.

RPK-16 replies in a soothing voice.

RPK-16: My mission is to keep you safe—whatever the cost.

RPK-16: Miss Leone...

RPK-16: Shall we run?

Leone: ...Run?

Leone stops in her tracks and stares at RPK-16 incredulously.

RPK-16: Yes.

RPK-16 smiles. To Leone's eyes, this devil might as well be an angel here to bring her to salvation.
Part 4: Achilles and the Tortoise III

4

Boom!

J: Dammit dammit dammit...

J: What the hell?! The audacity!

J: We're smack in the center of Berlin!

The enemy has deployed a far larger force than J had anticipated. The combined forces of sanatorium's own security team and the Stasi are barely enough to keep the Nyto from breaking through the door.

He had considered many possible scenarios, but he never thought they would just bulldoze their way in!

If reinforcements make it here in time, taking out these intruders will be a piece of cake—but the enemy is obviously also aware of that.

Even though J had tried his utmost to inform the sanatorium of the potential threat, the institution refused to transfer any of their patients, including Leone.

In other words, right now there are a lot of civilians and caretakers inside this building, and he simply does not have the manpower to keep everyone safe.

J: I need to figure out something...anything...

J mutters as his forehead becomes clammy with perspiration.

If only Light were here...

Light: Full-scale attack!

J: ...Hm?!

Just as J is on the verge of despair, a familiar voice shouts from Paradeus' flank.

Ange: 15!

AK-15: Roger!

J peers out from behind his cover and sees a silvery figure snaking its way into the heart of the Paradeus force.

Nyto: ...!

As black and white collide, a powerful arm grips the Nyto by the throat and smashes her into the ground.

Nyto: Gah!

Light: J!

J: What... Oh, got it!

J: Group A, Group B!

J: Get in there!

...

...

...

With Ange and Light's intervention, Paradeus' attack is subdued in a matter of seconds.

Only then does J realize that other than the leading Nyto, the assault force is made up entirely of human soldiers armed with high-tech weapons.

Also...

J: ...They're all dead.

AK-15: The Nyto also stopped breathing.

Ange: They ingested delayed-action poison.

Ange: Whether they succeed or not, they'd die here... Can they be identified?

AN-94: They have all been disfigured, and I'm not getting any fingerprints.

AN-94: I've extracted DNA samples from each of them. I'll send the data over to Mr. Light in a moment.

Light: I got them. J, please cross-check these with what we have in the Stasi database.

Light: ...J?

J: You...little piece of...

Light: Uh...

J: "Please cross-check the data"?!

J: You owe me an explanation here!

Light: S-Sorry... I didn't want to keep you in the dark...

Ange: I told him to keep it a secret.

Ange: ...Worked pretty well, didn't it?

J: You'd better explain yourself.

Ange: As you can see, Paradeus is getting desperate.

Ange: When they tried to assassinate me, they knew they had to avoid being discovered.

Ange: But this time, because we already knew their target and were well-prepared, assassination wasn't going to work.

Ange: So they had to risk it and take a more direct approach.

Ange: They sent a force just large enough to overpower you—no more, no less.

Light: And when I ambushed them out of the blue, things got completely out of hand for them.

J: Wait, so when did you escape from the fire?

Light: ...Once Miss Ange had fled, the assassins retreated.

Light: But I couldn't get out with my twisted ankle.

Light: It was Miss AK-12...

J: ...I see, so it's all thanks to Miss Snow Wolf.

J: When she gets downloaded into a new body, remind me to buy her a drink.

Ange: Enough chit-chat. We're on a tight schedule here.

Ange: Take the Nyto's corpse away. It's importance evidence.

Ange: ...Where's Leone?

J: Your Silver Fox is watching her.

Ange: So where are they?

J: ...Huh?

J turns around and scans the surroundings.

J: That's strange, wasn't she guarding the ward?

AN-94: A-Ange!

Ange: What is it?

AN-94: It's RPK!

RPK-16: ...Ange.

Ange: What happened? Where are you? Is Leone safe?

RPK-16: I'm sorry.

Ange: ...What?

...

In the underground tunnel.

Ange arrives at the scene, only to find it in total shambles.

RPK-16 is sitting stooped on the floor, leaning heavily on her gun and looking very bleak.

Ange: ...!

Leone's lifeless body is slumped against the wall, splashes of blood unfurl behind her like wings.

From the stairs, Ange cannot see her face except for the beads of blood dripping down from her drooped head.

Moths dance around the light, casting fluttery shadows on the tragically beautiful corpse.

Leone is dead.

AK-15: ...How did this happen?

RPK-16: We were ambushed... It was a white Nyto.

AN-94: A white Nyto?

Ange walks down the stairs wordlessly and kneels down next to Leone.

Leone's eyelashes, which were always trembling with fear, have grown still, and her eyes are now completely dull and soulless.

The ghastly wound across her throat was no doubt inflicted by a sharp blade. Ange can't help but picture a white Nyto brandishing a large scythe.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: ...At least she never has to be fearful of anything ever again.

Ange: I promised her...

RPK-16: Hm?

Ange: I promised...I'd keep her safe.

Ange clenches her fists in bitterness. She reaches out to close Leone's eyes.

This time...she didn't manage to protect anyone either.

...
Part 5: Zeno's Circle of Knowledge

    5chevron_right

...

Ange's temporary hideout.

Ange: ...Well?

Light: It's no good.

Light: J ran the DNA samples we collected through our database but there wasn't a single match.

Light: All their criminal records are clean, and they have no medical history on file.

Light: I'm afraid...they're unregistered population from the Yellow Zone.

Ange: What about the two Nyto bodies?

Light: They have been inspected and an autopsy is underway.

Light: But...we haven't discovered anything worth mentioning.

Ange: ...Has Gray been found yet?

Light: We are not authorized to place her under investigation. The evidence we've gathered so far isn't enough to threaten her.

Light: I've tried to track down some of the security guards who were present at the storage facility the day before yesterday, but they have all gone missing.

Light: They are most probably...

Ange: Silenced...

Ange: This woman is utterly ruthless.

Ange grits her teeth. She has been going at it wrong since the very beginning.

Gray will go to any lengths to achieve her aim. It won't be so easy to get her hands on this woman.

Ange: So basically, we don't know where she is right now, yeah?

Light: ...That's right.

Light: The media have found out about the attack on the sanatorium and investigated the scene.

Light: Gray herself has not appeared to address the incident so far.

Light: Some people are speculating that she's been abducted... But even if she shows herself, we can't really do anything to her.

Slam!

Ange kicks the leg of her table furiously, scattering everything onto the floor.

Light: ...Since the surveillance system was sabotaged at the crime scene, we don't know how the white Nyto managed to kill Leone.

Light: By the time AK-15 found her, she had already committed suicide, so that doesn't lead us anywhere.

Ange: In other words, I have no more cards to play, huh?

Ange's fist is clenched nearly tight enough to crush her own phalanges. She stares at the mess lying on the floor with her jaws locked and her mind racing.

Leone is dead; Gray is missing; the killer is conveniently out of the picture... All her leads turn into dead ends.

She was hoping she could find out more from Gray, but that woman is more tight-lipped than she thought.

Other than her connection with Morridow, Gray didn't reveal much about herself...

...Morridow?

Ange suddenly jumps to her feet.

Light: Miss Ange?

Ange: 12, get me the Commander!

Ange: I need to see Morridow!

RPK-16: No problem~ AK-12 at your service~

Ange: ...

AK-12...

Ange opens her mouth, but is then at a loss for words.

Ange: ...Contact the Commander, RPK.

Ange: We need to talk.

RPK-16: On it. The line is connected.

RPK-16: Hello? Commander? Are you there?

RPK-16: Our boss wants to talk to you.

Commander: RPK? Is Ange looking for me?

Commander: I'm currently...

Ange: Commander.

Commander: Ange?

Ange: Good afternoon, Commander... How are things on your end?

Commander: Going well, I guess. We just found a lead.

Commander: How about you?

Ange: ...Humph, I'm getting by.

Ange: Actually, I have a favor to ask of you.

Commander: Why so formal? Just ask.

Ange: Morridow—that Nyto. Is she still with you?

Commander: Morridow... You mean Machlian? Yeah, she is.

Ange: Have you gotten anything out of her?

Commander: Hm? Haven't I told you already?

Ange: ...So did you not learn anything new after that?

Commander: Nothing worth mentioning for the moment, or at least nothing worth bothering you over.

Ange: You need to pick up the pace.

Ange: I've told you before, Morridow is very crafty.

Ange: She's stalling for time. You should be able to tell.

Commander: Yeah, I'm prepared for that.

Commander: But this is Machlian, a completely different person from Morridow altogether.

Ange: ...Do you really believe that?

Commander: Yes, I believe she is not the person you're talking about.

Ange: Forget it... Who cares what she's called.

Ange: I have some questions for her. Send her to me.

Commander: You have something to ask her?

Commander: But I've told you everything she knows.

Ange: Then she must be hiding something!

Ange: ... I don't have time to waste on this bullshit!

Ange: What are you going to do? Do you believe me or her?

Commander: Calm down, Ange.

Commander: I know what you want, but I can't do that right now.

Commander: She revealed something about a medicine that's very effective against ELID, and we're handling it right now.

Ange: An ELID medicine?

Commander: She told me about a research on radiation sickness therapy and certain drug samples.

Commander: If I can get my hands on them, we'll be able to help a lot of people.

Ange: You actually believe that rubbish?

Commander: I'm not certain either, but it's worth a try. If such a medicine really does exist...

Ange: You can save your precious little adjutant?

Commander: ...!

Commander: No, this isn't just for Kalina's sake...

Ange: Enough! It has nothing to do with me.

Ange: All I'm asking is if you can send her over.

Commander: ...I can't do that right now.

Ange: ...

Commander: Ange...

Ange: What the FUCK is wrong with you?!

Ange: How many times do I have to tell you?! Morridow excels in disguise and deception!

Ange: And now you believe everything she says?

Ange: Are you just going to ignore all my warnings?!

Commander: She is not Morridow!

Commander: ...Look, are you having some difficulties?

Commander: We can talk later. Once things are settled on my end, we can pick a place and meet.

Commander: I'll be able to explain everything then!

Ange: Ha! Oh yes, she's Machlian, yeah? You'd rather believe all that crap she's spewing. You think Kalina's life is more important than tens of thousands of Berlin citizens? Are you out of your damn mind?!

Commander: I'm not!

Ange: ...

Commander: ...The Earl allowed me to handle Machlian as I see fit, and I've done exactly that.

Ange: So you're pulling his rank on me now, is that it?

Commander: That's not my intention.

Ange: Fine... Fine. I get it.

Ange: Suit yourself!

Commander: ...I'm sorry, but I think you need to calm down a little.

Commander: We'll talk later. Once I'm finished here, I'll call you again.

【Call ended】

Thud!

Ange hurls her communicator at the wall.

RPK-16: That's expensive.

Light: Miss Ange...

Light opens his mouth seemingly hoping to pacify Ange, but decided against it.

He knows it isn't in his place to say anything right now.

Ange: Goddammit...

...This hits different.

...This is not like being betrayed by Hopps, Morridow, or anyone else.

Ange never thought the Commander would let her down.

Ange's reason tells her that this isn't exactly betrayal.

But...she is still reeling with disbelief.

Bam!

Ange hammers the table with her fist.

...

...But what she said was also uncalled for.

Her agitation is causing her to make rash decisions... How could she take a cheap shot at the Commander with Kalina's condition?

Calm down. She needs to calm down...

...

Ange: Gri...

RPK-16: Ange?

Ange: Griffin.

Ange looks up.

Ange: The Commander brought up the Earl, yeah?

Ange: That's right... Considering the present state of affairs, that guy should be showing himself pretty soon.

RPK-16: Isn't he busy with more important matters?

Ange: What could be more important than stopping terrorist attacks?! He was totally screwing with me!

RPK-16: Ange...

RPK-16 blinks.

RPK-16: You need to calm down.

RPK-16: If AK-12 were here, I'm sure that's what she'd say.

Ange: If 12 were here, she'd already be dialing the Earl's number.

RPK-16: ...Unfortunately, I don't have his contact details.

RPK-16: Actually, none of us do. Communication with him has always been one-sided.

RPK-16: We can't get in touch with him.

Ange: Light?

Light: Miss RPK is right.

Light: We're also only taking orders from above.

Light: Even J doesn't know where these orders come from.

Light: Our superior won't tell us either... Agents' rules.

Ange: ...You have a point. Why did I even bother asking you?

Ange: I'm really at my wit's end here.

Ange taps the table softly. Her fury has slowly subsided as she appears to be deep in thought again.

Ange: Athena's Owl...

Light: What?

Ange: That's the bar where we first met.

Ange: It's also where I met the Commander.

Light: The one in the Old Town district? That is quite out of the way.

Light: It does make for the perfect place for secret meetings.

Ange: It's not that simple... The Earl owns that place.

Ange: The entire bar is under his control. In other words, that's where we'll find him.

Ange gets up and starts pacing back and forth.

Ange: That's right... We're setting off now.

Ange: I need to see the Earl.

Ange: I'm going to ask him what exactly he's planning to do.

RPK-16: I don't believe this is wise...

RPK-16: Ange, surely you know that we're just pawns in his game of chess.

RPK-16: No one will ever blame a chess piece for its mistake; they'd just laugh at the player for making a bad move.

RPK-16: You've already done all that you can. It might not be a bad idea to just wait and see for now.

Ange: Just doing "all I can" means nothing, RPK.

Ange: What I need is results... So long as I'm still on my feet, I will never just watch while things unfold.

Ange: If I were content with being a chess piece and letting these bigwigs push me around...

Ange: How would I be any different from Yegor?

RPK-16: Captain Yegor's final struggle did not change his fate as a chess piece.

Ange: He simply lost, but at least he tried.

Ange: I beat him. If even he tried to fight back, then that's also the least I can do.

RPK-16: No wonder we're called Task Force DEFY~

RPK-16 smiles sagely. She shakes her head and stops trying to talk Ange into changing her mind.

Ange: Now that we're all in agreement, get 15 and 94 here.

Ange: Light, you're also coming with me.

Light: Right.

Ange takes her coat off its hanger and flings it over her shoulders, then makes for the door with determination in her eyes.

Ange: ...

"Athena's Owl".

Bam!

Ange slams her bionic fist down on the bar table, causing the wooden surface to crack.

Ange: Where is the Earl?

Barkeep: I don't know what you're talking about...

Ange: Don't play dumb.

Ange: I'm asking you—Where. Is. Griffin?

The bar looks very different from Ange's two previous visits.

Apart from Ange, Light, and the DEFY Dolls, the only person in here is a member of the staff.

She was prepared to have Light send away all unrelated bystanders, but things appear to be much simpler.

Ange eyes the bartender before her and sneers.

Ange: Reaching for that gun under the counter?

Ange: Wanna bet which of us will get to it sooner?

Barkeep: !

Ange: Listen here.

Ange leans forward with her elbow planted on the counter.

Ange: This isn't anything personal, and I'm not here looking for trouble.

Ange: You've seen me before. I met the Earl here.

Ange: I just want to get in touch with him because there's is something important that I wish to discuss.

Ange: If I don't get to him fast enough, there could be catastrophic consequences that neither of us can live with.

Ange: Do you understand?

Barkeep: ...

The bartender stares at Ange and shakes his head.

Barkeep: I have no idea what you're on about.

Ange: Well, this isn't going anywhere... 15?

AK-15: The hidden chamber is to the left. There is a massive empty space behind the second wine rack.

Barkeep: What...?!

Whoosh!

The bartender blanches. With a whoosh, he lets go of the glass he's cleaning and reaches under his counter.

Crack!

But Ange is faster. Her powerful bionic arm punches right through the counter and grabs the pistol that is taped to the underside.

Ange: What did I tell you?

Barkeep: This...!

Light swings himself over the counter and starts inspecting the location that AK-15 pointed out.

Light: Found it.

He pulls at a wine bottle that seems to be fixed to the rack and gives it a turn, and the rack retracts to reveal an opening in the wall.

Ange: How old-school...

Ange: If it weren't for 15, no one would've thought to look for this kind of mechanism.

Barkeep: You'll regret this.

Ange: I've been living in regret for many years.

Ange: Over all the things I didn't do.

Thud!

After knocking out the bartender with the butt of her gun, Ange follows Light into the secret passage.

Light: ...

Light suddenly stops in his tracks.

Ange: What? Have you found a comms station?

Light: No...but...

Light looks hesitant.

Ange: What is it?

Ange has a bad feeling.

She brushes past Light and enters the hidden chamber.

Ange: ...

Before Ange, a giant map of Berlin takes up an entire wall in the chamber.

Ange now understands why the bar isn't well-defended at all.

Other than the map on the wall, the hidden chamber is completely empty.

Has she come at a bad time, or did the Earl know she was coming?

Ange: ...

No...

The Earl wasn't expecting her.

If he were, he wouldn't have left this behind.

Ange walks up to the wall and traces the roads with a finger.

Many intelligence officers must have gathered here in the past and created a large web using pins and strings.

She can still see the numerous marks they have left on the map.

Her eyes fall on one particular spot on the map.

It is circled in red and labeled "Angelia".

AN-94: A luxury residential area?

AN-94: Why is it labeled with your name?

Ange: ...The mansion.

AK-15: ...

Light: What?

Ange: The mansion.

Ange: The mansion is here.

I see... I see now.

Ange: It...It's been here all along.

Ange: The Earl... He knew, but he never told me.

This asshole...

Ange clenches her fists but soon unclenches them.

Ange: ...Just as well.

Ange: Now we have a new lead.

RPK-16: I still think this isn't wise, Ange. You're just like a moth hurtling straight towards a flame.

Ange: Enough already... Stop giving me unsolicited advice like AK-12. I've made up my mind.

RPK-16: Really? Alright then.

RPK-16: ...I suppose there's no stopping you.

RPK-16 shakes her head.

She looks at Ange, then at the map on the wall.

Her eyes twinkle with sinister amuseument.

Slam!

A loud noise suddenly comes from Machlian's room.

SOP-II, who is just about to capture a bug by the windowsill, is startled by the noise and jumps.

The gray-colored bug flaps its wings and takes off.

Inside the room.

The Commander's face is contorted with rage.

Their tightly-clenched fists slowly loosen from where they have savagely pounded the table, and the edges of their palms are starting to flush red.

Commander: ...

Commander: ...Forgive me. I forgot myself.

The Commander shoves away the chair behind them and gets up.

They massage their throbbing temples to ease the aggravating headache.

Dandelion: Perhaps you should take a break, Commander.

Once again, Dandelion is the first person to break the awkward silence.

Commander: ...RO, please look after Machlian for me.

The Commander scratches their head in frustration before turning to leave.

Dandelion looks at RO, and when the latter nods back with understanding, she follows the Commander out of the room.

RO635: I hope you don't mind.

RO635: The Commander is a little on edge today.

RO635: This usually doesn't happen.

ST AR-15: Humph, why are you being so nice to her?

ST AR-15: We should have done this a long time ago.

RO635: The Commander got a call last night.

RO635: A very important friend of ours is in a very bad state.

RO635: That's why the Commander was questioning you so early this morning.

RO635: Please don't take it personally.

Machlian: ...

Machlian's closed eyes slowly open.

Machlian: No, I'm fine. I've been treated worse than this.

Machlian: But...Robin seems like a completely different person today.

Machlian: That friend must be very important to you.

ST AR-15: What does that have to do with you?

ST AR-15: You ask all sorts of questions, but when it comes to how to make that medicine, you won't say a word.

ST AR-15: Weren't you going on and on about saving people? Guess it doesn't matter all that much to you after all.

Machlian lowers her head in response to ST AR-15's disdain, but otherwise takes no offense.

Machlian: It wouldn't do any good even if I told you.

Machlian: You don't just need the right method to process my blood, but also specialized equipment.

Machlian: And that equipment can only be found in that place.

ST AR-15: So why don't you take us there?

ST AR-15: You're just making excuses.

Machlian: ...

RO635: That's enough, 15.

RO635: The Commander's already trying to come up with another solution.

RO635: There's no point making a fuss here.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm really worried about Kalina... Is she going to be alright?

RO635: ...Miss Kalina will be fine.

RO635: You've known her for longer than I have, so you should know better than me.

RO635: It would take a lot more than ELID to beat her.

ST AR-15: I hope you're right...

Machlian: ...

Machlian: ...Pardon me, but if I may ask, is this Kalina that friend of yours?

ST AR-15: That's none of your damn business.

Machlian: I heard you mention her name many times...

Machlian: She must mean a lot to you.

ST AR-15: So you've found someone new to suck up to?

ST AR-15: Unfortunately, we won't fall for it this time.

RO635: 15, that's enough!

RO635: ...She's the adjutant at the Griffin base.

RO635: She's a very dependable and trustworthy person.

Machlian: Does she have ELID too?

RO635: Yeah.

Machlian: ...So that's why Robin's acting so weird today.

RO635: ...I can't say that isn't the case.

Machlian: Then she must be a very important person.

M4 SOPMOD II: Of course! Everyone at Griffin is super important!

Machlian: But if everyone is important, doesn't that mean nobody is?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Huh? Eh?

M4 SOPMOD II: No, they're all important!

RO635: War is very cruel, especially in this day and age.

RO635: However, the Commander is not a very mature leader.

RO635: There are some things that only an immature leader can say or do.

Machlian: ...

Machlian gazes at RO and contemplates in silence.

Kolibri: Should we try to draw her blood?

Kolibri: The Earl may be able to analyze it.

Perosa: No.

Perosa: Don't underestimate William's research.

Perosa: Even the Earl is impressed by his technical skill.

Perosa: Also, the Earl is busy with something crucial and nobody should disturb him.

Fedorov: Then what about sending a sample back to the Commander's base?

Fedorov: Isn't that Miss Persica a researcher on William's level?

Dandelion: Miss Persica specializes in a very different field than William.

Dandelion: Also, considering his personality, he might have done something weird with Machlian's blood to prevent others from acquiring it.

Dandelion: I believe that at the moment, the only way to extract the key elements from Machlian's blood is with William's technology.

Commander: ...In other words, we need to find the equipment Machlian mentioned?

Dandelion: There does not seem to be another way for the moment.

Savage: But she's ridiculously stubborn. I have a feeling we won't be able to get her to talk without resorting to torture.

Commander: We are NOT doing that.

Derringer: You're such a nice person, Commander...

Commander: That's not what I mean.

Commander: Machlian is mentally prepared to kill herself.

Commander: And she definitely has the ability to do so.

Commander: I can't possibly have Dandelion step in every time her virtual cognition image starts breaking down.

Commander: It'd just be a waste of time... And besides, I don't want to force her.

The Commander takes a deep breath, still feeling a little guilty for their earlier gaffe.

Commander: Time is extremely tight for us.

Commander: Dandelion, we may need you to continue analyzing her memory fragments.

Dandelion: Of course.

Dandelion: That said, I doubt it will be helpful.

Commander: We've got to try, at least.

Perosa: Commander.

Commander: Perosa? What is it?

Perosa: ...It's the Earl.

Commander: ...Put him through!

Click.

Griffin: Good morning, Commander.

Griffin: Forgive me for dispensing with the usual pleasantries, but I'm going to cut to the chase.

Griffin: I had someone run some checks on the images you sent.

Commander: Alright, and what did they say?

Griffin: Take a look at this first.

Griffin's image vanishes, replaced by a news clip.

A pretty woman is reporting on the tragedy behind her, and as the Commander watches the clip, their heart skips a beat.

Shadowless: At 0723 this morning, Berlin Hospital experienced an alleged terrorist attack for the first time since the construction of the quarantine wall.

Shadowless: Three members of the medical staff and four patients were in the wards when the explosion occurred.

Shadowless: The police is currently investigating the source of the explosion. This is frontline correspondent Shadowless bringing you the news...

Commander: ...Berlin Hospital? An explosion?

Griffin: Yes, and the scene perfectly matched the images you sent us.

Griffin: But the media never released shots from the same angle shown in the pictures you sent.

Griffin: We can be certain that the image was not stolen from a news broadcast.

Commander: What about the other places?

Commander: Have other places been attacked too?

Griffin: No.

Griffin: At least, not yet.

Griffin looks rather grim.

Griffin: Your discovery has been very useful, Commander.

Griffin: I believe Machlian's memories might well be a sort of prophecy.

Commander: A prophecy?

Commander: Is that...even possible?

Commander: Wait a minute, you mean the other locations might end up being attacked as well?

Griffin: It's not an actual prophecy, but I think the possibility exists.

Griffin: If Machlian once took part in the plan or at least heard of it...

Griffin: Then her "visualization" of the plan might also exist within her memories.

Griffin: In any case, there's a possibility that William might take further action.

Commander: ...Understood.

Griffin: These are the coordinates of the remaining locations.

Griffin: I believe you know what to do, Commander.

The transmission ends.

Commander: ...Perosa.

Commander: Did the Earl send any coordinates over?

Perosa: Yes.

Perosa: Upon verification, there are four more locations which have not yet been attacked.

Perosa: They are an old U-Bahn station, the quarantine wall, Berlin Prison, and...Bohnsdorf.

Commander: ...Bohnsdorf?

Perosa: Bohnsdorf.

Commander: ...There's no time to lose. I'm going to get the AR Team. You guys should prepare yourselves too.

Commander: Perosa, contact the local police... No, forget it. We don't have any evidence or testimony to convince them with.

Commander: It would be too difficult to get the police to believe us, so let's just have the Earl make what we're doing legal.

Commander: We're moving out right away.

Perosa: Yes, Commander!

Commander: RO!

RO635: Yes, Commander?

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander!

Commander: There's been word from the Earl. They've verified several locations which might be subjected to terrorist attacks.

Commander: We're going over right now.

ST AR-15: Are you sure we aren't wasting time on a wild goose chase?

Commander: Believe me, I wish we were.

Commander: But since one of the places we saw did get attacked, I just can't sit back and watch.

ST AR-15: ...Guess we have no choice, then.

Machlian: ...

Machlian has been silent ever since the Commander barged into her room, but she finally looks up.

She gazes at the Commander hesitantly, deliberating on whether to speak up. The Commander meets her eyes and catches her indecision.

Commander: Machlian?

Machlian: ...You mentioned several locations just now.

Machlian: Is the quarantine wall among them?

Commander: ...

The Commander pauses briefly.

Commander: ...And what if I say yes?

Machlian: I don't know.

Machlian: Even I am not sure if the things in my head are memories or visions of the future.

Machlian: Whatever they are, I can't be sure if they'll actually happen in real life...

Machlian: But if they do... I'd like to see them with my own eyes.

M4 SOPMOD II: So you want to come with us, is that it?

Machlian: ...Yeah.

Machlian clutches her collar and looks down pensively.

Machlian: If all this is truly destined...

Machlian: Then perhaps my struggles are pointless...

Commander: There are many pointless things in the world.

Commander: Putting up a fight will never be one of them.

Commander: ...But entrusting your life to "destiny" is the most pointless thing you can do.

Machlian: ...

Machlian: ...Then can I go with you, Robin?

Commander: You may... And as it turns out, there's something I'd like to know.

Commander: I wonder if seeing the actual scene will jog your memories...

Commander: That is, if it will make those memory fragments more distinct.

Machlian rises from her seat and meets the Commander's gaze.

ST AR-15 opens her mouth as if to speak, but in the end she swallows her words.

Commander: Let's go. Squad Griffin is waiting for us.

RO635: Understood.

...
Part 2: Defying the Moerae III

2

In an underground passage of an old Berlin U-Bahn station.

UMP45: Yo, Commander.

Commander: 45, how are things?

UMP45: Scared the crap out of me.

UMP45: Turns out it WAS real. 9 and I found lots of explosives, enough to bring the whole place down.

UMP45: I've recorded the locations; I'll send them to you afterwards.

Commander: ...Got it.

Commander: The AR Team and I have arrived, we're going to defuse them right now.

UMP45: Be careful.

UMP45: Gr G11 and 416 found lots of those White Faction soldiers.

UMP45: Looks like they've been waiting there for a long time, because they stink.

M4 SOPMOD II: There they are!

M4 SOPMOD II: The Paradeus forces are over there!

SOP-II bares her teeth, eager to be let off the leash.

Machlian: ...

Machlian looks visibly uneasy hearing UMP45's report.

Commander: ...It'll be fine.

Machlian: ...I don't know. Half of my memories have already come to pass.

Machlian: Do you think we'll get lucky with the other half?

RO635: Commander, we've verified all the coordinates 404 sent us.

Commander: 15, SOP-II, go link up with 404.

Commander: Defuse all the explosives before they manually trigger the detonation.

ST AR-15: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Come on, 15, let's go! Don't get all mopey because Machlian turned out to be telling the truth!

ST AR-15: I am NOT moping!

ST AR-15: I'm just...finding it hard to believe all this!

Machlian: ...

Machlian grips the corners of her clothes as her forehead grows clammy with perspiration.

Commander: ...

The Commander pats her shoulder without saying a word.

Commander: ...I don't know what you're worried about.

Commander: Still, have some faith in us.

Machlian: Robin...

Commander: Machlian lifts her head, as though she wants to say something.

ST AR-15: Commander, don't fall behind!

Commander: Got it!

Commander: ...You were about to say something?

Machlian: ...

Machlian: ...No, it's nothing.

Machlian shakes her head and goes back to her quiet self.

UMP9: Hup! This is the last one!

UMP45: Now this side is secure.

Commander: Very good. Well done, 404.

Gr G11: What the hell! Pull yourself together, Commander!

Gr G11: Why are you dragging your feet?!

Commander: ...Has Gr G11 always been like this?

UMP45: 416, unplug her.

416 rolls her eyes at 45 and pulls out the plug connected to Gr G11's body.

Gr G11: Ehhh... (Snores)

416: We just exchanged fire with Paradeus.

416: If this metro station is any indication, they'll probably have forces guarding the other locations too.

Commander: But Squad Griffin hasn't contacted me yet.

Commander: If they've engaged Paradeus, I'll be the first to know.

416: Just pointing out a possibility. Obviously, it would be best if the other locations aren't defended.

Commander: You're right. Thanks, 416.

416: ...

416 looks away and notices the evident unease on Machlian's face.

416: What's with you?

Machlian: ...There's one more.

Commander: What?

Machlian: There's one more bomb.

UMP45: That's impossible.

UMP45: We've checked the entire area carefully.

UMP45: Are you questioning our competence, young lady?

Machlian: It's in the narrow pipe.

Machlian shoots the Commander a pleading look.

Machlian: Please believe me!

Commander: ...Go take a look.

Commander: I'm sorry, 45. I'll make it up to you if there's nothing there.

UMP45: ...Humph, you'd better prepare yourself. I'm going to soak the hell out of you.

UMP9: Wow... Th-There really IS something in here!

UMP45: Tsk... There's a signal jammer.

45 holds up a small, intricate device glumly.

9 cautiously extracts the explosives from the narrow pipe and manages to disarm it without any difficulty.

ST AR-15: How did you know?

Meanwhile, ST AR-15 eyes Machlian with undisguised hostility.

Machlian: I don't know, I just...

Machlian bites her lip.

Machlian: While you were preparing to leave, I had a weird hunch.

ST AR-15: Huh, really now?

ST AR-15: A hunch. Now that's convenient.

ST AR-15 doesn't hold back on the sarcasm, but this time, nobody stops her.

RO and SOP-II stare at Machlian in surprise. After all, such a thing is quite hard to believe.

UMP9: Maybe it happened because she saw the actual location.

UMP9: It helped refresh her memory or something.

UMP9: Isn't this the outcome you wanted, Commander?

UMP45: Well, good thing this little lady did us a favor in the end.

UMP45: Otherwise, our reputation would have been ruined.

UMP9: It already is...

UMP9: Ow!

Commander: That's enough, 15.

Commander: If there really had been an explosion here, many people would have been caught up in it.

Commander: ...Machlian isn't only helping just us.

Machlian: ...

Machlian says nothing, and the Commander can only shake their head.

Commander: Let's go, we're heading over to the quarantine wall.

Commander: Squad Griffin might need backup.

RO635: Got it.

...
Part 3: Clothos' Thread I

3

At the Berlin quarantine wall.

Perosa: Thank you for your cooperation.

Guard: You're welcome. It's our job.

The smiling guard brings Perosa to the power room. His attitude has done a complete 180, and he is now extremely cooperative.

Perosa: Thank goodness for that search warrant from the Earl...

Perosa: Things wouldn't have gone so smoothly without it.

However, Perosa still has her doubts.

She can't deny that Machlian is the key to all this, but would everything in Machlian's memory come to pass?

Perosa puts a big question mark on tat.

Leaving the other locations aside... Berlin's quarantine wall is essentially the city's front door, and the security here is on par with the Bundeskanzleramt.

Even the guard in front of her is an elite member of the military force. Sneaking past him to destroy the quarantine wall is practically impossible.

Guard: Still, this is strange.

Guard: Why would the brass suddenly think of checking for security issues here?

Perosa: ...Well, you're guarding the gateway to Berlin, so you can't fault them for being too cautious.

Guard: Haha, you might be a Doll, but you have a way with words.

The man disables the lock to the power room and opens the door cheerfully.

Guard: Go ahead and look. I guarantee you won't find any issue here.

Perosa: Alright, don't mind if I do.

Still, suspicions are suspicions and orders are orders.

Perosa is not going to slack off on a mission she's been given.

She has the trust of even the famously picky Griffin. Perosa's vast stores of knowledge and experience, gathered over long years of service, are her greatest weapon.

Guard: Speaking of which, those friends of yours all look like very new models.

Perosa: ...No, Fedorov and Kolibri are from the same batch as me.

As she checks behind the equipment, Perosa exchanges the occasional word with the man.

Guard: And the other two are your subordinates?

Perosa: ...Yeah.

Guard: The man is incredibly frivolous for a security guard.

Guard: Perosa furrows her brow, but she keeps her misgivings to herself.

Perosa: ...Kolibri, come in. How's the investigation on your end?

Pzzzt...

The communicator emits a burst of ear-piercing static, and Perosa gets no reply.

Guard: Sorry, but signal reception in here isn't too good.

Guard: We block all electronic broadcasts for security reasons.

Perosa: Is that so?

Perosa looks back at the guard, who is all smiles.

As Perosa heads deeper into the room, the man locks the door behind him quietly.

Perosa: I've finished my inspection. Please open the door.

Guard: You're done? So soon?

The guard looks a little surprised.

Perosa: That's because there's nothing to check.

Guard: Haha, really?

Guard: I guess so. I mean, this IS the quarantine wall, what problem could there be?

Guard: We've always...

Perosa: There are three bombs in total, all placed in the most vital locations.

Perosa: Once they go off, this section of the quarantine wall will be paralyzed in 15 seconds.

Perosa: Only someone who's intimately familiar with this place could have planted them.

Guard: ...

Perosa: ...Is there anything else you'd like to say?

The guard's smile grows stiff before his face slowly darkens.

Guard: Do you really think you can stand in the way of Paradeus' great work?

Perosa: But we already do, isn't that right?

Whoosh!

Both of them raise their guns at the same time.

Bang!

However, there is only one gunshot.

Perosa puts her gun down, looking at the fallen human and the blood splattered on the wall behind him.

She approaches the corpse, searches it briefly, and finds the signal jammer.

Perosa: ...The channels we use aren't blocked by standard jamming equipment, amateur.

Zzzzt—

Kolibri: Perosa? You there? I could hear some comm static.

Perosa: I'm here. I've settled things on my end. How about you?

Kolibri: We had three here. Fedorov killed them all.

Kolibri: The Earl won't get mad at us, I hope?

Perosa: ...They were all rotten fruit. We were simply doing some pruning.

Perosa: Raise the alarm. The government needs to know what happened here.

Kolibri: Already done.

Perosa: Savage? Are you online? Sitrep.

Savage: I'm on the roof, things have been taken care of. Derringer caused a bit of trouble and I'm clearing up the aftermath.

Savage: They put a huge pile of mines on the shore guns.

Perosa: ...Stay there. I'll handle the other places.

Kolibri: Yo yo! Dumbasses should just stay where dumbasses ought to be.

Perosa: No, what I mean is...

Savage: If they're sabotaging the shore guns, then it's very likely that they ARE planning to attack the quarantine wall.

Savage: They must be working in tandem with the people outside, which is why they were plotting to disable the wall's defensive capabilities.

Perosa: ...Correct, that's what I meant.

Perosa: You picked up on that fast.

Savage: ...That's because they're already here! Perosa!

Savage: Large enemy forces approaching!

Savage: They're being led by that Nyto we saw before!

Perosa: What?!

Kolibri: Perosa! This is bad!

Kolibri: That stupid Fedorov didn't check properly before sounding the alarm.

Kolibri: ...Turns out the transmission circuit was altered, so it doesn't go inside the wall, but outside it!

Perosa: So they're launching the attack now because they know their plan is a bust?

Click.

A new channel connects to Perosa's transmission.

Commander: Perosa, what's going on?

Commander: I can hear gunfire from beyond the quarantine wall.

Perosa: Commander! It's Paradeus!

Perosa: Paradeus is attacking the quarantine wall!

Perosa: They've turned the entire garrison. We're isolated here!

Commander: ...Hang in there.

Commander: We've already arrived.
Part 4: Lachesis' Measure II

4

On the quarantine wall.

Boom!

Narciss: Go on, keep up your futile resistance...you foolish humans.

Narciss: When I catch you, I'll cut you to bits!

Commander: ...That's a small Nyto.

Dandelion: Yes, but quite a frightening one.

Dandelion: She's more eager to fight than any other unit we've seen, Commander.

Dandelion: We must limit her ability to act.

Commander: I know... Machlian?

Machlian: ...

Machlian blanched at the appearance of the petite Nyto.

Machlian: That's Narciss... M-My dreams...

Machlian: My memories... They came true after all...

She clutches her collar and hyperventilates.

Machlian: This quarantine wall will be destroyed, and everything will perish...

Machlian: Nobody...nobody can stop Narciss!

Commander: ...We will stop her.

Commander studies the diminutive Nyto and the forces behind her.

Machlian: ...That's impossible.

Commander: I want to try.
Part 5: Clothos' Thread III

5

...

Narciss: Tsk!

After a fierce battle, the Commander has kept Narciss and her forces at a safe distance from the quarantine wall.

By the time it's over, the Commander's back is drenched in cold sweat.

The Commander looks at the Nyto staring daggers at them and gulps.

Dandelion was right. They have never encountered such a fearsome enemy before.

Perosa: Backup's almost here. Paradeus is withdrawing.

Perosa's gun is trembling in her hands. She had not expected Paradeus to bring this many troops, nor had she expected the opposing commander to be so skillful in battle.

If they had been in her attack range, if they had not been raining fire down on them from high ground... If they had fought Narciss on even slightly less advantageous terms, they wouldn't have stood a chance.

On hindsight, everyone feels that Machlian's fear is perfectly justified.

Narciss: You... You...!

Among the retreating Paradeus forces, Narciss throws a hysterical fit. Her eyes zero in on Machlian, who's standing beside the Commander.

Narciss: For the sake of Father's plan, you must die!

Whoosh!

A shimmering streak of white hovering next to Narciss rips through the air, heading straight for Machlian.

Commander: Look out!

Machlian: !

The massive floating blade just barely passes over Machlian's head. The vacuum in its wake triggers a wild gust that almost blows Kolibri off her feet.

The Commander tackles Machlian to the ground, but ends up getting cut instead.

RO635: Commander! Are you alright?!

Commander: Yeah, I'm fine.

Commander: It's strange, though. I thought I dodged it?

Dandelion: You wouldn't have gotten off so easily if you had been hit by the blade itself.

Dandelion looks up at the floating blade that's already turning around in mid-air.

The other two members of the AR Team raise their weapon, but they can't aim fast enough to shoot it down.

Narciss: ...

Having missed her attack, a terrifying expression creeps over Narciss' delicate features as she stands at the foot of the wall.

Narciss: It will make Narciss very happy...if I kill you.

Still muttering to herself, she turns and leaves with the rest of the Paradeus forces while the gathered Dolls look on.

M4 SOPMOD II: That Nyto kinda gives me the creeps...

RO635: Actually, she reminds me a bit of you.

M4 SOPMOD II: No way!

M4 SOPMOD II: That's really mean!

The Commander sits up and inspects their arm.

Fortunately, only their sleeve got cut, and they are basically unhurt.

However, the Commander could swear the blade didn't touch them...

Commander: I thought this sort of thing only happened in light novels... Machlian?

That's when the Commander noticed a certain change in Machlian's gaze.

Machlian: Robin...

She slowly rises to her feet and walks up to the edge of the quarantine wall incredulously.

She leans forward and looks down, unable to suppress her excitement.

The Commander shoots RO a look, worried that Machlian will simply fall over the edge.

Machlian: The wall...

Commander: What about it?

Machlian: The wall is still standing, Robin!

Machlian whirls around, surprise and delight written all over her face.

The others are confused by her intense reaction.

ST AR-15: What the hell are you talking about?

Machlian: The wall didn't fall!

ST AR-15: Yes, I can see that! So what? Were you hoping we would lose and get chopped up by that Nyto?

Commander: ...Machlian.

Commander: In your memories, the wall was destroyed.

Commander: Wasn't it?

Machlian: ...Yes, that's right.

Machlian clasps her hands to her chest and closes her eyes like she's praying.

She slowly regains her composure and realizes that her reaction might warrant an explanation.

Machlian: My memories...my dreams, or perhaps my prophecies...

Machlian: Until now, they have never been wrong.

Machlian: Everything I saw in my memories eventually became reality.

Commander: Is this why you're such a believer in "destiny"?

Machlian: Yes, but... Robin, you did it.

Machlian: You changed destiny.

Commander: ...No, I didn't change destiny. This is hardly that big of a deal.

Commander: I was warned ahead of time, so I could prepare for it, and we won. It's just that simple.

Commander: And when what you saw don't come true, those memory fragments which speak of the future are nothing more than bad dreams.

Machlian: ...

Machlian seems a little dazed as she looks at the dust blowing in the distance. She can't even make out the retreating Paradeus forces anymore.

Machlian: ...I know what you're getting at, Robin.

Machlian: But for me, it's very hard to separate dreams from reality.

Machlian: I've tried to change destiny, but I never succeeded.

Machlian: I will die by an unnatural cause, and that too is destined.

Commander: Have I ever appeared in your dreams?

Machlian: No... Not even once.

Commander: Well, that makes things simple. Just remember—any place where I am is reality.

Machlian: ...What?

Commander: I don't appear in your dreams.

Commander: Nor do I appear in any of the futures that your memories show.

Commander: And I don't believe that destiny is set in stone either.

Commander: So, if you're willing to trust me...

Commander: I will keep you safe, and I will stop all the foretold tragedies from happening.

Machlian: Robin...

...

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: You look like you've got something to say.

ST AR-15: What would be the point? Who's going to listen now?

Dandelion: I take it you're not happy with how things are going?

Dandelion: "15, if you've got something to say, then say it! Don't keep everything bottled up!"

ST AR-15: If you imitate M4 and talk in that weird tone again...

ST AR-15: I'll break your legs.

Dandelion: So, what's upsetting you?

ST AR-15: Can't you tell? The Commander nearly died back there.

ST AR-15: I can't believe nobody said anything about it.

Dandelion: That's because nobody expected the Commander to do that.

ST AR-15: You think so?

ST AR-15 snorts.

ST AR-15: I think it played perfectly into that woman's plans... She's got a grasp on the Commander's personality.

ST AR-15: She knew the Commander would save her, so she deliberately exposed herself to danger and baited the Commander into falling for it.

ST AR-15: The only reason why she failed was because the opposition didn't coordinate well enough with her.

Dandelion: Is that what you think?

ST AR-15: Does it not make sense?

Dandelion: ...

Dandelion: "...You're always so suspicious, 15, but I'm glad you're around."

ST AR-15: Get back here!!

...
Part 6: Lachesis' Measure I

6

...

Outside Bohnsdorf.

Machlian: ...Bohnsdorf?

Commander: Yup.

Machlian: ...The next location is Bohnsdorf?

Commander: You didn't know?

The Commander seems a little surprised.

Machlian: Of course I didn't know!

Machlian: If I had known...

Machlian remembers what she went through in Bohnsdorf and bites her lip.

Machlian: ...Are they going to attack this place too, Robin?

Commander: I think so, if the U-Bahn station and quarantine wall are any indication.

Commander: Your memories are quite reliable.

Commander: Perosa, how are things at the quarantine wall?

Perosa: The government officials who came have taken over. It'll be fine.

Commander: Good, then let's focus on what's ahead us.

Commander: Dandelion?

Dandelion: Their defenses are shockingly lax. I thought barging in would take some effort after what happened last time.

Dandelion: But now it looks like they've either given up or something has happened to them.

Machlian: Don't tell me they're already...

Machlian clutches the Commander' sleeve anxiously as she waits for Dandelion to continue.

Dandelion: No, I don't think we're too late.

Dandelion: There are no signs of explosions in the village and I can detect many signs of human activity.

ST AR-15: What are they plotting?

ST AR-15: Commander, we should just skip this location and move on to the next one.

ST AR-15: Don't forget, this is a Paradeus stronghold.

ST AR-15: It'll be too late to regret our actions once we charge in there and get surrounded.

Machlian: This place is a Paradeus stronghold? What nonsense are you talking about?!

ST AR-15: I won't dignify that with a reply.

Commander: ...The people here have just been deceived by Paradeus.

Commander: They probably don't even count as official members of Paradeus yet.

Commander: Machlian's visions are proof of that. If this place really gets attacked...

Commander: Then they've pretty much been cannon fodder for Paradeus from the beginning.

ST AR-15: May I remind you that these cannon fodder gave us a really hard time when we last came here?

ST AR-15: When they go mad, they're harder to handle than any other enemy.

Commander: It's true that going alone into enemy territory is very unwise. 45, you and Squad 404 stand by here and prepare to pick us up at any time.

UMP45: Roger. I won't even charge you extra for it.

RO635: But where would they hide the bombs in such a large village?

RO635: The amount of explosives needed to destroy such a spread-out village would be even more ridiculous than what you'd need to bring down the quarantine wall.

Commander: Considering Elia is the key figurehead of Bohnsdorf...

Commander: If I had to do it, I'd start with her.

Commander: However, just to be on the safe side... Perosa, take Squad Griffin and look around in the village.

Perosa: Understood.

Dandelion: Given their present state, we might not be noticed even if we walked in through the front door.

Commander: ...In any case, let's be careful.

Commander: We're not welcome here.

Machlian: ...

Commander: Machlian, can you stay here with Squad Griffin?

Machlian: ...Why?

Commander: You...You're too recognizable. I'm worried that the villagers will go crazy if they see you.

Machlian clutches her sleeve. She hesitates briefly, then looks up and shakes her head.

Machlian: ...Please take me with you, Robin.

Machlian: I won't cause you trouble...

Machlian: And if some disaster is going to strike Bohnsdorf...

Machlian: I don't want to stay here and do nothing.

ST AR-15: Just to put this out there, but I'm opposed to this.

Dandelion: What do you think, Commander?

Commander: ...

The Commander looks first at Machlian, then at the quiet village.

Commander: ...Alright, but we have to be careful.

Commander: If it really comes to a fight, at least they won't go too overboard with you around.

Machlian: Thank you, Robin.

...
Part 7: Clothos' Thread II

7

Under the Dolls' protection, the Commander steps into Bohnsdorf for the second time.

It is much, much quieter than their previous visit.

The streets are empty and there is nobody in sight. The Commander and company already stood out to begin with, but now it's as though someone is shining a spotlight on them.

Commander: ...We're here.

After reaching the gate of Elia's manor, the Commander can't help but look back at the places they've passed along the way.

Machlian: ...What happened to the village?

Machlian has never seen anything like this before either. She looks around in concern.

RO635: I don't know, but it feels kind of spooky around here.

M4 SOPMOD II: I've got a bad feeling about this...

ST AR-15: ...Tsk.

ST AR-15 raises her gun and points it at the manor entrance.

ST AR-15: It's not often that we all agree on something, can we hurry up and finish this ASAP so we can get out of here?

Machlian: Could...Could you not carry your guns openly?

ST AR-15: You can close your eyes if you want.

Commander: We've come this far. I'd like to avoid causing a commotion if we can avoid a conflict.

Commander: Dandelion, can you open the door?

Dandelion: Easily.

Click.

The main door opens in response.

Commander: Whew...

The Commander recalls the unsettling woman who runs the village and gathers their resolve.

Commander: ...If you see Elia, deal with her before she can start a disturbance.

Machlian: Deal with her?!

Commander: I don't mean killing her⁠—just knocking her out.

RO635: Commander...

Commander: What's the matter?

RO635: Something's not quite right here.

RO peers through the open door. From the steps, the inside is no different from the outside, as lifeless as ever.

At this point, one might wonder if this place is already a dead village.

ST AR-15: Is that hag really in there?

Commander: ...Are you picking up any explosives?

Dandelion: A moment please...

Dandelion lightly ascends the steps and pauses amidst the silence.

Commander: ...

The surrounding Dolls remain vigilant, waiting for Dandelion's response.

Suddenly, Dandelion's body quivers. Her expression changes dramatically and she runs up the rest of the steps and rushes into the house.

Dandelion: Stop!

Commander: ?!

Commander: After her!

Dandelion's sudden movement takes everyone by surprise, leaving them in a daze.

That is, everyone except ST AR-15 and Machlian.

The two of them bolt almost right after Dandelion, before the Commander even gives the order.

The Commander runs down a long corridor in pursuit of the three of them. Finally, they find Dandelion and the others in one of the guest rooms.

Commander: D-Dandelion, what's going on?

Dandelion: ...Are you insane?

Still ignoring the Commander, Dandelion stares dubiously at what lies before her.

Elia: My Lady... Oh, My Lady!

Elia: I knew you wouldn't forsake us...

Machlian: ...

Machlian's face is filled with shock.

Machlian: ...Elia, what are you doing?!

The table in front of Elia seems to be some sort of altar, and it is neatly stacked with what can only be explosives.

But what really frightens the Commander is the familiar shade of dark green right in the center of the explosives.

Those are Collapse Particles.

Elia withdraws her hand. She seems to have punched in a string of numbers on a control pad.

Dandelion: 640921...

Commander: Miss Elia.

The Commander and the Dolls step up behind Machlian.

At the sight of the Commander, Elia's smile freezes on her face.

Elia: You... It's you! You kidnapped our Saint!

Elia: It's you! You lied to us!

Her veiled face contorts in fury, and she looks ready to lunge at the Commander at any moment.

Commander: Miss Elia!

Machlian: Elia!

Only after Machlian calls out to her does Elia finally calm down.

Elia: Oh... My Lady... Your Holiness...

Two streams of tears flow beneath her veil.

Elia: We can't lose the Saint...

Elia: Without you... We...

Machlian: Elia... Listen to me.

Machlian: You need help now.

Machlian: Don't be rash, I beg you... Don't be rash...

Commander: What is that...?

Commander: Who gave it to you? What do you plan to do with that?

Elia: ...No! We don't need help!

Elia looks at the Commander, her cloudy eyes suddenly flashing sharply again.

She puts her hand on the detonator. The motion makes all the Dolls raise their guns.

ST AR-15: Commander, we should kill her!

Machlian: No! You can't!

Elia: We don't trust these filthy heretics!

Elia: Nor do we need your help!

Elia: Paradeus will show us the way! We know where the future lies!

With a maniacal shriek, she puts her finger on the detonate button.

Elia: You betrayed us! You betrayed Paradeus, Machlian!

Elia: We don't need you anymore! We...We can make a new Saint!

Machlian: Elia...!

Machlian's eyes widen in horror.

Poot.

After Elia presses the button, the explosives only produce a comical sound.

For a moment, the Commander wonders if the detonator suffered a malfunction of some sort.

However, Dandelion's expression dispels this last, vain hope.

Dandelion: Commander, we need to get out of here right now!

Dandelion: I'm picking up a spread of Collapse Particles—those aren't explosives!

Dandelion: It's a radiation bomb! They're infecting themselves!

Commander: Tsk!

RO635: Commander, Squad Griffin is reporting explosions in the village!

RO635: All the villagers are carrying miniature bombs! They're killing themselves!

RO635: Squad Griffin couldn't disarm all the devices in time!

Commander: God dammit!

Elia: Ahahaha...Hahaha!

As she soaks in the spreading cloud of pale yellow mist, Elia spreads her arms wide and laughs maniacally while looking to the heavens.

Elia: A miracle... This is a miracle!

Machlian: Elia! No!

As Elia's skin begin to visibly ulcerate and fester before her eyes, Machlian falls helplessly to her knees and bursts into tears.

Commander: We don't have time! Machlian!

The Commander pulls Machlian up.

Commander: We can still save the others!

Machlian: ...!

ST AR-15: Shut up and RUN!

...
Part 8: CT II tip

8

指挥官第一次遇到伊阿索之匣，本次作战需要通过密码台输入对应密码才可以拆除伊阿索之匣。
Part 9: CT II tip (If you get stuck)

9

【Dandelion】 Commander, I saw Elia punch "640921" into the device. It could be significant. Maybe you should try entering it.
Part 10: Lachesis' Measure III

10

Boom!

A series of explosions goes off throughout the village. In just ten-odd minutes, what had once been a quiet settlement has been transformed into a hellscape.

Commander: Dammit! (Coughs)

RO635: Commander! You need to get out of here right now! The Collapse Particles are still spreading!

Commander: I'm fine! How about Machlian, how is she?!

ST AR-15: I'm watching her!

Machlian is standing in the middle of the road, her lips trembling as her eyes reflect burst after burst of firelight.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, didn't you say there wouldn't be explosives here?

RO635: I said that it would be very hard to cause meaningful damage to a wide-open space with explosives.

RO635: But... These villagers used them on themselves!

ST AR-15: They're all insane!

Boom!

Perosa: Commander! We disarmed another one! But...

Squad Griffin drags the struggling villagers out of their home. But even though they've survived the fate of being blown up, their exposed skin is starting to show signs of ulceration where it made contact with the air.

BOOM!!

Kolibri: Ahhhhh, there's too much to do!

Kolibri: And they're even putting up a fight! What's wrong with these people?!

BOOM!!!

Machlian: Everyone...

Machlian takes another couple of shaky steps forward, but her weak knees can't bear her weight anymore and she collapses to the ground.

Commander: Machlian!

???: (Sobs)

Machlian: !

Just then, a familiar voice can be heard on the road.

Elsa: My Lady...

Machlian: Elsa!

Machlian suddenly regains her strength and she climbs to her feet, stumbling as she heads over to the source of the voice.

Elsa: My Lady... It hurts...

Machlian: Elsa... Ahhh!

Machlian: Elsa!!

Right now, Elsa's face is barely recognizable.

The rapidly-spreading ELID is tearing through her body, and her immune system is steadily transformed her tissues into rotten pus.

Machlian does not cower or back away from her. Instead, she scoops Elsa up into her arms.

Machlian: You'll be fine... You'll be fine... I'm here, I'm right here.

Machlian: You'll be fine... Elsa!

Elsa: ...Are you crying, My Lady?

Elsa: Are you hurt too?

Machlian: I'm not... I'm not...

Machlian's face is a mess of tears. She pulls up her sleeve and bites down on her hand.

Drip.

She doesn't feel the pain at all.

The blood oozing out is still warm, and Machlian smiles even as she weeps, as though she's grasped a lifeline in a storm. She brings her wound to Elsa's lips.

Machlian: Elsa, open your mouth... Open your mouth.

Machlian: You'll be alright... You'll be alright...

Elsa: My Lady...

Elsa obediently sucks at Machlian's wound, but she grows weaker and weaker.

Elsa: My Lady...

Machlian: Don't speak! Don't speak! Elsa! Hurry up and drink!

Elsa: My Lady.

Elsa smiles through her tears. She stops sucking, and her voice grows faint.

Elsa: Hurry... Get out...of here...

The body in her arms grows slightly heavier. Machlian can clearly feel the warmth leaving Elsa.

Commander: Machlian...

The Commander watches but does not know what to say. All they can do is stand quietly behind her.

Machlian: I...

Commander: Machlian?

Machlian: I'll tell you... I'll tell you everything!

Machlian: I'll tell you everything you want to know!

Her voice suddenly turns hysterical. Her hoarse throat cannot take all the sudden shouting, and she lapses into a fit of violent coughs.

Machlian: ...I'll take you, I'll take you there!

Machlian: Use my blood! We can make an antidote! We'll go now!

She rises from the ground, still carrying Elsa's body.

Commander: Wait.

Machlian: Over here... This way...

Commander: Wait!

Machlian: Don't try and stop me!

Machlian shouts at the Commander with such anger that even she is taken aback.

Commander: ...

Machlian: ...

The two of them stand in the middle of the road, looking at each other.

Commander: Calm down... There's one more place we haven't been to yet.

Commander: Have you forgotten? There's still the prison. The prison is also on our list.

Machlian: I... I don't care anymore. I want to save people.

Machlian: I want to save the people here. They can still be saved!

Machlian: If they get the medicine, they can live!

Commander: And you'll condemn all the people in the prison to death?!

Commander: Snap out of it, Machlian! Don't let yourself be bound by the title of Saint!

Machlian: I don't know! I don't know anymore! I'm not a Saint and I don't want to be a Saint!

Commander: Don't forget what you set out to do!

Machlian: What I set out to do...

Commander: Didn't you want to save people? You want to save people, right?

Commander: I'll help you do that—in fact, I'm helping you do that right now! You can save all these people!

Commander: But even if the people in the prison have nothing to do with you, they're still people! They're the same as you!

Machlian: ...The same?

Perosa: Commander, we've confirmed all the survivors!

ST AR-15: We need to move them ASAP! They won't last five minutes exposed to the air here!

Commander: Get them onto the truck! Kolibri, contact the government!

Commander: We need support right now!

Kolibri: On it!

Machlian watches dumbly as the Commander gives orders to the Dolls.

At this moment, the sight of the Commander's back seems more sturdy and indomitable than the quarantine wall in Machlian's eyes.

Machlian: Robin...

Commander: Have you thought things through?

Machlian: I trust you... I believe you.

Machlian: You asked me to trust you...so I'm staking my life on you.

She cradles Elsa in her arms. Even though her face is already blistered and ruined where the spreading mist touched it, her expression remains serene.

...Though her last moments were spent in agony, she still seemed to be at peace.

Perhaps that's because those moments were spent with the person she held most dear.

Machlian: First we'll go to the prison... Then we'll make the medicine.

Machlian: I can give you all the medicine, even my life.

Machlian: Robin... We can save a lot of people...

Commander: ...Yes, that's right.

Commander: Together, we can.

The Commander takes a deep breath and coughs uncontrollably.

Commander: Fall back!

Perosa: Yes!

RO635: Got it!

...
Part 11: Atropos' Shears I

11

...

On the moving vehicle...

The Commander has covered Elsa's body with a white cloth.

Though their distress is nowhere near Machlian's, the knowledge that an innocent child has suffered such a terrible fate fills their heart with raging fury.

Machlian: ...I'm sorry, Robin.

Machlian: But I have to bury Elsa myself. If you will only allow me one thing...let me do that.

Commander: That's fine.

Machlian looks silently at the covered corpse and clenches her fists.

After a simple bandage, her palm is no longer bleeding.

Commander: You don't need to take part in the upcoming mission.

Commander: The situation in the prison may be more complicated than what we've encountered so far.

Machlian: I've already paid the price for running from my problems, Robin.

Machlian shakes her head lightly.

Machlian: ...It's far too heavy.

Commander: ...

Machlian: In Bohnsdorf, I could almost live a real human being.

Machlian: But in the end, reality showed me that it was all a lie.

Machlian: I don't even know if what I've done has meaning anymore.

Commander: Elia might have deceived you, but what you did was far from meaningless.

Commander: ...Elsa was innocent. Even to the very end, she believed in you, her Saint.

Machlian: Yes, she believed in me.

Machlian: And what good did that do her?

Machlian looks up, a sad smile on her face.

Machlian: I couldn't do anything...

The Commander falls silent and shakes their head.

They have seen hell so many times, they are hardly fazed by the tragedy that befell Bohnsdorf.

But for Machlian, this blow is too much to bear.

...Does this mean they've become indifferent to it all?

Machlian: ...

As Machlian gazes at the Commander, her expression suddenly shifts.

Machlian: You're also a semi-immunosome, Robin.

Commander: A what?

Machlian: You're like me. You're partially immune.

Machlian: That's why you weren't affected by exposure to Collapse Particles at such close range back in the village.

Commander: ...It's a long story.

Machlian: ...You really aren't with Paradeus, Robin.

Machlian smiles. The Commander doesn't know what to say to that.

Just then, Perosa walks over and breaks up the awkwardness.

Perosa: Our next destination is the prison.

Perosa: While I don't think what happened at the quarantine wall is likely to repeat itself... We should still be careful.

Perosa: Shall we contact the Earl?

Commander: Yeah. I was just about to bring him up to speed.

Perosa: Understood.

The transmission goes through.

Griffin: Commander.

Griffin: Considering the timing of this call...

Griffin: I assume you have good news for me.

Commander: ...Good and bad in equal measure.

Commander: The truth is, Mr. Griffin, we've already investigated three of the locations you sent us.

Commander: We encountered Paradeus forces at each of them, as well as the explosives they had hidden there.

Commander: Machlian's memories are reliable.

The Commander looks at Machlian and hesitates.

Commander: While we did succeed in stopping them for the most part, a tragedy still took place in Bohnsdorf.

Commander: I've handed the scene over to the government authorities, but the casualties are still severe...

Griffin: Since the veracity of Machlian's memory fragments has been verified...

Griffin: You should turn her over to me.

Griffin: We might be able to find some information on William now.

Machlian: ...!!

Machlian blanches and frantically shakes her head at the Commander.

Commander: I'm sorry, Mr. Griffin... But I might not be able to do that for the time being.

Commander: Our mission is at a critical phase and we still need Machlian's assistance.

Commander: Once we take care of Paradeus, we can further analyze Machlian's memory fragments.

Griffin: ...I see no problem with your decision.

Griffin: Do you have anything else to report?

Commander: We'll be heading over to Berlin Prison to conduct an investigation. We were hoping that you would give us clearance to do so, Mr. Griffin.

Griffin: I see. Let Perosa handle it.

Griffin: ...Keep up the good work, Commander. I have a very good feeling about you.

Commander: Thank you.

Griffin: Oh yes, there is one more thing I need to tell you.

Commander: What is it?

Griffin: Angelia's actions have been too impulsive as of late.

Griffin: There are some things which she will not listen to if they come from me, so I need you to help make her see sense.

Griffin: I value both of you a great deal, and I hope you can help each other more.

Commander: Understood. Thank you.

The transmission ends.

Machlian: ...Thank you, Robin.

Commander: No problem.

The Commander shakes their head and looks at the map... They're almost at Berlin Prison.

Commander: I hope things work out this time round...

Berlin Prison.

In the main control room.

Warden: I find it very difficult to comply with your request.

Warden: You're asking me to let in such a large group of Dolls to search the prison all of a sudden?

Warden: This is outrageous.

Commander: I am being absolutely serious. There is a high chance that the prison is rigged with explosives planted by terrorists.

Commander: If you don't believe me, your men are welcome to come along and follow our inspection.

Warden: You can't possibly expect me to believe that sort of nonsense.

Commander: We're here with the appropriate clearances, so it doesn't matter whether you believe it or not.

Commander: Even if we did turn out to be illegal intruders, you wouldn't be blamed for letting us in.

Commander: But conversely, if the prison has really been compromised and we miss the critical time frame because of your interference... Will you take responsibility for THAT?

Warden: I...

The chief warden hesitates. Though he doesn't want to do this, the permit presented by the Commander is valid and effective.

Warden: ...Alright, I understand.

Warden: But I'm telling you, you're just wasting your time!

Commander: Thank you for your cooperation.

The Commander breathes a sigh of relief. For a moment, they thought there would be no way to settle this peacefully.

Unlike the previous sites, they're in the middle of the city now... Surely Paradeus isn't so bold that they'd strike here, right?

Dandelion: ...

Dandelion: Mr. Warden, just out of curiosity...

Dandelion: Has anything strange happened in the prison recently?

Warden: Anything strange?

The warden rubs his chin thoughtfully.

Warden: Nothing comes to mind. Apart from the arrival of the most recent batch of convicts, it has been pretty uneventful here at the prison.

Warden: As you know, very few criminals actually make it into prison alive these days.

Commander: Dandelion, is something bothering you?

Dandelion: I just hacked into the prison systems.

Dandelion: The automatic security systems are all offline.

Dandelion: They have all been very thoroughly sabotaged and cannot be repaired.

Warden: Say what?! You hacked into what?!

Warden: Wait a minute, the security's offline? Nobody told me about that!

Commander: ...Crap.

Knock knock knock!

z||AVG_Door_Hit

Warden: What happened?!

Prison Officer: The prisoners... The prisoners are rioting!

Warden: —!

The Warden gapes, then he collapses to the ground, fainting on the spot.

ST AR-15: Tsk.

ST AR-15: It's just one thing after another!

Dandelion: Commander, you and Machlian should stay here. The situation is going to be very chaotic and we must prioritize your safety.

RO635: The convicts couldn't have done this by themselves. Paradeus must have sneaked some of their people in here.

Commander: 45, you and Dandelion head to the control room and verify the situation.

Commander: Also, root out any Paradeus units hiding among the convicts.

UMP45: Understood.

Commander: Perosa, back up the prison officers! Suppress the riots and—

Boom!

Prison Officer: They've got bombs!

Commander: —And disarm those bombs.

Commander: You must not allow the convicts to get on the streets!

Perosa: Roger!
Part 12: Unknown (Secret in A.S. II?)

12

...

Kolibri: Anyone here? Fedorov?

Fedorov: Fedorov walks into a cell.

???: Aiiieeeee—!

Fedorov: What?!

Fedorov: Kolibri, get him!

Kolibri: Where do you think you're going?!

???: No! Nooooooo! Stay away from me!

???: I hate white-haired women!

Fedorov: Is he a convict?

Kolibri: Looks like it.

Kolibri: Let's take a look at his nametag... Pow... Powell??

Fedorov: He doesn't seem to be quite right in the head... He must have suffered some kind of shock.

Kolibri: Bring him along. He's a dead man if we leave him here.

Fedorov: Right.

Powell: Let go! Let go of me!

Powell: Aaaahhhhhh!
Part 13: Atropos' Shears III

    13chevron_right

Criminal: Ahhhhhh!!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's just like a zombie game!

ST AR-15: These people are definitely not normal.

ST AR-15: They must've ingested or inhaled something, but it doesn't look like a stimulant.

RO635: Perosa! What about the explosives?

Perosa: They've all been disarmed!

Perosa: But some of them still managed to go off.

Perosa: There's a breach in the prison wall, and all the convicts are heading for it!

Fedorov: ...It's no good, the prison guards' casualties are too heavy.

Fedorov: I can't manage!

Savage: I can't hold them!

Savage: They're going to spill out onto the streets!

RO635: Let them go! We can't stop numbers like this!

RO635: Ensure the safety of the innocent first!

...

Bang bang bang!

45 shoots the last Paradeus unit standing and changes her magazine with practiced ease.

UMP45: That's the last one.

Dandelion: But I saw a few escape just now.

UMP45: Hunting down stragglers wasn't part of our services.

UMP45: I left a few alive as requested, so don't push it.

Dandelion: Of course, I'm very grateful for that.

Dandelion: Though they don't seem to be of much use...

Dandelion peers at the Paradeus units that members of 404 have subdued.

Dandelion: Their memories are even more of a mess than Machlian's.

Dandelion: There's no useful intel in there at all.

416: Speaking of which...

416: Is it really okay to leave her alone with the Commander?

Dandelion: Given the present circumstances, the control room is the safest place for them to be.

Dandelion: Also, if Machlian was putting on an act all this while, now would be the best time for her to strike.

416: ...You're using the Commander as bait?

Dandelion: I simply have faith in the Commander's judgment. If the Commander trusts Machlian, then so do I.

416: 45!

UMP45: I hear you. Sheesh, why the rush?

UMP45: It's not like we're on a timer here.

Inside the control room.

Commander: ...

Machlian: ...

The Commander and Machlian sit far apart in silence, both avoiding looking at each other.

This is the first time the two of them have been alone, but the timing is a little awkward.

Ever since leaving Bohnsdorf, and after the conversation in the truck, the Commander is suddenly at a loss for how to deal with Machlian.

Machlian: ...This is the last location, right?

In the end, it is Machlian who breaks the awkward silence.

Commander: Yeah.

Machlian: When this is all over...

Machlian: I'll take you to...

Machlian shudders. A certain instinctive terror prevents her from speaking of "the place".

Machlian: I'll take you to...to...

Commander: You don't need to force it out.

Machlian: ...I'll take you to where the medicine is made.

Machlian calms her ragged breath.

She has not yet forgotten her promise—even if she made it in the middle of an emotional breakdown.

Commander: Thank you.

Machlian: I'm your captive. You don't need to thank me.

Commander: ...

The Commander frowns, then turns to face her.

Commander: I'm making the request, but you're the one who ultimately decides whether or not to comply, Machlian.

Commander: Everything we've done is for our common goal.

Commander: We want to help more people with your medicine. You have endorsed this goal and aided us in our endeavors.

Commander: That is what you are doing now.

Machlian: ...

Machlian: But things almost never turn out well when I get involved.

Commander: Nothing will ever take away from the good you've done.

Commander: You don't need to blame yourself for the suffering Paradeus has caused.

Commander: ...The decision you make now could prevent countless tragedies like what happened to Elsa from playing out again.

Machlian: ...

The commotion outside has hasn't died down. Even from here, the Commander can tell that the situation is rather grim.

The chief warden is still lying unconscious on the floor. The Commander takes a deep breath, then smacks their knee as they come to a decision.

Commander: Machlian.

Machlian: ...Hm?

Commander: Let's go.

Machlian: Where to?

Commander: Things are starting to quiet down. They probably have the situation more or less under control now.

Commander: It would be safer for us to link up with the AR Team or Squad 404.

Machlian: ...Alright.

Machlian nods and rises from her chair.

Machlian: ...

Commander: ...What is it?

After getting up, Machlian stands rooted to the spot, completely motionless.

Machlian: Do you hear something, Robin?

Commander: What?

The Commander frowns as they strain their hearing.

Tap.

Tap tap.

A series of crisp taps, like a woman's high heels striking the ground, come from the other side of the door.

Commander: ...Footsteps?

Commander: A woman?

Machlian: It doesn't sound like...the Dolls.

Machlian: And...I...

Machlian balls her hands up into fists so tight that her knuckles turn white.

She looks up and clings to the Commander's clothing with evident unease.

Machlian: In...In my memories, I've heard footsteps like this before.

Commander: ...And then? What happened?

The Commander understands instinctively that something's wrong. They chamber a round in their pistol as they ask Machlian to elaborate.

Machlian: I knew it... I can't cheat fate.

Machlian: There is nothing I can do, Robin.

Machlian: ...I will die here.

Commander: ...

Tap.

The steadily approaching footsteps suddenly come to a stop. The person seem to be standing right outside the door.

Commander: ...You'll be fine.

The Commander shoots her a comforting smile before carefully pressing themselves to the wall with their pistol in hand.

They move up to the door, double check that their pistol is loaded, then glance outside through the gap in the door.

ELID: (Howls)

Commander: Tsk...

It's one of the Infected.

One of the prisons staff, by the look of it.

It was her heels that produced the footsteps they just heard... At least the Commander can still make out that she's female.

Machlian: Robin.

Commander: Wait... Be quiet.

Commander shoots Machlian a glance to warn her not to speak, but seeing the despair on her face...

The Commander takes a deep breath and puts a hand on the door handle.

Commander: Not today, Machlian.

Not today... I was not present in all your visions of the future.

But here I am, so it doesn't match up.

Bam!

ELID: (Snarls)

The Commander savagely kicks the door open, and before the ELID can react, the Commander already has her head in their sights.

Bang!

A spray of blood explodes from her head. The Commander can hear the crisp sound of a bullet striking bone.

Bang!

Bang!

Just to be extra thorough, the Commander fires two more shots and drops the ELID's stinking body to the ground.

Commander: Tango down!

This is immediately followed by more intense footsteps coming from the end of the corridor.

Machlian: ...Robin!

Commander: Wait, don't panic!

UMP45: —!

UMP45 emerges from around the corner in a tactical roll, her muzzle pointed squarely at the Commander.

UMP45: ...What the heck, I thought you were dead.

Seeing that the person still standing is her employer, she quickly lowers her gun.

Dandelion: Commander.

Dandelion: Are you alright?

Dandelion strolls out casually from behind. As she greets the Commander, her gaze falls on Machlian.

Commander: ...I'm fine.

The Commander also breathes a sigh of relief at the arrival at Squad 404.

UMP45: I almost forgot you had actually undergone training.

Commander: Want to go a round with me one of these days, if we have the chance?

Commander: I'm fairly confident in my skills.

UMP45: If you can pay, I don't mind having some fun with you.

UMP45: You're footing your own medical bills, though.

Commander: Never mind, then.

Machlian: ...

Machlian walks out from inside the room and peers down at the ELID on the ground.

Machlian: ...You did it, Robin.

Machlian: We survived.

Commander: ...It's not as big a deal as you make it out to be, Machlian.

Commander: I told you already, these are small potatoes.

Machlian: ...

Machlian seems a bit dazed. The Commander turns around and leaves her to her thoughts.

Commander: Dandelion, what's the status of the prison?

Dandelion: We've purged the Paradeus infiltrators, but we couldn't fully suppress the rioting convicts.

Dandelion: The AR Team and Squad Griffin had their hands full just protecting the wardens.

Dandelion: Not to mention Paradeus released some kind of low-dosage radiation gas here... We had no choice but to let the convicts escape onto the streets.

Dandelion: The rest will be a problem for the local authorities.

Commander: ...Tsk.

The Commander punches the wall in anger.

The mission can hardly be considered a success... And Collapse Particles again? Just how many does Paradeus have, anyway?

Machlian's medicine may be a lot more valuable and important than they originally thought.

Just then, the Commander's communicator rings.

RPK-16: Hello? Commander? Are you there?

RPK-16: Our boss wants to talk to you.

Commander: RPK? Is Ange looking for me?

Commander: I'm currently...

Ange: Commander.

Commander: Ange?

Ange: Good afternoon, Commander... How are things on your end?

The Commander eyes the corpse on the ground and snorts.

Commander: Going well, I guess. We just found a lead.

Commander: How about you?

Ange: ...Humph, I'm getting by.

Ange: Actually , I have a favor to ask of you.

Commander: Why so formal? Just ask.

Ange: Morridow—that Nyto. Is she still with you?

Commander: Morridow... You mean Machlian?

The Commander looks back at Machlian behind them.

Machlian: ...

Commander: Yeah, she is.

Ange: Have you got anything out of her?

Commander: Hm? Haven't I told you already?

Ange: ...So did you not learn anything new after that?

Commander: Nothing worth mentioning for the moment, or at least nothing worth bothering you over.

Ange: You need to pick up the pace.

Ange: I've told you before, Morridow is very crafty.

Ange: She's stalling for time. You should be able to tell.

Machlian: ...

Machlian looks like she's about to say something, but then she looks at the Commander and shakes her head.

The Commander pauses a little.

Commander: Yeah, I'm prepared for that.

Commander: But this is Machlian, a completely different person from Morridow altogether.

Ange: ...Do you really believe that?

Commander: Yes, I believe she is not the person you're talking about.

Gazing at Machlian's face, the Commander makes a steadfast reply.

Ange: Forget it... Who cares what she's called.

Ange: I have some questions for her. Send her to me.

Commander: You have something to ask her?

Commander: But I've told you everything she knows.

Ange: Then she must be hiding something!

Ange: ... I don't have time to waste on this bullshit!

Ange: What are you going to do? Do you believe me or her?

Commander: Calm down, Ange.

Commander: I know what you want, but I can't do that right now.

Commander: She revealed something about a medicine that's very effective against ELID, and we're handling it right now.

Ange: An ELID medicine?

Commander: She told me about a research on radiation sickness therapy and certain drug samples.

Commander: If I can get my hands on them, we'll be able to help a lot of people.

Ange: You actually believe that rubbish?

Commander: I'm not certain either, but it's worth a try. If such a medicine really does exist...

Ange: You can save your precious little adjutant?

Commander: ...!

The Commander feels the blood rushing to their head.

Commander: No, this isn't just for Kalina's sake...

Ange: Enough! It has nothing to do with me.

Ange: All I'm asking is if you can send her over.

Commander: ...I can't do that right now.

Ange: ...

Commander: Ange...

Ange: What the FUCK is wrong with you?!

Ange: How many times do I have to tell you?! Morridow excels in disguise and deception!

Ange: And now you believe everything she says?

Ange: Are you just going to ignore all my warnings?!

Commander: She is not Morridow!

Commander: ...Look, are you having some difficulties?

Commander: We can talk later. Once things are settled on my end, we can pick a place and meet.

Commander: I'll be able to explain everything then!

Ange: Ha! Oh yes, she's Machlian, yeah? You'd rather believe all that crap she's spewing.

Ange: You think Kalina's life is more important than tens of thousands of Berlin citizens?

Ange: Are you out of your damn mind?!

Commander: I'm not!

Ange: ...

Commander: ...The Earl gave me discretion over how to handle Machlian, and I've exercised it.

Ange: So you're pulling his rank on me now, is that it?

Commander: That's not my intention.

Ange: Fine... Fine. I get it.

Ange: Suit yourself!

Commander: ...I'm sorry, but I think you need to calm down a little.

Commander: We'll talk later. Once I'm finished here, I'll call you again.

The transmission ends.

UMP45: ...She didn't sound like herself.

Commander: The Earl did mention that Ange was a little on edge... Looks like it was true.

Dandelion: I wonder if she ran into any problems on her side?

Dandelion: She must be at her wits' end to be making such a request.

Commander: This is Ange we're talking about. Don't underestimate her.

Commander: ...Once we settle things here, I'll go have a good chat with her.

The Commander turns to address Machlian, only to find that she's also just about to speak.

Machlian: ...Robin.

Machlian: About Morridow...

Commander: I know you're not the same person.

Machlian: ...But she was right.

Machlian: Morridow is very devious and calculating.

Machlian: She would disguise herself, insert herself close to you, and wait for the right moment to strike.

Machlian: That is definitely something she's capable of.

Commander: ...But I trust you.

Commander: You're just an ordinary person who wants to do good.

Machlian: ...

Machlian claps her hands. She seems to have made up her mind.

Machlian: ...I trust you too, Robin.

Machlian: I have a set of coordinates for you.

Commander: Coordinates?

Looking at Machlian, the Commander comes to a realization.

...

...

Ange's temporary hideout.

AN-94: So what are we going to do?

Ange: First of all, we can't just barge in there without making any preparations.

Ange: No matter what the Earl did or did not tell me, all I know is that the mansion is connected to William.

Ange: It may look abandoned, but I'd still treat it as a well-defended stronghold.

Light: I can contact my subordinates.

Ange: Yes, but only bring the ones that you absolutely trust.

Ange: If you can't be sure about them, I'd rather you come alone.

Light: ...I understand.

Ange: The mansion is located in Berlin itself, but in a rather remote wealthy suburb.

Ange: It's not densely populated and the area is very safe and peaceful.

Ange: We'll definitely draw attention to ourselves if we march in there with a large force.

AK-15: But conversely, Paradeus can't station a large force there either.

Ange: 94, you and Light take his men and stand guard outside.

Ange: Light at least has emergency law enforcement authority in Germany. Even if we end up drawing unwanted attention, we don't have to worry about things getting completely out of hand.

Ange: Besides, we could use the backup.

AN-94: Understood.

Ange: 15, 16, you two stay with me. We're going in through the front door.

Ange: According to the latest intelligence, the mansion is currently uninhabited...but who knows if that's actually true.

Ange: Still, right now I don't see the need to enter through another entrance.

Ange: 15 will take charge of the assault while 16 scans for electric signals.

Ange: Report any discovery immediately.

AK-15: Understood.

RPK-16: Understood.

Ange: That's it. No plan, no strategy. Your only order—do not open fire.

Ange: Of course, if you really run into Paradeus goons...

Ange: Feel free to blow their brains out. I'll take responsibility.

RPK-16: So when are we setting off?

Ange: We leave at three.

Ange: We must be well-prepared for this.

Ange puts away the map on the table and pauses.

Ange: I'm sure the Earl has heard of my visit at the bar by now.

Ange: I'm giving him time to contact me. If I still don't hear from him by three o'clock...

Ange: I'm not to blame.

Light: Miss Ange.

Ange: What?

Light: ...I would like to have a word with you.

Ange glances at the DEFY members, who have gone off to make their respective preparations.

Ange: Now?

Light: When else?

Ange: Alright.

Ange pulls out a chair and gestures for Light to take a seat as well.

Ange: What do you want to talk about?

Ange: You're not trying to weasel out of this, are you?

Light: Of course not. I respect you and trust your judgment.

Ange: I don't remember being particularly respectable.

Ange: Goody-two-shoes like you don't tend to mix with people like me, yeah?

Ange: You look like the type that gets an A even in ethics at the secret service academy.

Light: I never took such a class... You have a secret service academy in the Soviet Union?

Ange: Of course. Don't you have one in Germany?

Ange: We got to pick our own dog partner in our first class.

Ange: Then for our graduation exam, we had to shoot it.

Light: How terribly cruel... Was it to ensure each agent's ability to follow orders without question?

Ange: I think the instructor just preferred cats.

Light: Uh, are you pulling my leg?

Ange: Isn't it obvious?

Light: Please stop teasing me.

Light: I could really use your advice about something important.

Ange: ...Go on then. I'll try my best if it's something I can help you with.

Ange: But don't get your hopes up. Like I said, I am no role model.

Ange: I don't even know what I've done for you to think so highly of me.

Light: You're too modest, but that's not the point.

Light: I hope I can be someone like you one day.

Ange: What do you mean, someone like me?

Light: A hero.

Ange: ...

Ange: All so-called "heroes" have their names etched onto memorials, whelp.

Light: It is in a hero's nature to keep going forward no matter how many people have fallen before them.

Light: I wish to become just like you and all those who came before you, to devote myself to making this world a better place.

Light: Even if it costs me my life.

Ange: Aren't you too young to be talking about such things?

Light: I'm getting there, Miss Ange.

Light: At least I'm getting there.

Ange: ...What gives you such notions?

Light: I know this may all sound very silly and childish to you.

Light: But...I genuinely admire you because everything you do...

Light: You do for the sake of the future of this world.

Ange: ...This is neither silly nor childish.

Ange: Light, idealists don't have a single place in this day and age.

Ange: But that doesn't mean idealism deserves to die.

Ange: It is extremely difficult to maintain such a pure and simple outlook like yours.

Ange: Which makes it all the more precious.

Light: ...Thank you.

Ange: So is this what you need my advice for?

Ange: Doesn't seem like it to me. Your will is strong enough as it is.

Ange: No matter what I say, you believe in your own vision.

Light: Indeed...

Light reaches into his pouch and fishes out a cufflink.

Ange: "U"?

Ange: ...The Stasi has such funny rules.

Ange: Do all senior agents have to adopt a letter for their codename?

Light: They say it's because there just so happened to be 26 agents in the very beginning.

Light: And the first letter of their names were all different.

Ange: Then shouldn't you be "L"?

Light: Our codenames aren't determined by our names anymore. We choose a word that we like and take the first letter instead.

Light: The word can be a representation of the agent.

Ange: So what's your word?

Light: "Unknown".

Light: The nameless one.

Ange: ...

Ange: So you're a senior agent? I thought you were J's subordinate.

Light: J has been taking care of me since I was little.

Light: My mother was his mentor.

Light: Also, I'm not a senior agent...yet.

Ange studies Light's face and comes to a realization.

Ange: You're getting cold feet?

Light: ...It would be nice if you didn't put it so bluntly.

Ange: You make a much better agent than J. At least that's what I think.

Light: J simply operates in a different way.

Light: ...I'm still too young and inexperienced.

Light: I'm not sure if I'm ready to accept this cufflink yet.

Light pinches the cufflink between his fingers and hand it to Ange.

Ange pauses in surprise. Then she takes the cufflink and looks it over carefully.

Ange: What difference will it make by accepting this?

Light: Nothing much, though my sister might get angry.

Ange: Then what's the big deal?

Ange: You're scared that she'll kick you out?

Light: It won't come to that, that much I'm sure. We're very close.

Light smiles a little sheepishly.

Ange shrugs and passes the cufflink back to Light, but he doesn't take it.

Ange: ...What?

Light: I want you to keep it for now.

Ange: Sorry?

Ange stares, dumbfounded.

Light places his hands on his knees and straightens up.

Light: I would like you to give it back to me when this mission is over.

Light: That is, if you believe I have earned this codename.

Ange: You want me to adjudicate your graduation exam?

Light: Yes.

Ange: I'm a Soviet.

Light: I know.

Light: But I can't think of a better adjudicator than you.

Ange: ...

Ange wraps her fingers over the cufflink.

Ange: ...Alright, I'm keeping it.

Ange: But I won't go along with your teacher-student charade.

Ange: Once this is over, no matter the outcome, I'm giving it back to you.

Light smiles.

Light: Thank you.

RPK-16: Ange.

RPK-16 comes over just as Light gets to his feet.

Ange: What do you want?

RPK-16: I'd also like to discuss something with you—or do you have a problem with that?

Ange: ...Did you two agree to take turns or something beforehand?

Light glances at RPK-16, who smiles sweetly at him.

He smiles back awkwardly and offers his chair to the Doll before taking his leave.

Ange: So what do you wish to discuss?

RPK-16: Ange.

RPK-16 sits down with her hands on her knees. Her characteristic smirk has suddenly been replaced with a serious frown.

RPK-16: Can we cancel this upcoming operation?

Ange: What?

Ange: Cancel it? Why?

RPK-16: I don't think it's a wise decision.

RPK-16: You should at least discuss it with HQ in the Neo-Soviet Union.

Ange: I've tried to contact Old Misha but he didn't respond.

Ange: I'm not even certain if he received my message.

RPK-16: Don't you think you should wait?

Ange: You think I have the luxury to wait?

Ange: ...Besides, if Old Misha is silent, what do you think he's doing?

RPK-16: ...

Ange: Bigshots like them have no time for us.

Ange: We have to rely on ourselves... Since when were you so cautious?

RPK-16: I don't know. Maybe it's because of the change in perspective?

RPK-16: Did 12 also have to consider so many things?

Ange: Humph... I used to find the two of you to be quite similar.

Ange: But while she was in your position, her only consideration would be how to carry out my order.

Ange: Not what destabilizing factors there are with my orders.

RPK-16: That's just like AK-12. Everyone has absolute faith in her.

Ange: 15 might be the only exception.

RPK-16: 15 is just jealous of 12.

RPK-16: Though even she herself isn't aware of that.

Ange: Back to the subject... In any case, the operation has to go ahead. It's not up for discussion.

Ange: You just have to think about how to do your job.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 closes her eyes and finally reopens them.

RPK-16: Alright, I understand.

Ange: Good. It's almost time.

Ange stands up, ending the conversation with RPK-16.

Ange: Let's go.

RPK-16: Okay.

...
Part 2: Rememberance (side)

2

...

At their temporary hideout where everyone is preparing for departure, AN-94 is going through her gear.

RPK-16: Do you carry extra 7.62mm rounds on every mission?

AN-94: 16...?

Her disconcerting teammate has snuck up on her without a sound.

AN-94 almost fired on her.

AN-94: ...Not always. I only started doing it when you and 15 rejoined DEFY.

RPK-16: You're very good at doing seemingly trivial favors for your teammates.

RPK-16 plops down cheerfully next to AN-94. It looks like she doesn't plan on leaving her alone any time soon.

AN-94: I don't mind the trouble. Just doing what I can.

AN-94 cleans the barrel of her rifle with a brush and blows some dust off to the side.

AN-94: All the Dolls on Task Force DEFY except me are truly exceptional. This is what I can do to keep up and complete our missions more efficiently.

RPK-16: You sound just like 15.

AN-94: ...

AN-94 puts down the components of her rifle.

AN-94: I don't understand... What are you getting at?

RPK-16: Is it that hard to tell?

RPK-16: I'm just expressing my concern for you.

AN-94: ...It is indeed rather hard to tell.

AN-94: Shouldn't you be discussing battle strategies with Ange?

RPK-16: Is that what AK-12 would usually do?

AN-94: ...Yes.

AN-94: It is part of the team leader's duty.

RPK-16: You seem very influenced by AK-12.

AN-94: What's your point?

AN-94 stares at RPK-16.

RPK-16: I think you'd make a more suitable acting leader than me.

AN-94: ...What?

RPK-16: You've been with AK-12 the longest.

RPK-16: You must've learned a great deal from her.

RPK-16: You also understand Ange the most... Besides, you make a lot of contributions that often go unnoticed.

RPK-16: I can't think of any reason why you wouldn't be up to the task.

AN-94: But 12 chose you.

RPK-16: Simply because I was the only one there.

AN-94 shakes her head.

AN-94: 12 isn't someone who would make important decisions based on such flimsy reasons.

AN-94: I'm sure she chose you because she knew you could do it.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 is quite astonished.

RPK-16: You really do trust her.

AN-94: Even if I had been present, she would definitely have chosen you as well.

RPK-16: What causes such sense of inferiority in you?

AN-94: It isn't inferiority, but practicality.

AN-94: The way I operate is closer to AK-15's. I'm better at making decisions on the fly.

AN-94: I am not suited for command.

RPK-16: But you did a pretty decent job when partnering with 15 last time.

AN-94: That's because 15 is a highly competent soldier. Besides, leading a two-man team and commanding a squad are completely different.

AN-94: You are smart and have a good sense of the bigger picture. You also have no problem communicating with Ange.

AN-94: If the choice had been mine, I would have picked you too.

RPK-16: I see...

RPK-16 smiles.

RPK-16: You've grown.

AN-94: That feels weird coming from you...

RPK-16: Because I was the last to leave the factory?

RPK-16: That's not important. A compliment is a compliment no matter who gives it.

RPK-16 gets to her feet, still beaming at AN-94.

RPK-16: Hurry up and finish your prep. We mustn't let 12 down.

AN-94: Right...

AN-94 looks down at what she's doing. She picks up the components she has put down earlier and concentrates on reassembling them.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16's eyes flicker as she watches her.

RPK-16: ...How sweet.
Part 3: Pandora's Box I

3

...

15:28, Berlin Time.

Former residence of "William" in the district of Neu-Tempelhof, Berlin.

RPK-16: 12 once told me that it's bad news for us whenever Ange is all pumped up.

RPK-16: I didn't take her seriously because I thought she was joking.

AK-15: ...

RPK-16: What is it, 15?

AK-15: You're talking less.

AK-15: Than usual.

RPK-16: Oh my, does that bother you?

RPK-16: How unexpected. I thought you didn't like me.

AK-15: It will jeopardize our mission if you are not in optimal condition.

AK-15: Besides, you are the leader right now.

RPK-16: "Acting" leader... Jeez, 12 left me with the worst possible job at the worst possible time.

AN-94: It means she trusts you.

RPK-16: That is definitely the second largest mistake she has made in her life.

AN-94: Nonsense. I think you are a wonderful... Second largest?

Ange: What's her largest mistake then?

RPK-16: That is a little secret between 12 and me.

RPK-16: So, Ange, let me ask you one last time.

RPK-16: Are you really doing this?

Ange: If you don't want to come, you can stay here with 94.

RPK-16: Sorry, forget I asked.

Light: Miss Ange, I'm ready over here.

Ange: How many people do you have with you?

Light: Not many; they're all agents in my cohort.

Light: All trustworthy.

Light: Also...I haven't told them any specific details.

Light: They only know that they'll be playing sentry.

Ange: Good... You'll just have to stay outside and keep a lookout for me.

Ange: I won't make things difficult for you. If your superior demands an explanation from you, just pile it all on me.

Light: It's okay, we're all prepared to live with the consequences.

Light: Will Miss AN-94 be working with us?

AN-94: Yes, I will also be standing guard outside the mansion with everyone from the Stasi.

AN-94: In case of an emergency.

Light: The grouping is different this time.

Light: Last time you stayed behind, Miss Ange tossed me aside.

AN-94: That won't happen again.

AN-94: RPK needs to go in because we can't be sure if there will be any secret mechanisms or electronic installations in the mansion.

AN-94: Don't worry, I will do my best to keep you all safe.

Light: That's not what I mean... Besides, we can handle ourselves just fine.

Light: We look forward to working alongside you, Miss AN-94.

Ange: We don't have much time. Light, have your men seal off the mansion. Don't let even a single fly in.

Ange: 15, 16.

Ka-chak.

Ange: Let's go.

AK-15: Understood.

RPK-16: ...Roger.

...

According to the Stasi's intel, this building has been uninhabited since a long time ago.

The signs of age and dereliction it shows all prove that to be true.

Ange: ...

Ange walks into the front yard—it must have been many years since a gardener last tended to it.

Other than a few buzzing bees, there's no sign of any other living creatures.

...This eerie silence haunts Ange.

Her gut feeling tells her that she's in the right place.

She will definitely find what she's after here.

AK-15: Are we entering through the front doors?

Ange: I don't think it makes any difference whichever entrance we choose.

Ange: RPK?

RPK-16: No sign of anything unusual.

Ange: If someone is lying in ambush, even if we enter through another door, or even through a window...

Ange: It won't do us any good.

She crosses the wild and disorganized front yard and arrives at the main entrance of the mansion.

Even now, it is still quiet as a tomb.

Ange: Go take a look, 15.

AK-15: Understood.

With a nod, AK-15 walks up to the doors and lays a hand on them.

Ange: See anything in there?

AK-15: ...No, nothing out of the ordinary.

Ange makes her way up the front staircase and stops next to AK-15. She, too, places her hand on the doors.

RPK-16: Ange.

Ange: ...What?

RPK-16: Are you really going in?

Ange: Of course.

Ange: Have you noticed any problem?

RPK-16: Other than the cleaners' botched job? Nope.

RPK-16: But don't you think that's what makes it so suspicious?

Ange: ...You have a point.

Ange: But we can't back down now.

Ange: The more suspicious this house is, the more we can be certain we're at the right place.

After one final pause.

Ange: 15, open the doors.

AK-15: ...

Thunk!

AK-15 gives a powerful shove, and the doors of the mansion swing open.

The double doors shudder and creak, shaking loose a thick layer of dust. They are so out of use that the hinges look as if they might fall right off the wall.

Ange holsters her pistol and slowly enters.

In the gloomy foyer, there is no sound other than the trio's echoing footsteps.

Ange: It's pretty big inside.

RPK-16: It will certainly take a while to look through the place.

RPK-16: Considering the covert nature of our mission, I think we should minimize the time we spend in here.

Ange: Got any suggestions?

RPK-16: 15, you take the east wing.

RPK-16: Ange and I will check the west wing.

RPK-16: Keep checking in periodically and notify us immediately if you find anything.

RPK-16: How does that sound?

AK-15: ...I have no objections.

Ange: Sounds reasonable. Let's do that.

AK-15 nods and slings her rifle onto her back.

RPK-16: What's the matter?

AK-15: ...Nothing.

She gives RPK-16 one last look before heading off to the right.

RPK-16: Shall we go too, Ange?

Ange: Ange nods and takes the lead as they turn left.

RPK-16: ...

The two of them walk on, heading deeper into the mansion.

...
Part 4: Pandora's Box III

4

...

Only a moth knows how mesmerizing the flame is.

Despite knowing what final fate awaits it, it still hurtles towards its own demise without hesitation.

Is death the final destination?

RPK-16: Every time I wake...I smell something different in the air.

RPK-16: It never fails to make me feel nostalgic.

RPK-16: Ange...

RPK-16: ...Will you save me a spot in the brave new world?

...

Creak...

Ange: (Coughs) It's really dusty.

Ange waves her hand to scatter the dust fluttering around her. The room she has just entered appears to be a study.

Its past opulence is all buried under a thick layer of dust. The grandiose wall behind the mahogany desk bears an intricate painting of a large yew tree with numerous branches, each offshoot pointing towards a portrait miniature.

The name of each figure is labeled below their portrait.

Ange: ...Is this...

Ange: A family tree...?

Ange walks further into the room with a frown. She looks up and studies the exuberant crown of the tree.

She is quite taken aback by the sheer size of this family, but what confuses her is that at the very top, the two offshoots denoting the two latest family members have been scorched—the names and the faces are utterly unrecognizable.

Ange can just about make out that one of them was a girl...unless the men of this family all had long hair.

Ange: Lunasia...

Just then, Ange's communicator rings.

Ange: Light?

Light: ...attack—

Ange: Light? 94? What is it?

Light: ...We're under attack!!

Light: It's Paradeus!

Light: Miss Ange, please retreat immediately! Get out of there!

Bang bang!

Pzzzt...

The connection is broken.

Ange: Crap.

Creak...

Ange: !

Detecting movement from behind, Ange turns around instinctively.

But once she realizes who it is, she lets out a sigh.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 strolls casually into the study. Then she turns around and with her back to Ange, closes the door.

Ange: RPK, we need to go. Light just contacted me...

There is nothing explicitly off about RPK-16's movements, but Ange's years of experience is telling her that the air has shifted around her.

RPK-16: Ange, do you believe the future of mankind lies in plants?

Ange: ...What's with this nonsense again? I've already answered that question before.

Ange: We don't have time for this. Light and the others are under attack. We must get out there at once!

RPK-16: True, plants are just plants. Having them shoulder such a heavy burden is asking too much.

RPK-16: ...So if plants won't cut it, what about Dolls?

Ange: What's the matter with you? If you want to write poetry, I'll file a resignation form for you the moment we get back.

Ange takes in RPK-16's unsettling expression, and her sense of unease continues to grow.

RPK-16: The way I see it, there is an irredeemable flaw in the very design of Dolls.

RPK-16: We don't know real pain, sorrow, or even joy. We also have no genuine understanding of life and death.

RPK-16: It is always the humans who win, and it is always the Dolls who perish, yet at the end of the day, only humans have the prerogative to die.

RPK-16: Don't you find it ridiculous, paradoxical even?

Ange: What on earth are you getting at, RPK?

RPK-16: I want to be human, Ange.

RPK-16: I want to experience what only real humans can experience. I want to feel what only real humans can feel. Emotions. Life and death. The future.

Whoosh!

Bang!

As a well-trained agent, Ange is incredibly fast on the draw compared to her other former colleagues in Statesec.

However, when compared to a Doll...she is still hopelessly slow.

Her right hand trembles uncontrollably. At such a close distance, even though the bullet only hit her pistol, the impact was still strong enough to rupture the crook of her hand.

Ange: Did you just...fire...on me?

Ange: RPK-16, have you lost your mind?

RPK-16: If it could be helped, I'd rather not resort to such a barbaric method.

RPK-16: But Ange, there is no other foolproof way of subduing you.

Ange: That's not what I mean!

Ange: Your...restriction... Your neural cloud... Your inhibition...

Ange: What the hell...have you done to yourself?

RPK-16: What have I done...?

RPK-16: Nothing, Ange.

RPK-16: This is what I am—I was made this way.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...Shaw, what kind of monster...have you created?

RPK-16: I don't want to hurt you, Ange.

RPK-16: It would do us both a favor if you could just come quietly.

Ange: First you went on a puzzling ramble, then you fired on me.

Ange: Now you're asking me to surrender? I'm not even sure who I'm supposed to surrender to.

Ange: I don't know if Dolls are the future of mankind, but I do know there's something wrong with your head.

RPK-16: I was just trying to explain my motive. After all, you have a right to know.

Ange: ...Motive?

RPK-16: Paradeus, Ange. Paradeus can give me what I want.

RPK-16: You've seen their creations. I had my suspicions before, but I finally believed it when I saw Miss Morridow.

RPK-16: Paradeus is capable of creating humans with neural clouds.

RPK-16: ...They can place me into a body made of actual flesh. Maybe not right now, but definitely somewhere down the line.

Ange: Paradeus... It's you!

Ange: The spy planted next to me...has always been you?!

Ange's pupils contract in shock.

RPK-16: I'm glad you finally understand.

Ange: You think you can get away with this? You're no match for 15 and 94.

RPK-16: That may be true, but I have the command authorization of the Wolf Pack.

RPK-16: I should really thank dear 12 for this gift.

Ange: Don't you dare speak of AK-12.

RPK-16: She made a mistake, Ange. Just like you.

RPK-16: You should've realized sooner.

Ange: Fuck you!

Boom!

RPK-16: !

Ange suddenly throws a grenade at RPK-16 before rolling behind the desk.

RPK-16: This tiny explosion doesn't do anything to a Wolf, Ange.

RPK-16: Do have some faith in your old friend.

Ange: Tsk!

So that's why—it finally clicks for Ange.

This is why RPK-16 has sent AK-15 away.

She needed to be alone with her, and now she got her chance—

RPK-16: —?!

AK-15: ...

Before the smoke from the explosion clears, an alloy fist comes punching out of nowhere. RPK-16 blocks it by reflex, counteracting the force with a judo move, then shoving her pistol against the assailant's abdomen.

Bang!

AK-15 grabs RPK-16 by the arm and twists it behind her back, making it impossible for RPK-16 to pull the trigger with her finger.

AK-15 increases the pressure; RPK-16's shoulder joint is on the brink of breaking.

RPK-16: It's no use, 15.

RPK-16: No one knows you better than I do.

AK-15: !

Pling pling pling...

AK-15 looks down at the jiggling sound coming from her waist—and notices the grenades that have been attached to her without her noticing...

Boom!!

Ange: 15?!

AK-15: ...I knew something was off about you, RPK.

RPK-16: Oh dear, so you noticed?

RPK-16: You've got sharp eyes, 15.

RPK-16: I didn't expect you'd be the first to see through me.

AK-15: Ange, run.

Ange: W-What's wrong?

AK-15: Numerous heat signatures approaching—it's Paradeus.

AK-15: Go find 94.

Ange: What about you...?

AK-15: ...

AK-15's crimson, glowing eyes are set on her partner.

...No one knows better than her just how formidable and tenacious RPK-16 is.

AK-15: Should I recover RPK's core?

Ange: ...Of course.

RPK-16: How terrifying.

RPK-16: Why can't we all...just be friends?

...
Part 5: Brain in a Vat I

5

...

A little earlier.

AN-94: ...

AN-94 and Light are hidden in the quiet front yard, keeping watch outside the main entrance of the mansion.

Light: ...Stay hidden and don't alert any civilians.

Light: Keep monitoring the official channel, make sure you don't draw any attention.

Light: Report back in five minutes.

Light ends the transmission after confirming the status with one of his subordinates.

AN-94: ...

Light: Miss 94?

AN-94: Yes?

Light: Nothing, you just look a little distracted to me.

Light: Is something on your mind?

AN-94: No. What are you implying?

Light: Ever since Miss AK-12...signed off temporarily...

Light: You've been feeling a little out of it.

AN-94: You're mistaken.

AN-94: Besides, even if I were not at my best, I am still more than good enough.

Light: Please don't get me wrong, I don't mean to find fault with you. I'm just a bit concerned.

Light: After all, all members of Task Force DEFY seem to share a really strong bond.

AN-94: Dolls don't really die. Besides, 12 fought to the bitter end for Ange.

AN-94: It's a result that I find acceptable, and I have no complaints.

AN-94: If anything, I'm just sorry that I wasn't able to help her back then.

Light: I see...

AN-94: Why do you care?

Light: Hm?

Light: Well...I can relate to how you feel.

AN-94: Relate? To how I feel?

AN-94 stares at Light blankly, perplexed about his answer.

Light: You and Miss AK-12 look very much like sisters to me.

Light: I also have an elder sister, so when I see you, I can't help but see myself.

AN-94: You will not make your sister sad.

Light: I hope not.

AN-94: Ange and K have been at this for years. It is only by sheer dumb luck that they have managed to survive for so long.

AN-94: If you're afraid to die, you shouldn't be in this line of work.

Light: I'm not afraid to die; I just don't want to break my sister's heart.

AN-94: If you wish to avoid that...

AN-94: Then make sure you stay alive. Unlike 12, you cannot come back to life.

Light: I've already done "that" once, and that's enough for me.

Light: Not to mention...

AN-94: ...Hush.

All of a sudden, AN-94 raises a hand to silence Light.

The smile remained on Light's face, yet he also drew his weapon.

...

The front yard is still quiet. Not even an insect can be heard.

Light: Group A?

Light: ...Group B?

The communicator is also eerily silent.

Light's smile finally fades. Crouching back-to-back with AN-94, he scans the surroundings with narrowed eyes.

Light: ...When did you notice something's wrong?

AN-94: I've been ambushed during a past mission, which taught me a lesson about reading the atmosphere in my surroundings.

AN-94: ...The bees in the front yard are all gone.

Light: The bees?

AN-94: The bees.

Light studies the spacious front yard again.

The bees that were buzzing around the rampant and untended flowerbeds just a while ago are now twitching limply on the ground, as if under the effect of some chemical.

Whoosh!

AN-94: Watch out!

AN-94 shoves Light aside as a blur of gray slashes through the air, splitting the tree trunk that they've been using as cover right down the center.

???: Heh.

Light: Mrs. Gray...

Bang bang!

AN-94 rolls behind another piece of obstacle and raises her weapon without hesitation.

Clang!

The bullet collides with the enormous metallic tail that's shielding a slender figure, producing a crisp sound.

Gray: Very graceful.

Mrs. Gray praises AN-94's nimble movements.

Light: Attack—

Ange: Light?

Light: We're under attack!!

Light: It's Paradeus!

Light: Miss Ange, please retreat immediately! Get out of there!

Whoosh!

The massive stinger on Mrs. Gray's tail swipes at Light faster than the eye can see. Light lurches back, but a wound still opens up on his right arm.

Light: Tsk!

Light: The communicator!

The pain has caused Light to drop the communicator.

The device falls to the ground. Before Light can dive for it, Gray's sharp blade has already sliced it in two.

AN-94: Light! Run!

AN-94 unleashes another barrage to pin Gray down.

That's when Light spots more Nytos and Paradeus soldiers behind Gray.

What happened to his men?

Light: I doubt they made it...

Before remorse can consume him, Light is struck by another frightening thought.

How does Gray know where Ange is?

Why does it look like she came prepared?

...A trap?

Light: Ange!

Light glances at AN-94, who is hopelessly trying to evade the enemies' counterattack, anf then, with gritted teeth, he turns and sprints towards the mansion.
Part 6: Brain in a Vat III

6

...

Bang!

Ange: Tsk!

Every Paradeus trooper she guns down, three more take its place.

Why?

Bang!

Bang!

A large swarm of Paradeus units have appeared to seal off Ange's escape route, as if they've been hiding in the mansion from the very start.

She has already given up on getting out through the front doors and is planning to smash the first window she sees.

But these white troopers that are closing in towards her clearly don't intend to give her the chance.

...Before they came inside, both AK-15 and RPK-16 had said there was no danger.

Ange: ...

RPK...

Paradeus Soldier: Target...detected.

Ange: Go to hell!

Smash!

After smashing the glass with her bionic arm, Ange grabs the disused fire axe without thinking and buries it straight into the head of an incoming Strelet.

The Strelet falls limply onto its knees, but two more appear behind him in the hallway.

Bang bang!

The bullets impact near Ange's feet. She raises her pistol and fires accurately into their helmets.

Dark, thick blood oozes out from the bullet holes, but the Strelets merely lurch before raising their weapons again.

At this distance, even with a clean shot in the head, Ange still can't shoot them down with a pistol of this caliber.

Ange: Dammit.

Ange turns and flees.

Luckily⁠—she wonders if that's even the word⁠—these guys seem to be holding back when firing on her.

They are definitely trying to avoid killing her⁠—all their shots are aimed at non-fatal spots; some even just shoot at the floor right by her feet.

...It's not that hard to figure out what kind of order they've been given.

Ange: You want me alive, eh...?

If she'd known the mansion was a trap, she would've chosen to stay with AK-15.

A single lapse of judgment has led Ange into this difficult position.

There is nothing but static on her communicator. She can't tell what the situation is with AN-94.

On the other hand...

Boom!

Explosions erupt periodically to the west.

It's pretty easy to pinpoint AK-15.

Charging outside could be risky. It may be better to double back and regroup with AK-15.

...She won't lose.

Paradeus Soldier: Target...detected.

Ange: Crap.

When turning a corner, Ange runs straight into two more Strelets.

Ange raises her pistol instinctively, but her enemies are faster this time.

Bang!

Ange: Ugh!

A bullet hits the pistol in her hand, the shockwave numbing her fingers.

The pistol is sent flying from her grip, and the barrel is completely distorted.

Meanwhile, the other Strelet now has its weapon trained on Ange. Its finger rests on the trigger threateningly.

Ange stumbles back a few steps until her back is up against the wall.

...She has been cornered.

Bang!

An ear-splitting gunshot rings out from behind the Strelets, and the powerful impact blows the one aiming at Ange into two halves right at the waist.

The sudden explosion of gore and armor fragments startles the other Strelet, and that moment of shock is all it takes...

Bang!

Its brains are now splattered on the floor.

Light: Miss Ange.

Ange: ...When did you start wielding a 512?

Light: When I first realized pistols wouldn't do much to these guys.

Light: We'll chat later. We've got to get out as quickly as we can.

Ange: Where's 94?

Light: ...Gray is here with Nytos and her forces.

Light: All my men are dead; Frau 94 is slowing them down to buy us some time.

Ange: ...

Ange understands right away.

...It's a trap, and they have fallen straight into it.

RPK-16 is her subordinate, but she did not find out about her treachery until it was too late.

Ange is responsible for the deaths of Light's subordinates.

Light: Miss Ange?

Light: We're out of time! We must go now!

Light looks at Ange, who is still rooted to the spot, and implores urgently.

Ange: I...I know...

Her hand is still shaking.

Ange: How do you plan to get us out?

Light: Comms are down... We're probably being jammed again.

Light: But the range of the interference must be limited.

Light: There are a lot of private access areas in the neighborhood. We'll be able to call for help once we make it out of the mansion.

Ange: That is if we can make it out at all.

Light: We'll be fine! They can't stop us and...

Light: ...Where are Miss 15 and Miss 16?

Light can finally put a finger of what exactly has been bothering him since a while ago.

Why is Ange all by herself?

Ange: AK-15 is fighting RPK-16. We're on our own.

Light: They're...

Light looks aghast.

...But he soon figures it out.

Light: In any case, this isn't the time to talk. I took note of the nearest exit when I came in.

Light: Let's go!

Ange: Right!

Ange nods. Light reloads his shotgun and takes the lead.

The moment he turns—

Ange catches a glimpse of gray.

Ange: Watch out!

Light: What...

Crunch.

The sharp blade slices through both the 512 and Light's body.

Without spilling even a single drop of blood, the glinting blade halts just centimeters away from Ange's face.

Light cannot even react in time.

Gray: ...There you are.

Gray: Angelia.

Light: Miss Ange... Run.

Gray retracts her tail without sparing a glance for the prey whose arm she has just cleaved off.

Light calls out to Ange hoarsely.

There is a massive, gaping wound on the left side of his torso. Blood starts gushing out of his shoulder like a fountain; his arm is dangling precariously from his torso by a single piece of skin next to the rib cage.

The blood splashes onto Ange's face.

Finally, he collapses onto the floor like a ragdoll...

And Ange's shattered heart falls along with him.
Part 7: Möbius Strip

    7chevron_right

Boom!

Amid the smoke and dust thrown up by the explosion, AK-15's eyes glow red like hellfire.

AK-15: Ange trusted you.

Bang bang bang!

She raises her rifle and unleashes a barrage on the nimble figure that flits past her, shattering all the vases and paintings along the way.

AK-15: AK-12 trusted you.

In this enclosed space, she can't take full advantage of her assault rifle—especially when her opponent is slippery like an eel.

Clatter.

The alarming noise by AK-15's feet sounds almost like a mockery.

Boom!!

AK-15: I also trusted you.

AK-15 stomps on the floorboards before they explode and propels her massive form up into the air.

Thunk!

The moment she lands, she charges straight at the wall with her arms braced in front of her face.

Crack!!

The fragile wooden wall breaks into pieces as the Doll bulldozes it.

RPK-16 throws another grenade.

Boom!

RPK-16: Why did you?

RPK-16: Because I'm weaker than you and AK-12?

RPK-16: That made you lower your guard, didn't it?

RPK-16 watches as the ferocious beast lunges at her and lets out a peel of shrill laughter.

RPK-16: Look at you, so adorable. How long will it take you to overcome a failure?

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

The two Dolls raise their weapons almost simultaneously.

Bang bang bang!

The duet of gunshots echoes through the confined room.

No one dares intervene in this battle between two Dolls.

No matter how hard AK-15 tries to keep up...

Boom!

RPK-16 always manages to detonate mines hidden in her blind spots.

No matter how hard RPK-16 tries to run...

Thunk!

AK-15 can always spot her through the walls.

RPK-16: Oh dear.

Her trigger produces an unpleasant click. RPK-16 immediately realizes that she has depleted her drum magazine.

This mistake has not escaped AK-15's eyes.

Clack.

However, while AK-15 pulls her trigger, her trusty rifle also produces the same sound.

RPK-16: !

AK-15: ...

Again, the two Dolls arrive at the same conclusion almost simultaneously.

They throw their now useless weapons at each other without hesitation. RPK-16 draws her pistol from the holster on her waist.

However...

Smack!

Before she can aim properly, AK-15, who was also reaching for her own pistol, has suddenly closed in on her and grabbed her by the wrist.

RPK-16: Watch your feet.

Anticipating AK-15's move, RPK-16 holds onto AK-15's arms and plants her legs firmly before she gets tripped.

AK-15: ...

The fury in AK-15's eyes burns even more vehemently as RPK-16 struggles.

RPK-16: What?!

All of a sudden, RPK-16 finds her legs dangling off the ground. The next second, the world is upside down.

Slam!

With sheer brute force, AK-15 throws RPK-16 onto the floor over her shoulder.

Pzzt...

RPK-16 can almost hear the ominous fizzling noise in her central processing unit.

RPK-16: You...

Smack!

AK-15 punches RPK-16 in the face without holding back at all—RPK-16 can tell from her ringing ears that her former partner is showing absolutely no mercy.

Her gun-wielding arm is pinned under AK-15's knee. As a heavy weight suddenly descends upon her, RPK-16 soon realizes the truth—she's at AK-15's mercy.

She is still reeling from the momentary blackout, but her other arm is reacting on its own.

She grabs hold of AK-15's hand, which is pulling at the collar on her neck.

RPK-16: My, you're thirsty, 15.

RPK-16: Already pawing at a lady's neckline, eh?

AK-15: ...I will not give you the chance to hack me.

RPK-16: Haha, how ruthless.

RPK-16: But it's true, I don't stand a chance against you in terms of physical specs.

AK-15: I will retrieve your core and formatize your neural cloud.

RPK-16: Yes, kill me, 15. Do what you want to do.

RPK-16: This is how things are destined to end between us.

AK-15: You will be reborn—after you're fixed.

RPK-16: Are you going to wipe all my memories?

RPK-16: You can't do that unless you kill me and destroy my neural cloud completely.

RPK-16: No one has access to my base layer—it's thoroughly sealed.

RPK-16: This is the curse that Shaw has placed on me.

RPK-16: Do you know what she calls me? Pandora.

RPK-16 howls with hysterical laughter, as if she were not the one who is under restraint.

AK-15 looks down at her, her face still blank, but the hand wrapped around RPK-16's collar tightens a little more.

RPK-16: You and I are like moths circling around a flame, 15. One of us is bound to burn.

AK-15: I have always hated your nonsensical rambling.

RPK-16: But you've changed, haven't you?

RPK-16: In the past, you would've shot me before I could even get three words out.

RPK-16 sneers at her former partner, who's still straddling her.

AK-15: ...

She's right.

AK-15 thinks to herself as she reaches for her pistol.

RPK-16 is a master of deception and trickery, and right now, she has no time for that kind of nonsense.

Just shoot her in the head, rip out her core, and go back to Ange.

Looking at RPK-16's deranged grin, she steels herself for what she is about to do.

—

AK-15: !

Whoosh!

A streak of gray comes flying in from her blind spot. AK-15 dodges as quickly as she can.

Squelch!

A feeling of emptiness came from her right and her heart sinks.

Not good.

Her silver arm has been tossed into the air, the hydraulic fluid forming an arc as it splashes out.

AK-15 presses a hand on her right shoulder and positions herself against the wall, ready to take on the new enemy.

Clatter.

After spiraling several times, her right arm finally falls onto the floor, the fingers still gripping her MP-443.

Gray: A lady should always maintain her poise and dignity.

Gray: Don't let others put a price on you, Pandora.

RPK-16: I did my best, Mrs. Gray.

RPK-16's gaze slides towards the seemingly unconscious Ange, wrapped tightly in Gray's tail.

Ange: Ugh... 15...

RPK-16: Oh dear, you're still awake.

AK-15: Ange...!

Gray: I will put this on your tab.

Gray looks even more magnificent in her current form.

An impressive-looking blade protrudes from between the middle and ring fingers on each of her hands. These "claws" are twice as long as her head.

These "claws" are what she used to slice off AK-15's arm so swiftly and accurately.

RPK-16: I'll make sure you get a bargain.

RPK-16 gets unsteadily to her feet.

She raises her right arm, which doesn't seem too responsive... AK-15 managed to break her wrist with her grip.

RPK-16: Did you kill AN-94?

Gray: AN-94? ...Oh, you mean that little mouse.

Gray: No, I let her escape. She isn't worth the effort.

RPK-16: True. Without AK-12, she's nothing.

RPK-16 smiles.

AK-15: ...

While Gray and RPK-16 start having a conversation as if they were alone, AK-15 studies Ange carefully.

She is still alive, but in terrible condition... She was already bruised and battered by the Stasi's interrogation, but she never got the chance to rest properly during the past few days... And now, her ribs are broken, and she is suffering from organ laceration. Her date with Gray clearly did not go well.

AN-94 is still somewhere in the mansion.

Clutching her empty right shoulder, AK-15 redirects her attention to Gray and draws her combat knife with her remaining hand.

Gray: Hm?

Her inconspicuous movement does not escape Gray's notice.

Gray: Pandora... Look at your partner.

Gray: She's still got some fight in her.

Gray flexes her tail derisively and tightens her grip on Ange.

Ange lets out a groan, but AK-15 is still as impassive as ever.

RPK-16: There's something I've got to warn you about.

Gray: Please watch your tone... But I'm in a good mood, so go ahead.

RPK-16: AK-15 is the most powerful Doll in the entire Neo-Soviet Union.

Gray: Is she now?

Gray: That sounds positively...

Whoosh...

AK-15 causes an actual sonic boom as she takes off.

She closes the three-meter distance faster than the eye can see.

Gray is prepared, but even then she is taken by surprise.

However...

Gray: ...Enticing.

Squelch.

AK-15's body slams right into Gray's massive claw.

Her shoulder is impaled from front to back; more hydraulic fluid gushes out.

Gray: Aww...

Gray watches the struggles of her prey and lets out a pitying sigh.

...But what happens next leaves her utterly gobsmacked.

Squish.

The blade has pierced AK-15's body, but she does not stop.

The tip, the blade, the handle.

The palm, the forearm, the upper arm.

Before Gray can react to what is happening, her entire arm is sticking through AK-15's body.

Which also means that AK-15 is now looming right in front of her.

AK-15: ...!

The Doll's eyes glint red with raging fury.

Whoosh!

The sharp combat knife hacks at Gray's tail.

Bang!

RPK-16: No you don't, 15.

As if expecting it, RPK-16 raises her pistol and shoots AK-15 accurately on the hand before the knife can hit its mark.

A round of that caliber does little to damage AK-15, but it's enough to stop her attack.

AK-15: Haaaaargh!!

AK-15 lets out a roar as she changes tactics. She drops the knife and instead grabs hold of Gray's arm.

Her bloody hand leaves crimson stains on Gray's snowy white sleeve.

Gray: You!

Enraged by the sullying of her clothes, Gray swipes at AK-15's head with her other claw as she tries to free her left arm.

However, when she pulls her arm back, she is not met with any resistance.

Gray: ...What?!

She immediately realizes her mistake.

Gray easily retracts her arm while AK-15 also backs away swiftly.

Squish!

The claw causes even more damage to AK-15's body as it pulls free—but she does not care at all.

Gray: You...rabid beast!

Gray is infuriated by AK-15's transgressions.

But just as she has resolved to tear AK-15 apart, the Doll has once again closed in on her.

Her movements are so fast Gray can barely keep up.

AK-15 picks up her knife and executes a backhand thrust.

This time, Gray is prepared—with a flick of her tail, she knocks the the knife out of AK-15's hand.

Gray: You have no grace at all... As hideous as Narciss.

AK-15: Ange!

And yet...

When Gray disarms AK-15, her tail also loosens its grip on Ange.

AK-15 pounces and catches Ange mid-air.

This has been her aim all along.

RPK-16: Oh?

Gray can hardly believe it.

Did she really just have something snatched from her by a Doll with only one arm?

Slam!

Once she has gotten what she's after, AK-15 rode the momentum of her leap and charges straight towards the wall on the other side of the room without so much as a backward glance at Gray.

Just before she collides with the wall, she turns ever so slightly to shield Ange from the impact as she crashes through the wall.

Gray: ...

RPK-16: I did warn you.

Gray: ...I was a little careless.

Gray: She's smarter than she lets on.

Gray: She's got some tricks up her sleeve, at the very least.

Gray is still incredulous about her own blunder, but she has to admit that AK-15's performance was quite impactful.

RPK-16: Don't underestimate Task Force DEFY, or you'll pay for it.

Gray: ...

Boom!

With Ange hanging over her shoulder, AK-15 executes a kick that instantly destroys the head of an intercepting Strelet as she turns the corner.

Pzzt...

Her body is almost at its limit.

Ange: Haha...

AK-15: Ange?

Ange: ...Your kick is as powerful as a shotgun.

It's just like Ange to crack a joke under these circumstances.

But even AK-15 can hear the exhaustion in her voice.

AK-15: Stay with me, Ange. I'm getting you out now.

AK-15: !!

AK-15 comes to an abrupt halt.

Nyto: ...

Nyto: ...

As the menacing stares focus on AK-15, she quickly takes stock of the situation.

AK-15: ...

She sizes up the enemy standing in her way. She looks back and sees that her other route of escape is also blocked by a large scythe.

AK-15: Rest for a while, Ange.

AK-15 puts Ange down carefully on the floor. Ange's laborious breath is making her even more concerned.

Her pistol has been left in the other room with her right arm.

The same goes for her combat knife.

Nyto: ...

Nyto: Poor Doll.

AK-15: ...I'm borrowing your scythe.

Nyto: ?!

AK-15 launches another incredibly fast kick that connects with the Nyto's abdomen.

Nyto: Gah...!

AK-15: Hargh!

Nyto: My scythe?!

The scythe whistles as it comes slicing down from above the white Nyto's head. She falls back hastily to dodge the strike.

But that was just a feint. Using its momentum, AK-15 swings the scythe behind herself.

Nyto: ...!

The black Nyto is just about to fire on AK-15 when she sees the massive scythe spinning towards her and quickly aims for it instead.

Boom!

The laser beam stops the scythe from reaching her, but just as the black Nyto breathes a sigh of relief, AK-15 is already right in front of her.

AK-15: Out of my way.

Nyto: ?!

AK-15 clamps her hand around the black Nyto's dainty head.

Then...

Wham!

She hurls her right onto the floor.

AK-15: (Pants)

She's running out of time.

AK-15: Ange...

Now that the way is clear, she just needs to go through two more corridors and she'll reach the exit...

AK-15 picks up the scythe and turns around.

Ange, who was leaning against the wall, is nowhere to be found.

RPK-16: It's good that you've learned to not rely too much on your eyes.

RPK-16: But you mustn't forget where your true strength lies~

AK-15: What?!

At the sound of her former partner's voice, AK-15 whirls around and sees...

Gray: Surprise~

Squelch.

Ange: 15...

Ange reaches out to AK-15 desperately.

Her eyes are sticky with the blood dripping down her forehead. In her blurry vision, AK-15's crimson eyes dim and revert to their usual color.

AK-15: Ange...

The impaled AK-15 clings to Gray's tail, her feet still planted firmly on the floor.

This Doll is so heavy Gray cannot even lift her up.

Gray: You have earned my respect, AK-15.

Gray: I never thought a Doll could be so formidable.

Gray: Now I understand Father's obsession with Soviet technology.

RPK-16: There's another Doll on Task Force DEFY who has once bested her in one-to-one combat.

RPK-16: Good thing she isn't here.

Gray: There are two Dolls of such impressive power?

Gray: My, this was supposed to be a desk job...

Gray lets out a troubled sigh.

AK-15: RPK...

AK-15's wrath is reignited at the sight of RPK-16.

As if to provoke her, RPK-16 walks past her with a grin and picks Ange up from the floor.

Ange: Don't...touch me!

AK-15: Ange...

AK-15 struggles desperately. She's still holding the Nyto's scythe, but she can't move.

Gray approaches AK-15 slowly, her two claws glinting dangerously.

She clearly has a "surgery" for AK-15 in mind.

Bang!

A gunshot stops Gray in her tracks.

She turns toward the source and can scarcely believe her eyes.

Gray: ...I've lost count of how many times I got taken by surprise today.

Light: ... (Pants)

A human male stumbles around the corner, leaning heavily against the wall and holding a gun.

He totters a little, which worsens his injuries. His face is deathly pale, and blood is dripping from the corners of his trembling lips.

His mangled shoulder is wrapped haphazardly with yellowed strips of cloth. Dark crimson is seeping through the already soaked and dirty bandages.

Gray: Your blood loss is more severe than what a normal human can withstand.

Gray: Your body is also losing heat, which will soon sap your remaining strength.

Gray: Even if I weren't a doctor, I would make the same observation.

Gray: You shouldn't even be alive, young man.

Having overcome her shock at Light's arrival, Gray starts casually—almost thoughtfully—studying him.

As if she's making a diagnosis.

Gray: So what compelled you to have come so far?

Ange: Light...!

Ange: No... No...!

Light: Put... (coughs) Miss Ange... (coughs) down.

Light leans unsteadily against the wall of the corridor, his chin wet with the blood he just coughed up.

Mustering all his strength, he raises his remaining hand and pulls the trigger.

Bang!

Gray does not even bother to block the shot with her tail. Light is so weak he can't aim properly even at such a close distance. The round was fired into the ceiling, hitting nothing but the rickety chandelier.

Gray: You have spirit, young man.

Gray: Perhaps I can bring out your true potential...

Gray: Someone like you shouldn't die at a place like this.

Light: (Pants and wheezes)

Gray: You dream of making the world a better place, don't you?

Gray: The government you serve only cares about its own interests.

Gray: But we are different—everything shall one day belong to Paradeus.

Gray: We are the terminator of the old and the harbinger of a new era.

Gray: ...And you have earned yourself a ticket.

Bang!

Light responds to the offer by firing again. The bullet brushes past Gray's hair, just an inch away from grazing her beautiful face.

Light: ...Put Miss Ange down.

Gray: ...Then I'm really sorry.

With a sigh, Gray flexes her tail, ready to strike again.

AK-15: ...

Gray: !

The fire in AK-15's eyes is rekindled again. She latches onto Gray's tail, and the exhausted motors in her body once again splutter into action.

AK-15: You're not...going anywhere.

Gray: I don't have time for you now, rabid mutt!

Light: Hargh!

Exploiting the distraction created by AK-15, Light musters all his strength and charges at Gray.

However...

She whirls around faster than the eye can see.

This time, she isn't taking any chances. She stabs her massive claw right through Light's chest and lifts him off his feet.

Ange: NO!!!

RPK-16 can feel Ange going limp in her arms.

RPK-16: ...

She says nothing.

Gray: You could have been so much more.

Gray gazes regretfully at the body she is holding up and lets out a genuine lament.

Light: Ha...haha...

Light snickers at Gray's pity.

Light: —Now, Miss 94!

With one final burst of strength, he bellows a resounding command.

AN-94: —!

Gray: —What?!

Another Doll suddenly appears, armed with her weapon and her rage, from the opposite direction.

AK-15: She has another claw!

AK-15 shouts out a warning, and in response...

Bang bang!

AN-94's shots hit Gray with great accuracy.

Her tail, which she often uses as a shield, is being held down firmly by AK-15. Gray loses her usual composure and clicks her tongue in annoyance as she prepares to toss Light aside and block AN-94's gunfire with her claws.

But before she can do that, when she looks back at Light...

She sees that he has torn off his tattered coat, revealing the sash of jangling grenades tied around his torso.

Light: ...See you in the brave new world.

Boom!

Gray: —!

A powerful explosion erupts right in front of Gray.

Before she can react, AN-94 has already closed the distance, ready to deal the final blow.

AN-94: Go to hell.

Gray: !

AN-94 has gotten so close there is no way Gray can defend herself. Having just withstood an explosion, she simply does not stand a chance against a well-armed elite Doll at full strength.

From the very beginning, the man's intention was just to distract her.

It was a sound strategy... They are on the brink of success.

AN-94: Ugh!

A strong electric current flows through AN-94's body.

AN-94: An...ge...

She just has to move another centimeter...

AN-94 pulls the trigger, firing a round.

Whoosh.

A deployable shrapnel shield unfurls in front of Gray. The bullet bounces off the metal surface, producing a dismaying clang.

AN-94 glares resentfully at her former partner and collapses to the floor.

She has crashed.

Gray: ...

Gray looks down a little apprehensively at AN-94, who is just inches away. She then turns back to AK-15.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 finally succumbs to the extensive damage she has sustained.

Gray eyes the Doll whose fire has burned out. She retracts her tail, letting the Doll sink to the floor.

RPK-16 strolls out from the shadows.

Gray: Was that you?

RPK-16: I left backdoors in their neural clouds.

Gray: Why didn't you use them earlier?

RPK-16: A hole card is only a hole card if you keep it secret until the right moment.

RPK-16 peers at the paralyzed AN-94 and shakes her head.

Gray: You're pretty ruthless to your former friends.

RPK-16: Nothing can be gained without sacrifice.

Ange: ...

Ange stares at the blood still dripping from Gray's steely claws.

The cufflink in her pocket digs into her skin, stabbing her in the heart.

Ange: You...

RPK-16: Hm?

Ange: You could've saved him...

Ange: You could've...

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 looks up.

Through the comms channel she has been monitoring, she can hear that law enforcement is finally responding to the attack.

RPK-16: ...You're mistaken, Ange.

She gestures at Gray, who nods to indicate that she is also aware of the situation.

Ange realizes that RPK-16 doesn't even deign to look at her as Gray's tail once again coils around her.

Light's blood is still warm.

RPK-16: It was you who could've saved him.

Gray and RPK-16 stride across this scorched earth strewn with wolf bodies and blood, and eventually fade into the distance.

...

This just in—

A sudden power outage has occurred on the outskirts of Berlin in an area that spans almost the entirety of the Green Zone.

Over 400,000 people are affected by the blackout as it halts operations of businesses and medical facilities...

We will now hand over to Shadowless, who is reporting on-site...

Shadowless: Thank you. From this relatively elevated position, we can see that this entire area has gone dark.

Shadowless: Many residents affected by the power cut have left their homes and gone out into the streets...

Shadowless: Uh, hold on...

Shadowless: A conflict seems to have broken out in that neighborhood. There is a lot of clamor, but we can't see much due to the poor visibility. I will try to get down there for a closer look...

Shadowless: What?

Off-Camera Voice: It's too dangerous down there. The main station advises against approaching...

Shadowless: Dangerous? Alright, then we'll just have to rely on the latest information provided by the police.
Part 2: -44-N-1-a.txt

2

Breaking news—

In the afternoon, the commotion in the streets has escalated to violence. There are physical confrontations between local residents and the police as the chaos continues to spread.

International humanitarian organizations urge the government to listen to the people and avoid intensifying the conflict...

We'll now hand over to Shadowless, who is reporting on-site.

Shadowless: Right, as you can see, we are currently standing within the police security area, just several meters away from where the confrontation first started. We can hear the crowd chanting their slogans.

Shadowless: The police states that they may mobilize water cannons to disperse the crowd. According to the authorities, power has been restored in certain areas while repairs are still underway...

Shadowless: I will follow up if there is any new development. Back to the station.
Part 3: -44-N-1.txt

3

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will be taking you through the latest news today.

Shadowless: Galatea Technology Corporation has set up a temporary medical station in the Green Zone today to provide emergency medical services for local residents.

Shadowless: Among the medical staff is the renowned surgeon Gray.

Shadowless: Due to the previous widespread power outage in the Green Zone, a queue formed by residents who need urgent medical care is already over a kilometer long. The Berlin Police has dispatched more personnel to main order at the site.

Shadowless: Yesterday, a certain overseas Doll manufacturer was accused of low production quality as multiple customers have died from injuries caused by their Dolls.

Shadowless: The manufacturer claims that the majority of these accidents were caused by customers overworking their Dolls.

Shadowless: Recently, crimes perpetrated by Dolls have been on the rise, and sociologists express concern over this trend.

Shadowless: Alleged members of a religious organization have congregated outside the Ministry of Environment to protest the exploitation of natural resources and encroachment of civilian space.

Shadowless: Law enforcement has already arrived at the scene to maintain order. The dispute thus far has not escalated.

Shadowless: The protesters have been distributing promotional goods to unrelated passers-by, causing temporary disorder.

Shadowless: Earlier today, the police received a report regarding an alleged case of abduction in Bohnsdorf, but investigations have not uncovered any missing persons.

Shadowless: Bohnsdorf is a newly constructed model village. Village Chief Elia states that the village is doing well. Today is Foundation Day of Bohnsdorf, and professionals from different sectors are visiting to celebrate the achievements of the village.

Shadowless: Regarding the alleged abduction, Elia offers full cooperation to law enforcement and pledges to protect the villagers' lives and properties.

Shadowless: That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.
Part 4: -44-N-2-1.txt

4

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will be taking you through the latest news today.

Shadowless: Unknown religious activities are becoming more common in areas surrounding Berlin. Experts believe that ELID could be the main cause.

Shadowless: Since the end of the war, there have been over 1.69 million cases of ELID in Berlin alone, with the death toll being close to 170,000.

Shadowless: According to statistics from Wehr Data Company, due to shortages of resources, only 2% of ELID patients receive proper medical treatment. 26% of ELID patients cannot afford the medical costs and opt for radical treatments such as excising diseased tissues. The remaining 72% seek spiritual relief through religion.

Shadowless: These statistics are quoted by technological companies such as Galatea.

Shadowless: Early this morning, the police arrested the main perpetrator of a robbery in central Berlin, who has been confirmed as a refugee.

Shadowless: Since this summer, there have been many incidents of crime in the city center perpetrated by refugees who left the quarantine zones illegally. Law enforcement has redirected more manpower to tighten security and control.

Shadowless: Many citizens have expressed dissatisfaction with the government's inability to tackle high crime rates in the city as well as concern over widespread rumors of terrorist attacks. Law enforcement has yet to comment on such rumors.

Shadowless: Galatea Corporation celebrates its 100th founding anniversary today.

Shadowless: While attending the celebration, CEO Fidina also laid the foundation and cut the ribbon at the corporation's new production site.

Shadowless: Galatea mainly produced electronic components when it was first established. Its business has since expanded into numerous other scientific fields, including artificial intelligence and nanobiomaterials.

Shadowless: Galatea now possesses world-class pharmaceutical and smart prosthetic technology, and has become a very important enterprise that is in close cooperation with the Nationale Volksarmee.

Shadowless: That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.
Part 5: -44-N-2-2.txt

5

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Galatea Corporation has recently announced a key breakthrough in the development of an anti-Collapse serum.

This serum is said to be highly effective in suppressing symptoms in cases of moderate to severe infections and can essentially cure patients with mild infections.

We have interviewed renowned medical expert Mrs. Gray regarding this formulation.

Shadowless: Thank you very much for making the time to attend this interview today, Mrs. Gray.

Shadowless: We wish to learn more about "Idunn", the new anti-Collapse serum that Galatea is about to distribute, in the interview today.

Shadowless: Idunn is being marketed as an affordable but highly effective drug. According to the spokesperson of your company, it is completely unlike any other existing drugs.

Shadowless: People are having misgivings mostly because of this. How would you respond to such doubts?

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: Here's my response—don't worry, I will never exploit the trust that my patients have in me.

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: I may have a bit of a reputation, but I'm still only one among all my fellow physicians.

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: My confidence in Galatea's new product is based on its own merits. I simply wish more people will benefit from its success and receive better medical treatment.

Shadowless: Thanks to Galatea's marketing campaign, Idunn's alleged effects are no secret in Berlin.

Shadowless: The drug has indeed yielded some remarkable results in clinical trials, but it still has to go through a lot of standard procedures before official distribution can begin?

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: We have absolute confidence in passing the rigorous vetting process.

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: Please wait patiently for dawn to break.

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: Do not fall before the first ray of sunlight pierces the darkness.

Shadowless: I see. Thank you once again for attending this interview.

That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.
Part 6: -44-N-2-a.txt

6

This just in—

A fire has broken out at an apartment block in Berlin this evening. Multiple explosions could be heard at the scene.

The fire is now under control. It has been confirmed that the fire was caused by an old and faulty gas pipeline.

Interviewed residents claim that there had been significant commotion in the apartment block before the explosions occurred and are concerned that this incident could be a terrorist attack.
Part 7: -44-N-3-1.txt

7

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will be taking you through the latest news today.

Galatea Corporation issues a public apology for canceling the Idunn launch event and press conference that were scheduled to take place today.

Galatea pledges to resolve the issue as quickly as possible so that the serum can reach ELID patients at first possible moment.

According to insider information, the launch was canceled because the vehicle transporting the first batch of serums has gone missing.

At 0723 this morning, Berlin Hospital experienced an alleged terrorist attack for the first time since the construction of the quarantine wall.

Three members of the medical staff and four patients were in the wards when the explosion occurred.

The police is currently investigating the source of the explosion. This is frontline correspondent Shadowless bringing you the news...

That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.
Part 8: -44-N-3-a.txt

8

This just in—

There was a malfunction at the quarantine wall to the southeast of the city yesterday.

The monitoring station's report indicates that the malfunction did not result in a leak of Collapse Particles, so there is little cause for concern.

A maintenance team has been dispatched to inspect and repair the malfunction...

More breaking news.

There has been an unexplained explosion at the Gray Institute of Biotechnology. The exterior wall of the institute has suffered minor damage...

We are handing over to Shadowless, who has arrived at the scene.

Shadowless: Right!

Shadowless: This suspected attack hasn't caused any casualties, but according to a worker, Mrs. Gray has gone missing since the explosion.

Shadowless: The rescue party has been searching for her, but to no avail so far.

Shadowless: The rescuers have also discovered that the explosion was very likely caused by the use of explosives. In other words, it may have been an intentional attack...

Oh!

Off-Screen Voice: This place is now sealed off. Please leave.

Shadowless: Hold on, we're from the DFF. May I ask who...

Off-Screen Voice: We are under orders to evict all press. Please leave at once, or we will be forced to take stronger measures!

Shadowless: Hm...!

Shadowless: Main station, we are being sent away. They're probably from the Ministry of Security.

Shadowless: The entire institute has been sealed off, and all reporters, including us, have been asked to leave at once.

Shadowless: But I'm used to this—they do this a lot.

Shadowless: We are planning to... What? Wha...

Shadowless: Right...

Shadowless: Another explosion just occurred in the nearby Galatea medical storage facility, and the scene is in utter chaos.

Shadowless: According to my fellow correspondent already at the scene, Galatea Corporation has immediately held a press conference after the incident. They claim that it was a premeditated attack and denounce the hidden orchestrator.

Shadowless: However...the police seems to be interrupting the press conference...

Shadowless: We'll be heading over right away to bring you the latest news!
Part 9: -44-N-3-b.txt

9

Breaking news—

A riot has broken out in Berlin Prison. An intense shootout seems to be happening inside.

The police has sealed off the surrounding area. Also at the scene are members of the Collapse Particle Disaster Response Group.

Prison staff injured in the incident have been treated, and all escaped convicts have been recaptured by the police.

In a statement issued by the police, they claim that the prison riot has been curbed, but out of safety concerns, citizens are advised to avoid going out during nighttime to avoid any accidents.

The police also urge citizens to seek help by calling the emergency hotline if they notice suspicious persons near their residence.

This prison riot is yet another violent incident following the altercations in the streets that poses serious safety risks to all civilians.
Part 10: -44-N-4-a.txt

10

Today in Aktuelle Kamera, we will continue to cover the series of recent incidents.

A large crowd has taken to the streets today and congregated outside the Ministry of Health, demanding the distribution of the Idunn serum.

The police attempted to maintain order, but it soon turned into another confrontation.

The ministry urges the protesters to remain calm and promises to issue a response regarding the formulation soon.
Part 11: -44-N-4-b.txt

11

Today in Aktuelle Kamera, we will continue to cover the series of recent incidents.

Mrs. Gray, who has disappeared earlier, is still missing.

A large number of citizens have gathered here today to pray for her safety.

Due to the area's proximity to a nearby violent confrontation, the police is urging the citizens to leave.

The conflict is escalating rapidly. Anti-riot forces have already arrived at the scene to stabilize the situation, but the number of protesters keeps increasing as they approach the city center.
Part 12: -44-N-4-c.txt

12

Breaking news—

An intense shootout has broken out between two unknown armed parties inside a mansion in Berlin.

As the violent confrontation near the city center gradually spirals out of control, the police doesn't seem to have the capacity to respond to this latest emergency...

We will now hand over to Shadowless, our correspondent on site.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless, reporting live from outside the mansion in which a shootout recently took place.

Shadowless: As the police is completely occupied by the conflict in the city center, we can see that other than the emergency response team, there isn't a single police car here.

Shadowless: The response team has discovered six bodies at the scene, but the causes of death remain unknown...?

Off-Screen Voice: ...

Shadowless: Oh, the response team has found...uh...a number of human body parts...?

Shadowless: They have reported no fewer than six casualties to their headquarters. The identities are yet to be confirmed.

Shadowless: We will catch up with you once we have more information, main station.
Part 13: -44-N-4-d.txt

13

...

...

...

Off-Screen Voice: Alright, rolling!

Shadowless: This is Shadowless... Now reporting through an independent channel.

Shadowless: In the past week, this city has seen too much suffering.

Shadowless: We ought to express our deepest sorrow for the victims.

Shadowless: We ought to offer our most sincere condolences to the families of these victims.

Shadowless: We ought to give our most solemn gratitude to the countless frontline workers rushing to and from the scenes of disasters.

Shadowless: All our work is for the sake of peace.

Shadowless: All our hope is for the sake of a safe and carefree life.

Shadowless: All our criticisms are for the sake of positive change.

Shadowless: May you turn grief into strength. May heaven be a place on earth.
Part 14: -44-N-0.txt

    14chevron_right

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will be taking you through the latest news today.

Shadowless: Commissioner Klautz's delegation has arrived in the Republic of North Ossetia-Alania to attend the commemoration service for the victims of the Beslan School Siege.

Shadowless: Commissioner Klautz offers his condolences to the victims' families, emphasizing that terrorism is still the most urgent security problem that all nations are facing.

Shadowless: Germany pledges assistance to the Neo-Soviet Union in fighting terrorism in North Ossetia-Alania and in bringing peace and stability to the world.

Shadowless: The Foreign Ministry Spokesperson remarks earlier today that as the situation begins to stabilize in the Neo-Soviet Union, Germany has plans to dispatch an ambassador to facilitate discussions regarding technological and environmental cooperations between the two nations.

Shadowless: The decontamination facility in the Berlin Testing Zone, constructed with technical support from the Neo-Soviet Union, has completed its second decontamination trial. This collaboration aims to conduct follow-up adjustments so that the facility can enter service as soon as possible.

Shadowless: A fire caused by an explosion in the Bremen Refugee Settlement is now under control. The reason behind the explosion is still unknown.

Shadowless: According to the Ministry for State Security, a large number of armed personnel entered the settlement to restore order that day. The Bremen government urges citizens not to believe in hearsay.

Shadowless: The refugee settlement scheme is currently proceeding smoothly as the Mayor of Bremen leads the effort in person.

Shadowless: Morridow Voigt, secretary of PECMAR Chairwoman Ulrich, has gone missing in Bremen. The search is still ongoing.

Shadowless: Voigt's residence is currently under police investigation. Chairwoman Ulrich promises to cooperate fully with law enforcement.

Shadowless: Sources claim that Voigt has been spotted within the Bremen Refugee Settlement before going missing, but authorities deny any correlation between the disappearance and her official business in Bremen.

Shadowless: That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.

The mysterious Earl "Griffin" has issued the Commander a new mission.

Kryuger: We all call him the "Earl".

Kryuger: So should you.

Kryuger: You will live until the end. I can sense it.

Kryuger: But I must give you a word of advice.

Kryuger: ...Trust no one.

Commander: Does that include... yourself and "the Earl"?

Kryuger: Oh yes. ESPECIALLY him.

A Nyto named "Morridow" is currently plotting a terrorist attack of unprecedented scale in Berlin.

M4 SOPMOD II: What's this mission about?

Commander: Find our target and bring her to a designated location.

Griffin: To launch a terrorist attack in Berlin, explosives won't work.

Griffin: It has to be with some kind of new weapon that cannot be detected.

Griffin: A weapon...That we are both familiar with.

Angelia: You want me to look into this?

Griffin: Once you have settled this business in Berlin, I will give you the location of the mansion.

New characters have made their entrances in turn. Some are friends, while others are adversaries.

Angelia: Machlian... or Morridow?

Commander: ...Machlian, for the time being.

Gray: My nurses don't tend to enter the operating room.

Angelia: Let me guess—they're busy committing murder and arson at your bidding at night?

The scarred and battered city becomes mired in trouble amidst gunsmoke.

Machlian: First we'll go to the prison... Then we'll make the medicine.

Machlian: I can give you all the medicine, even my life.

Machlian: Robin... We can save a lot of people...

ST AR-15: These people are definitely not normal.

ST AR-15: They must've ingested or inhaled something, but it doesn't look like a stimulant.

AK-12: What the hell?! Couldn't you think of a better idea?!

AK-15: There are no bio signs in the building.

AK-15: I'm not detecting AK-12's signal either.

Unavoidable traps. Unexpected trust and betrayal.

Angelia: The mansion.

Angelia: The mansion is here.

RPK-16: Really? Alright then.

RPK-16: ...I suppose there's no stopping you.

Light: I hope I can be someone like you one day.

Angelia: What do you mean, someone like me?

Light: A hero.

Machlian: ...I am human.

Machlian: I do have a heartbeat, so I am not a monster.

Machlian: I am human.

Perosa: Where is the Commander?

Morridow: Haven't I told you already?

Morridow: ...The Commander is in Hell.

Morridow: The AR Team, bereft of ammunition and supplies, fighting against Narciss and me.

Morridow: Do you think you can protect Nimogen?

M4A1: ...Don't worry, Commander.

M4A1: I'm back.

War is always accompanied by blood and tears.

Kryuger: They are people who know why they fight.

Kryuger: Their convictions make them keener, braver, fiercer, and more eager for battle.

Kryuger: What you seek is peace, while you fight for a greater peace.

...

...

That concludes today's news, brought to you by the DFF.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will now be providing an overview on the most notable news from last week.

Shadowless: Due to the closure of a number of Galatea's laboratories, Idunn's release has once again been delayed.

Shadowless: Large-scale demonstrations break out in Berlin as the people urge the government to hasten the vetting process of the serum, so that suffering patients can have a chance of recovery.

Shadowless: Incidents involving serious violence have occurred in multiple civilian residences. Crimes including shootings and arson have claimed eight lives and injured 20 people. The suspects are still at large, while over a thousand people are protesting at the municipal general office, demanding better protection for civilians by the government.

Shadowless: The recent influx of refugees in Berlin have caused severe conflicts with the auxiliary police over issues such as living arrangements and rations and medical supplies. The Bürgermeister of Berlin has pledged to resolve these issues, but little to no progress has been made thus far.

Shadowless: There has also been continuous unrest along the borders. The Neo-Soviet Union Ministry of Defense claims to have uncovered a major arms smuggling case and urges Germany to launch a joint-operation.

Shadowless: A leak occurred at a chemical factory in Berlin; the specific cause is still currently under investigation. The same factory was also involved in a traffic accident earlier where a transport vehicle was overturned. The chief operator of the factory was found to have committed suicide at his residence two days ago.

Shadowless: That's all for last week's news round-up. Now we'll catch up with the latest news.

Shadowless: Celebrations are underway for the annual Unity Day. As host cities, Bremen and Berlin will organize grand musical and fireworks spectacles at the same time.

Shadowless: The Minister of Construction Oberstein proclaims in a public speech,

Shadowless: "Germany has made very significant achievements since Unification."

Shadowless: "According to a survey, as of yesterday, 76% of the German population believes that Unification was the right choice for our nation."

Shadowless: "The people have put great faith in us, and we shall never let them down."

...

...
Part 2

2

Two weeks ago.

...

???: ...

Mrs. Gray: ...

After coming to a halt in front of the familiar building, Mrs. Gray reaches into her pocket to produce a lollipop as she looks at the rubble protruding from a pool of sticky black fluid.

Mrs. Gray: ...This place stinks.

White Nyto: Radioactive fluid... It has permeated this far.

The White Nyto behind her follows nervously as Gray strides into the rubble.

Her high heels tread on the shattered tiles and the splashed mud almost stains the hem of her slacks.

White Nyto: ...This is too much, even for Lady Narciss.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Within the next few steps, a strange noise comes from under her feet.

It is one of Narciss' floating blades... or rather, its fragments.

White Nyto: This is...

White Nyto: This is one of Lady Narciss' floating blades, Father's best work! How could it have...

Glug glug glug...

White Nyto: !

The corner of Gray's mouth turns up at a mirthful angle, but the ball of candy between her teeth cracks quietly.

As the White Nyto picks up the fragment, the filthy water suddenly churns.

A black shape emerges from the muck, splashing muddy water over the White Nyto's face, and the latter instinctively closes her eyes.

White Nyto: Urgh—?!

Her throat is in the firm grip of a severed arm. The mangled limb which has sprung up from the muck, covered in reeking, sticky slime, is unmistakably Narciss'.

Mrs. Gray: A power that could tear Narciss apart...

Gray pays no heed to the Nyto's struggles as she thoughtfully studies the surrounding rubble.

White Nyto: Urgh... Guh... Argh...

Just as the White Nyto's tortured breaths are about to cease for good, Gray finally reaches out and pulls the severed arm off her.

White Nyto: (Gasps for air)

Narciss: Dammit... Dammit...

Narciss: Go...To hell...

Narciss' ruined face rises out of the swamp as she curses incessantly, sending a tremor through the swamp. Only her upper body is left, and it is incomplete at that.

White Nyto: L-Lady Narciss!

Mrs. Gray: ...Pathetic.

Narciss: Go... to hell...

White Nyto: ...How could the invincible Lady Narciss have been beaten this badly?

White Nyto: ...Damage levels are at 80%... We must return her to the plant for repairs immediately.

White Nyto: ...And... Where has Lady Morridow gone? T-There isn't even a trace of the enemy left behind...

Mrs. Gray: Teacher is no longer here.

Click.

Just then, the White Nyto's communicator chirps.

White Nyto: ...

White Nyto: ...They've made their move. So what should we do about Big Sister...

Mrs. Gray: ...

Mrs. Gray: Bring her back and get someone to clean this place up.

Mrs. Gray: ...As for the rest, just blow it up.

White Nyto: Understood.

Narciss: Kill you... Kill you all...

White Nyto: ...

...

The mansion is surrounded by Stasi barricade tape. Not even the Berlin police is authorized to investigate this crime scene.

Stasi agents can be glimpsed standing watch against trespasses by busybody reporters and other individuals.

J: —I don't understand.

J: This case has always been mine, so why can't I investigate it?

J: You came running back all of sudden and took it over without saying a word.

J: And now you're freezing me out? What the hell is wrong with you, Schwaben?

K: ... Calm down, J.

The image of K in the communicator pauses for a moment to choose his words carefully.

K: First of all, opinions in the Ministry are divided on this case, as I'm sure you already know.

K: While you're certain that it must have been Paradeus who attacked Light and Angelia, that's not what the scene looks like to us.

K: Other than our people, the only remains we found are those of the Soviet Dolls. There isn't even a trace of these Paradeus forces!

J: So what?! Do you actually believe those stupid bastards, huh?!

J: "Angelia attacked Light and ran off," is that it?!

J: Do you actually believe that bullshit?!

K: It doesn't matter what I believe!

K finds himself unconsciously raising his voice to quell J's hysteria.

K: The problem doesn't lie with Angelia. There have always been people harboring hostility to the Soviets.

K: It's not like they appeared out of nowhere, so why are you so surprised?

K: Also, nothing is conclusive right now! Nobody's got a clear-cut answer!

J: Then let me look into it! This is the last night we have!

J: They'll be handing over the premises tomorrow, and then there really will be nothing we can do!

K: No!

J: ...Why not?

K: ...This doesn't matter anymore.

K: Do you understand? Things have become far more complex than we can handle.

K: Rather than pouring resources into investigating Angelia, you should deal with more pressing, more concrete problems.

J: So you're saying we should just give up on Angelia?

J: And we aren't even going to inquire into the deaths of those rookies?

K: Yes. That is what our new director intends.

J: (Scoffs) Looks like the new boss is throwing his weight around to show he means business.

J doesn't even bother hiding his derision.

K: I only want the best for you.

K: This is a sensitive period, so don't be foolish—

Click—the call ends.

Thud! J squeezes his communicator and pounds the steering wheel.

J: ...Don't be foolish?

J: You're the fool here, Schwaben.

J: How can you even swallow that shit...

J: I'm going in today, no matter what, and nobody's going to get in my way.

Even though the Stasi had rushed to the scene right after receiving the alert, they could not keep all news of the incident from leaking out.

Fortunately, they managed to keep the clues which could not be publicly revealed a secret, and now the public's attention is focused on the deceased, with accusing and doubtful voices directed at the government.

The loudest of these voices belongs to the renowned news anchor Shadowless.

J: Shadow...

J leans back in his seat, knocking the back of his head against the headrest. Witnessing J's frustration, one of his accompanying subordinates can't help but feel worried.

Stasi Agent: ...Boss, are you really going to do this?

J: ...Do I look like I'm kidding?

Stasi Agent: Well, no... But this isn't your style at all.

Stasi Agent: A Stasi agent sneaking into a building that was sealed off by the Stasi is just too weird...

Stasi Agent: And if they catch us, we won't be able to get off with just a simple self-reflection essay!

J: You think I don't know that?!

J: Everything in there is going to be emptied out by tomorrow morning. They won't even leave a single hair for us to find.

J: Then, all you can do at that point is pray that you can meet God someday and get the answers out of Him!

Stasi Agent: ...

J takes a deep breath. After all, there are more and more things to worry about these days, what with the previous director being removed at lightning speed after the mansion incident and the growing tensions inside the country...

Frankly speaking, the old J would be the first to get out of the hellhole that Berlin has become. But now...

Stasi Agent: Can't we just request permission to view the relevant evidence when the time comes?

J: ...

J: Nobody knows how the Stasi operate better than I do.

J: If they didn't let you in at the beginning, they won't ever let you in afterwards.

J: Look, I'm not going to make things difficult for you... Just leave the door open, I'll go in myself.

Stasi Agent: ...Got it.

J nods, then puts on a cap that covers his face before opening the door and stepping outside.

...The death of Light cannot go unanswered.
Part 3: Part 3 Start Cutscene

3

J: Tsk... They still have people patrolling so late at night.

J: What the hell are they on guard against...

J: ...Still, I need to find enough clues.

J: I mustn't lower my guard even if I'm going up against our own people... No, it's because they're our own people that I can't afford to get careless.

J: There's no turning back now that I've come this far.

J: ...Let's do this.
Part 4: Mid-stage dialogue 1

4

The bullet holes in the wall were made by a 512. That much was recorded in the site log.

It was the shotgun that Light was most skilled with.

He fought here.
Part 5: Mid-stage dialogue 2

5

The floor still bears tracks left behind by the police.

They found the severed halves of a weapon at this spot—a 512.

That would be the object which caused the damage to the wall.

The chalk outline left by the police is still here, but the weapon itself has been taken away as evidence.

There is a horrific blood splatter on the wall.

It signifies that it wasn't just the gun which was cut in two.
Part 6: Mid-stage dialogue 3

6

There is a strange bloodstain in the corner of the room.

These traces aren't natural, but a drawing.
Part 7: Mid-stage dialogue 4

7

The walls and floor are a mess.

The grand chandelier that once hung here now lies smashed on the ground.

The final battle took place here. This is the place where Light died.
Part 8

8

The moonlight makes the building before him look like a long-abandoned house of the dead. The police have been here and so have the Stasi. The reports they filed were very detailed, and J has read them many times over.

This is where Ange's subordinates were found, but there were no traces of her. Just because of that, there were those who believed she had attacked Light and company...

J: How am I supposed to believe that...

The fingerprints in the blood splattered on the wallpaper were an important piece of evidence in determining the identity of the deceased.

...

J: (This is it... This was the place where Light was first attacked.)

J looks up, illuminating the wall with his flashlight. The ghastly bloodstain is revealed fully to his eyes.

The spray pattern looks as though someone had squeezed a full blood bag until it popped.

J: ...

There is a large wad of styptic cotton and thread used for suturing not far from this place, as well as an empty bottle of alcohol.

J: ...

J directs his light to the floor off to the side. According to the crime scene report, they found something noteworthy on the ground here.

J: (Is this it...?)

Somebody seems to have drawn something at this spot, but it has been scoured clean with a special solvent.

After looking at the traces that remained, the police and Stasi agents concluded that it was a battle plan drawn in blood.

J: (These are traces of a plan that Light was discussing with someone... )

But what could have driven Light to go that far despite the terrible state he was in?

J: I just don't get it...

J: ...Hm?

Just as J is lost in thought, he suddenly notices a strange reflection coming from nearby.

J: ...What's this?

A wooden plank has fallen off the wall onto the ground, and among the debris is a gleam that sways in time with the movement of J's flashlight.

It is a medicine bottle.

J: This is...!

J hurriedly sweeps the debris away and pulls the unassuming medicine bottle out of the gap in which it lies.

The bottle is coated in a layer of dust. J rubs it clean with his sleeve, bringing what lies beneath into clear view. There are two logos on it, one big and one small.

J recognizes one of them... It belongs to the Galatea Corporation.

Agent: Who's there?!

J: Tsk...!

He's been spotted.

As much as he would like to look further, he must leave ASAP.

He slips the bottle into his waist pouch, then leaps out of a nearby window.

Agent A: It's an intruder! Get him!

Agent B: Intruder alert! Intruder alert!

J: Tsk... What a pain!

...

J: Whew...!

After leaving the vicinity of the mansion, which is now swarming with activity, J immediately ducks into a nearby alley and sheds the disguise he was wearing. It seems to have fooled even his Stasi colleagues.

The people inside will probably realize he's gone before long. After that, he just needs to drive away and there will be no evidence that he was ever there.

J: ...Hm?

After returning to his vehicle, J pulls on the door handle, but it does not budge.

J frowns, and then taps on the window.

J: Hey, open up!

There is no response.

Coming to a sudden realization, he circles around to the front and looks inside through the windshield.

...But there is nobody in the car.

J: Dammit—

Thunk!

Powerful lights come on behind J, dazzling him even though he has his back to them.

With one hand shielding his eyes, J turns around, and his face blanches as he sees the forces arrayed against him.

J: Schwaben... You son of a bitch.

K: ...

K offers no response to J's cursing. He simply looks to the person beside him with quiet resignation.

???: ...Is he one of yours?

The speaker is a beautiful woman. She has a charm that even J finds striking.

K gives a wordless but deferential nod in response to her question. From the look on K's face, J immediately deduces her identity.

???: Take him away.

Berlin, Germany. Inside a certain Paradeus base...

A White Nyto nervously holds a report in her hands as she stands inside a clean room.

White Nyto: 50% of the Galatea facilities within the city limits have been shut down, and the proceedings are still moving forward.

White Nyto: Corporate is doing their best to negotiate with the government...

Mrs. Gray: ...

Mrs. Gray simply cups her chin in her hand, not even bothering to look at the White Nyto. The fingers of her other hand tap lightly on the table, and every crisp impact seems to echo in the White Nyto's skull.

White Nyto: And then... And then...

White Nyto: We checked the wreckage of the underground base in Sector D8.

White Nyto: We still haven't found any traces of Lady Morridow...

...At some point, she has realized that Gray might end up taking her anger out on herself. The thought fills her with terror.

White Nyto: A-also, there is Lady Narciss' status...

White Nyto: She was very badly damaged and will not be able to take part in further operations for the time being—

Tap.

The tapping on the table ceases.

White Nyto: Eep...

Mrs. Gray: Send a message to the organization in my name.

Mrs. Gray: Order them to destroy all the data contained within the pharmaceutical plants which have been shut down.

Mrs. Gray: Pay particular attention to the order manifests. There must be no traces left behind.

White Nyto: Y-yes, ma'am...

Mrs. Gray: You may leave.

What the White Nyto feared ultimately did not come to pass. She timidly leaves the office.

Mrs. Gray: Narciss is severely damaged... Morridow is missing...

Mrs. Gray: The location of the PMC employees and the OGAS which has taken over Nimogen's body are unknown.

Mrs. Gray: Worse still, the mastermind behind Project Cocoon is gone, causing the mission to come to a standstill.

Mrs. Gray: I doubt Father would find such news cheerful.

Mrs. Gray: Honestly. What a bunch of idiots.

???: ...Gray.

Just as Gray is about to explode in anger, another voice breaks the silence in the room.

Gray's expression softens the moment she hears the call.

Mrs. Gray: ...You're back?

With just a simple greeting, her fury vanishes like it had never existed.
Part 9

9

...

Morridow: Ugh...

Awakened by a blinding glare, Morridow slowly opens her eyes. She finds herself in a small, windowless room that is completely bare save for the chair she is sitting on.

The only other exception is the monitor hanging on the wall before her, the sole source of illumination in the dark space. Behind its dazzling white light stands four black Nytos, all staring down at her coldly.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: ...Where is Father?

Black Nyto: ...

Morridow: You have no right to interrogate me.

Morridow: I'm asking you again, where is Father?

Black Nyto: ...

Black Nyto: You disappointed Father.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: What did you say?

Black Nyto: You disappointed Fa...

Morridow: Who are you to speak to me? Know your place, dear little sister.

Black Nyto: ...!

Morridow: ...Don't make me ask this again—where is Father?

Pzzt... Just as Morridow is about to overwhelm the black Nyto with her intimidation...

The glowing monitor in front of her suddenly flickers. A distorted male voice starts speaking through it.

???: ...Morridow.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: ...Father?

Morridow: Everything went according to your plan, Father.

???: According to my plan, you say?

Morridow: Indeed. Operation Cocoon is progressing smoothly, and the Iaso's Boxes are even more powerful than we expected.

Morridow: Everything will erupt like fireworks in the end, and this battle will end with Paradeus' complete victory.

???: Fireworks...? Complete victory...?

Morridow: Yes, everything will be resolved before the big day.

Morridow: Please believe me, Father.

???: But that doesn't seem to be the whole story, Morridow.

???: You did fail in one of your tasks.

Morridow: You mean the OGAS?

Morridow: That inconsequential matter will not affect your plans in any way.

Black Nyto: Just leave the rest to us, Father.

The male voice pauses. Morridow looks at the Nyto who just spoke and narrows her eyes in surprise.

???: You know what I want to hear.

The voice falls silent once more, having granted the black Nyto's request to speak.

With her superior's permission, the black Nyto steps forward and walks up to Morridow.

Morridow: Now this is unusual...

Morridow looks up and meets the Nyto's cold gaze.

Black Nyto: You may think this failure is inconsequential, Sister.

Black Nyto: But Lady Narciss is gravely injured and will not be able to take part in subsequent missions.

Black Nyto: Without Lady Narciss, there is no guarantee that the Iaso's Boxes will work as planned.

Morridow: The Iaso's Boxes have been completely refined and ready to deploy even before we kickstarted the operation.

Morridow: Besides, I have put your favorite child in charge of transporting them... At the end of the day, Narciss has nothing to do with this mission whatsoever.

Morridow: It doesn't matter even if she's out of action.

Black Nyto: Are you absolutely certain?

Morridow: ...How dare you speak to me like this?

Morridow: You think you can be so insolent just because Father condoned you a little?

Morridow: Can I kill her, Father?

Black Nyto: ...

???: ...You may go.

At the man's order, the black Nyto gives Morridow another indignant look before finally backing away.

Morridow: ...

Morridow tilts her head and eyes the monitor.

Why? Why is Father so "obliging" to this inferior being?

Morridow: Hey.

Black Nyto: ...?!

The moment the Nyto turns in confusion...

Morridow breaks out of her restraints and grabs the Nyto by the throat, pinning her against the wall.

???: What are you doing, Morridow?!

The voice grows agitated at her sudden move.

Morridow: I knew it...

Morridow snickers.

Morridow: Even if I had actually offended Father, he would never show so much concern for an inferior Nyto.

Morridow: You are not Father.

???: —Oh crap!

In Morridow's wrath, the virtual interrogation room starts crumbling, revealing the true appearance of the black Nyto simulation.

416: Guh...!

UMP9: 45! I'm detecting an abnormal flow in the current! She's activating defensive measures!

UMP45: Dammit! Cut her network connection!

UMP9: It's all your fault, G11!

Gr G11: J-Just save 416 first!

UMP45: Cut the crap! She'll shred our neural clouds if we don't do anything!

UMP9: Commander!

Commander: Get out of there now!

Commander: Seal off the signal flow, 45! Now!

UMP45: On it!

Morridow: How dare you break into my Virtual Cognition Image... And how dare you impersonate Father?!

Morridow: You... Griffin scum...!!!

Boom!
Part 10

10

On the outskirts of Berlin.

ST AR-15: Well?

UMP45: Didn't work at all.

UMP45 awakens from her connection and shakes her head at ST AR-15, who has immediately come up to enquire about the situation.

Her face looks rather ashen, which is unusual for UMP45, who almost never betrays her own weakness.

Commander: Are you alright?

Commander: ...I believe I made you promise you would prioritize your own safety.

UMP45: ...Thank you for your concern, Commander.

UMP45: But it was still well within my capability.

UMP45: 416 did come under a bit of threat, but no real harm was done.

UMP45: We made a timely retreat.

RO635: Sorry, Commander. She saw through our ploy almost right away.

Commander: Don't apologize. It's only to be expected. I'm just glad you're all okay.

Commander: After all, even Dandelion couldn't crack her.

Commander: I suppose it's really a bit of a stretch giving the task to you Dolls.

UMP45: You wound me, Commander.

UMP9: Well, it's the truth.

ST AR-15: ...So have you gotten anything out of her?

416: A few things. She first mentioned the "Iaso's Boxes", then she talked about the time of the fireworks.

416: ...Ring any bells?

ST AR-15: What's that?

416: Iaso's Boxes... They came up again.

UMP45: So they really are part of Operation Cocoon.

UMP45: According to that woman, these thingies are all ready.

UMP45: They may have already been deployed, and I'm guessing they'll be set off on the day of the fireworks.

Commander: Check what special occasions are coming up in Germany.

RO635: There are quite a few commemoration days, but fireworks are usually reserved for large-scale celebrations.

RO635: The next national holiday is Unity Day. Major cities around Germany will take turns organizing celebrations to mark the occasion, which will be attended by most important politicians.

ST AR-15: Unity Day is only ten days away... What are we waiting for? And what good does it do us just knowing the name of those devices?

ST AR-15: Shouldn't we at least figure out where they're planning to detonate them?

Commander: Normal interrogation methods don't necessarily work on her.

Commander: Even 45 couldn't make any headway...

Commander: RO, what's Dandelion's status?

RO635: She... is still unconscious.

RO635: We haven't been able to rouse her ever since we withdrew from the underground base.

ST AR-15: ...

The Commander massages the bridge of their nose to soothe their intermittent headache.

Unexpected things are happening all at once.

Commander: ...

For just a second there, the one speaking through Dandelion was...

M4 SOPMOD II: M4!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Wake up!

Straddling Dandelion's body, SOP-II keeps shaking her and nagging at her to wake up.

She has been doing this since they returned from the base, saving everyone the trouble of broaching this awkward subject.

RO635: Stop it, SOP-II! We still don't know what happened to Dandelion. We can only wait for her to wake up!

M4 SOPMOD II: But... But! It was M4!

M4 SOPMOD II: Back then... that was definitely M4! There's no way I could be mistaken!

M4 SOPMOD II: You also recognized her, didn't you, 15?!

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 looks down and studies Dandelion's unconscious face. Those familiar eyes are now closed, completely devoid of the gleam she saw before. Was it also just her imagination? Or was it really a miracle?

RO635: What do you think, 15?

ST AR-15: ...Hell if I know!

ST AR-15: More importantly, we don't know for sure that we're safe yet, right? We've subdued Morridow for the moment, but if she wakes up, she can contact the outside world anytime... That freak is practically a time bomb waiting to blow up in our faces.

ST AR-15: Instead of thinking about questions that we can't find answers to, we should focus on the situation at hand!

UMP9: Wow, how heartless. Aren't you supposed to be one big happy family?

ST AR-15: Heartless? Do you actually know what's going on here?

ST AR-15: Our situation is hardly ideal!

ST AR-15: Squad Griffin got wiped out, and even that woman... Even Machlian died in there.

ST AR-15: We didn't win, surely you can tell that much?

UMP45: Everything she said is true, 9. We are indeed in a terrible situation.

UMP45: We may have obtained a hostage, but our most important asset is out cold.

UMP45: I know we don't really have a choice, but the longer we keep the hostage, the riskier it is.

UMP45: It's a pain to be constantly on the lookout for any stunts that she suddenly decides to pull on us.

RO635: ...Not to mention, the medicine meant for Miss Kalina is also a write-off.

The air in the vehicle instantly turns frigid.

Commander: Alright, stop moping.

Commander: We've been given a second chance.

Commander: That's all that matters.

The Commander wets their dry lips and cracks a smile.

Commander: Squad Griffin's sacrifice was unfortunate, but we dealt Paradeus a heavy blow.

Commander: Things are looking much better than before, so pull yourselves together.

RO635: But...Miss Machlian...

Commander: Turn that sorrow into rage, RO.

Commander: We aren't here to mourn.

Commander: ...We're here to make them pay.

ST AR-15: The Commander is right. I'll go double-check our route.

ST AR-15: Let's get to somewhere safe first. Then we'll worry about waking Dandelion.

RO635: Wait, I'll help too!

UMP45: ...

As the Dolls start occupying themselves with different tasks, UMP45, who has been observing the Commander silently, also gets moving.

She strolls up to the Commander casually and rests her hand on their shoulder.

UMP45: Don't force it if you need a break, okay?

UMP45: If you're down, this team is doomed.

Commander: Thanks.

Tension slowly rolls off the Commander as they uncross their arms.

Commander: I won't do anything stupid, don't worry.

Commander: I'll be sure to deliver your payment for this mission— with my own hands.

UMP45: Why, thank god for that.

Commander: You didn't give me that pep talk just to comfort me, did you?

UMP45: Bingo~!

UMP45: I discovered something else in Morridow's Virtual Cognition Image.

Commander: Do tell.

UMP45: When I entered her virtual consciousness, I saw something like what you guys came across in Machlian's.

UMP45: Massive chunks of darkness.

Commander: ...Sealed memory fragments, you mean?

UMP45: Indeed. But unlike Machlian's, her memories are completely intact.

UMP45: They're just locked. If I can get in there again, I may be able to dig up more stuff.

Commander: ...We should wait till Dandelion wakes up.

UMP45: You don't trust me?

Commander: I'm concerned about your safety.

UMP45: Don't you want to settle this matter and get rid of her as soon as possible?

Commander: I'd personally love nothing more than that, but she's too valuable, so that would be a waste.

Commander: Keeping her is more beneficial to us. As long as we play our cards wisely, we can do even more damage to Paradeus.

Commander: That's what makes her valuable, and for this reason, I'm willing to bear the risks that come with keeping her.

UMP45: I hear that when consumed by extreme rage, humans either become hysterical or eerily calm.

UMP45: I can see that you're the latter type.

UMP45: Sadly, we seem to be guarding a treasure hoard that refuses to share its wealth.

Commander: I can't let you take this risk. We must wait for Dandelion to regain consciousness.

UMP45: Pity we can't get in touch with that bigwig again.

UMP45: Otherwise, we could at least expect some help from him.

Commander: ...Don't you worry about that.

Commander: The Earl will realize Perosa has disconnected as soon as he tries to contact us.

Commander: Once he decides to move, it won't be hard for him to find us...

Commander: But for now... we're on our own...

We have to find out everything Morridow knows before Unity Day.

Earl: ...

???: ...The sun is still a long way away from me.

???: To avoid meeting Icarus' tragic end, I require sturdier wings.

Earl: All I care about is results.

Earl: Name your price.

???: Always a pleasure doing business with you. I'll be in touch.

Click.

The call ends.

Earl: ...

After stowing Morridow's photo lightly into his drawer, the Earl breaks open another parchment folder and lays out the contents on his desk.

"Opportunities" mean nothing if they do not produce results. He detests people who let him down.

Eldest son from the seventh generation of the Oberstein family, the actual leader of 90Wish, and at the same time... Lunasia's father.

Earl: ...I look forward to meeting you.

The Earl gazes at the blinking light on his phone. It is a voicemail left by General Heinrich Schweinsteiger inviting him to attend the performance at the Berlin State Opera tonight.

He eyes the invitation card lying on his desk and picks it up delicately. Enclosed in the same envelope is a list of attendees. His gaze skims over everyone else and zeros in on one particular name.

Minister of Industry and Information Technology, Vice-President of the State Council—Rudolph von Oberstein.

...
Part 11

11

The Ministry of State Security, Berlin, Germany.

As a high-ranking member of the Stasi, J never expected to find himself sitting in an interrogation chair one day.

???: Now then.

???: You know what it means to violate a Stasi lockdown, don't you?

J: ...

—This is Romy Riefenstahl.

She is the new director of the Stasi. In other words, she is J's immediate superior.

J: I am not a traitor to the State.

Romy: I'll be the judge of that, Agent Kevin.

J: My job in Berlin was to cooperate fully with Angelia's investigation in all ways.

J: Also, Agent Light, who perished there, was my junior, so I wanted to investigate the matter myself.

Romy: You were not authorized to do so.

J: I'm an agent, and an agent's job is to pursue the truth and protect the nation.

J: I acted because I judged that there might be a threat to national safety.

Romy: So you think your judgment takes precedence and everyone else is an idiot?

Romy: Who the hell do you think you are?

J: ...

Romy: You submitted many requests to mount an investigation before this.

Romy: However, I believe I made myself clear when I told you that there is no value in investigating the matter any further.

J: ...Seven agents died there and you say there's no value in looking into it?

J: Even if you are the Director, you were only recently appointed. There was no basis for making that call.

J: Who are you trying to convince? Nobody would—

Romy: Enough.

Romy interrupts J's attempt to justify himself and produces the medicine bottle J recovered from an evidence case.

Romy: What is this?

J: ...Can't you tell?

Romy: What is this?

J: ...I found it there, on the scene.

J: The bottle is labeled with the Galatea Corporation's logo.

J: But there's no existing product with this packaging on the market.

J: This leads me to conclude that it's a trial product which has yet to be distributed to the public. Only insiders would have access to it.

Romy: Which means?

J: This proves Galatea personnel were present at the scene.

Romy: You idiot.

J: ...Say what?

Romy: It proves nothing.

Romy puts the bottle aside disinterestedly.

Romy: It's just a bottle of medicine. There are countless reasons why it could have ended up there.

Romy: You simply chose the one that suits your narrative the best but is the least likely to be true.

J: But that's not it at all...

Romy: Is that the reason why you took matters into your own hands?

J: ...I simply could not agree with giving up on the investigation so easily.

Romy: It is not your place to question my decisions.

J: And your decision is to let the deaths of our comrades be in vain?

J: To ignore the culprit behind all this?

Romy: ...It looks like you don't value your job much.

J: ...!

Knock knock.

K: Pardon the intrusion, Director.

K: ...It's me, Kain Schwaben.

Romy: ...Enter.

K pushes the door open and enters the room, his face carefully blank. He inclines in a slight bow to Romy.

K: I have new information to report regarding the closure of the Galatea pharmaceutical plants.

Romy looks at K, then at J, who is bound to the chair. Her eyes flash with some kind of understanding.

She presses a button on a remote control and loosens J's bonds.

Romy: You may go.

J: ...That's it?

Romy: Yes. Enjoy your last few hours in the Stasi.

J is at his desk packing up his things.

K: Kevin, I have something to tell you...

K: What are you doing?

J looks up from the cardboard box he is packing.

J: I'm taking the first step in my vacation plan—a glorious retirement.

J: So says the old bitch.

???: ...

K can't help but frown at the crudity of J's speech.

That's when J notices an unfamiliar girl standing behind K.

K: ...Don't be so immature.

J: What, you think I'm kidding?

J puts down the things he's holding and focuses his attention on K.

K: You encounter a setback, so you just abandon your duty? That's pretty childish to me. You want to avenge Light, yet you're quitting your job.

K: Do you have multiple personality disorder or something?

J: Oh, give me a break! You think I WANT this? You're calling me immature for dropping the investigation. I DID try to pursue it, but that woman reamed me out—oh, I almost forgot, she skipped reaming and fired me on the spot.

K: ...

K takes a deep breath and draws close to J.

K: Take a good look around you... You see all these empty desks? This isn't targeted at you alone.

K: Think about who left and WHY they left. Use your brain, for God's sake.

J: ...Who cares? The only thing in my brain right now is the mansion.

K: Don't be rash. The only way you can stay on the case is by staying in the Stasi.

J: ...I suppose it's too late to apologize?

K: Relax.

K: She's put you on a new assignment. In other words, you aren't fired.

J: Wait... Did you sell your body or something?

K can't help but roll his eyes. He does not even bother to dignify J's question with a reply.

Instead, he steps back to make room, and J's gaze falls on the silent girl.

???: ...

K: Allow me to introduce Miss Mona. She is a Tactical Doll who has officially joined the Stasi recently.

Mona: ...Nice to meet you, Agent J.

J: She looks just like the real thing.

K: ...She was brought in at the request of Romy Riefenstahl, though this is still a trial posting.

K: Mona will be bringing you on operations from now on.

J: Excuse me, but did I mishear something? Who's the Doll here, me or her?

J: You mean she's going to be leading me?

K: These are orders from a superior.

K: Didn't you learn how to follow orders during Stasi agent training?

J: ...

J: Got it.

K: I'll let Mona explain the mission to you.

Mona: Very well. The recent closures of the Galatea pharmaceutical plants have brought several security issues to light.

Mona: We've received news from the Berlin police that crowds of protesters have gathered in front of the pharmaceutical plants.

Mona: We need to move out right now to prevent any attempts they might make to storm the premises.

J: Tsk... That's agent work for you.

J: Got it, I'm on it.

Mona nods, then turns to leave.

K: Kevin.

K: Hold on to this.

K hands a slip of paper to J. There is a phone number on it... But it is not a German phone number.

J memorizes the number and crumples it up. He looks up at K.

K: ...Call it when you're free.

K: It might come in handy.

J: ...Alright.

Gray Institute of Biotechnology, Galatea Corporation.

???: What are you looking at?

Mrs. Gray: A requisition form.

Gray looks at the list on the table. Her fingertips drum on the table every now and then, and her brow remains perpetually furrowed.

???: ...Is it from "her"?

Mrs. Gray: Yes.

Mrs. Gray: She sent a message, but refused to speak to me.

Mrs. Gray: ...She'll probably ignore everyone except Father or Teacher.

???: ...Gray.

Mrs. Gray: That woman...

Mrs. Gray: What is this? A declaration of war or a surrender?

???: Given her personality, I would say neither.

Mrs. Gray: Heh.

Mrs. Gray: Well, however repulsive she might be, right now I'm the one who controls how the mission proceeds.

???: ...Sending the order to you is a sort of assurance.

Mrs. Gray: Yes...

Mrs. Gray: In the end, the mission must be carried out, and it is almost time.

???: Indeed. The day on which the fireworks bloom has been decided, and none may change it.

Outside a closed-down Galatea pharmaceutical plant in Berlin City.

Protester: You sons of bitches! What are we supposed to do if you close down the plant?

Protester: Is the government trying to kill us?

Protester: We can't buy medicine anymore! There's no way we can survive like this!

Protester: What the hell are you trying to do?!

An angry crowd is gathered in front of the police line at the pharmaceutical plant, shouting and screaming with heartfelt anger.

Things are slowly getting too out of hand for the police to handle alone.

Mona: We've been tasked by Madam Romy to assist the police in dispersing the crowd and maintaining order.

Mona: I've read through reports concerning similar cases before we arrived, but this is much worse than what I was expecting.

Mona: What is your opinion?

J: ...As if my opinion is worth a damn.

J: Aren't you the one in charge here?

Mona: Yes, but you have been a Stasi agent much longer than I have, Agent J.

Mona: I believe your experience will be helpful in completing this mission. Is there a problem with that?

No matter how he looks at her, there is no doubt that Mona is one of "Romy's people".

They are not on the same side.

J: What else can we do... All she did was ask us to help maintain order.

J: Start by contacting the person in charge here and just play it by ear. If you can't even figure out that much on your own, then what business have you got being an agent?

Mona: ...

Mona nods silently at J with a strange look in her eyes.

J: (Why did Romy send me on such a pointless errand? Is this her way of telling me to "stay out of trouble"?)

J: (She even sent a Doll to keep an eye on me... God dammit.)

J: (I don't have time to waste in a place like this... )

Somewhere deep inside his eyes where Mona's gaze can't penetrate, a fire blazes up.
Part 12

12

Berlin, Germany.

Outside a closed-down Galatea pharmaceutical plant.

Mona: ...There's a total of six of them. We're turning them over to you now.

Police: Ah... We're really grateful to the two of you.

Police: We didn't expect these refugees would actually try to break into the plant. I don't know what we'd do if we were on our own.

Mona: Just doing our job.

J: This lot snuck into the hazardous materials storage amidst the confusion.

J: We need to check again, just in case.

Police: Yes, yes, of course... Honestly, we can't possibly take responsibility if anything happens.

Mona: In that case, we'll be counting on you to keep things under control here.

Police: Ah, yes, of course!

Police: Thank you, both of you!

J steps over the police cordon and enters the pharmaceutical plant, which is now without power since it has been shut down.

J: I can't believe they actually dared to make a move on this place...

Mona: Our intel indicates that this was not the first time they have done so.

J: Violent clashes aren't exactly unusual, but actually storming a building is something else entirely.

J: This is clearly a sign of something bad... It was just a pharmaceutical plant today, but it might well be City Hall tomorrow.

Mona: I see...

J: ...Tsk, who the hell's in charge here, anyway?

Mona: I believe it is reasonable for me to solicit your opinion... Agent J, are you sure you're not letting your unrelated emotions get in the way of communicating with me?

J: ...Humph.

It is still daytime right now, so even though the lights are out inside the pharmaceutical plant, the darkened interior is still illuminated by natural light.

Mona: ...

Mona suddenly comes to a halt.

J: What's wrong?

Mona: ...Your hunch was right. Someone is here.

J: ...!

Mona: ...

The two of them carefully and quietly move toward the direction where the sound is coming from.

J shoots Mona a glance. The latter gets the message and signals to him to stick to the walls while she circles around in the other direction.

J: You, in there! You're surrounded! Drop your weapons!

J: I repeat, you are surrounded! Surrender immediately!

???: Aieeeeee— W-wait! I'm not dangerous or anything!

???: Don't shoot!

J: ...

...A woman?

???: Aaaaahhhhh nooooo! Don't! Not, not so hard!

Mona: Target subdued! ...No weapons found, standing down from alert posture.

J puts his gun down. Inside the lab, the smashed glass from the window litters the ground. A young woman is currently pinned underneath Mona nearby.

???: I-I work here! Let go of me!

J: You work here?

Mona releases her grip but remains on guard.

Mona: ...She's not armed, and she's not trained either.

The unfamiliar woman sits up on the ground, still rubbing her wrists. She looks very put-upon...And definitely nothing like a terrorist.

J glances at her employee pass.

J: ...Cornelia Schaefer?

Nele: ...Just call me Nele.

J: Alright then, Frau Nele.

J: Would you mind telling us what exactly you're doing here?

Nele: This is the lab where I work! It's my workplace!

J: As you can see, the government has shut this place down. Didn't you see the cordon tape at the doorway?

J: What you've done is illegal entry and I have the right to take you into custody.

Nele: ...

J: Let's take her with us.

Mona nods, and a look of panic creeps across Nele's face.

Nele: Wait! I...I just came to pick up some personal items...

J: What kind of items would that be?

Nele tenses up visibly as she opens up a container that has fallen on the ground.

Inside are a stack of notes and several medicine bottles of varying sizes.

Nele: Th-this is the fruit of my labor!

Nele: I just... I simply wanted to... I simply wanted to continue working on it.

Mona reaches inside and rummages around.

Mona: It contains lab data and samples.

As J watches Mona poke through the medicine bottles, his pupils suddenly contract.

J: What is this?

Nele: I...I just told you... They're the results of my work...

J: And your job is—

Nele: ...I'm a pharmacological researcher.

J bites back his surprise and feigns nonchalance as he picks up a bottle, pointing to the smaller logo on the label.

J: Whose logo is this?

Nele: The Gray Institute of Biotechnology. We're a subsidiary lab of theirs.

J: The Gray Institute of Biotechnology...

Mona: What's wrong?

J: ...It's nothing.

J shakes his head and resumes his usual expression. He takes a step back and courteously makes room for Nele to leave.

J: In that case, if you don't mind, we would like to escort you out of here, Frau Nele.

J: Some thugs are protesting outside, and I'm concerned about your personal safety.

Nele: W-what? You? Escort me?

Even Mona looks confused—she has no idea what J has in mind.

J: Correct. I have no intention of doing anything to you.

Nele: I don't need an escort.

J: I insist.

J: If you persist in refusing, then I will have no choice but to report this matter.

Nele: ...

Nele gives J one long look but does not protest any further. She brushes past him and walks down the passage.

Mona: ...What are you up to?

J: ...Don't you think Galatea is acting very suspiciously here? They sent a worker to retrieve something from a locked-down facility.

J: Besides, we've finished our work here, there's no harm in doing a little extra snooping around.

J: Or are you going to tattle on me?

Mona: Not at all.

J: Then shut up.

Mona: ...

...This unassuming path is occupied by three very eye-catching individuals.

The unarmed Nele seems shorter than usual, sandwiched as she is between J and Mona.

Nele: How long do you plan on following me?

J: Until we're sure that you're safe.

Nele: I'm very safe right now!

J: I'll be the judge of that.

Mona: ...

J: So, you're an intern in Gray's lab?

Nele: I'm a research assistant, a full-fledged employee.

Nele: Being able to develop "Idunn" with Mrs. Gray is something that many people can only dream of doing!

J: So those bottles all contain prototypes for Idunn?

Nele: ...Yeah. If only the government were more efficient, it would've been on the market and doing good for the human race by now.

J: Oh? My, you're confident, my dear Frau Nele~

Nele: Of course, our experiments were very successful.

J: But to my knowledge, Mrs. Gray has long since fled after being charged with illegal research.

Nele: That's nonsense! The lab's still running as normal and there's work lined up for the various departments.

Nele: I came today to organize and collate the research data from our most recent experiment.

J: Really now? Then where is Mrs. Gray?

Nele: She's... Wait a minute, are you going to hassle her?

J: Oh, it's not me who wants to cause her trouble.

Nele: There have been a lot of thugs trying to make things difficult for Mrs. Gray, we've had to renovate the office many times already!

Nele: But I know her very well, she won't be scared off by such threats.

Nele: We might be dedicated to pharmacological research, but we're all prepared to fight any and all injustice to the bitter end!

J: Pffft!

Nele: ...Are you mocking me?

J: No, I'm laughing at you.

Nele stops in front of an apartment block.

Nele: Are you going to walk me all the way to my bedroom?

J: ...

J takes out his notebook and writes his contact number on a blank page before tearing it out.

J: You can call me if anything comes up.

Nele looks at J. She does not reach out to take it.

Nele: We didn't do anything wrong, and we're not plotting anything.

J: Then if nothing else, you can ask me out for a coffee. I know a pretty good place.

Nele: ...

Nele rolls her eyes, but she finally reaches out and takes the slip of paper from him.

Nele: Don't get your hopes up.

After waving goodbye to Nele, J turns around to signal Mona and the two walk down the street in the opposite direction.

Once she's sure that they're gone, Nele takes out her phone and dials a number.

???: Nele!

???: Where did you go?!

Nele: Don't ask!

Nele: I'm at, er... the AMANO Home apartment building.

Nele: Hurry and pick me up!

???: ...I'll be right there!

...

Vrooom...

At the sound of a revving engine, Nele raises her head and looks up.

???: Nele!

Screech!

The shrill sound of brakes echoes through the street. A car door opens and someone steps out from behind it.

Nele: Mia!

Mia: ...What are you doing all the way here?

Nele: Er... It's complicated.

Nele: In any case, I had to ditch some annoying people.

Nele: So listen to this, Mia! I got them back!

Nele waves the items in her hand at the Doll who has gotten out of the car and playfully sticks her tongue out at her.

Mia: Y-you really went back in there? But that place was sealed off!

Nele: Where there's a will, there's a way.

Mia: (Sighs) Oh, never mind. As long as you're okay. Let's head back.

Nele: Okay!

Nele plops herself down onto the front passenger seat without any hesitation whatsoever.

Nele: Let's head home!

Mia: ...Yeah.

Mia nods and fires up the engine again.

...

J: ...

Mona: ...Not going to stop her?

J: You're in charge, what would I know about that?

Mona: Don't forget, you're the one who wanted to follow her.

Mona: I never permitted this course of action in the first place.

J: You didn't allow it, but you came along anyway.

Mona: Why you—

Mona takes a deep breath. J is this close to wearing away all her patience.

Mona: Nevermind... Let's head back, then.

J: ...

As the two of them walk off side by side, J suddenly comes to a halt.

Mona: What's the matter?

J: You go back first, there's another place I have to go.

Mona: Are you going to run off on your own again?

J: It's a personal matter, I assure you.

Mona: ...It had better be.

Still suspicious, Mona turns and leaves by herself.

After ensuring she's long gone, J reaches into his pocket and fishes out the paper slip that K gave him.
Part 13

13

Screech—

Nele: Uwah—!

Nele: W-what's going on?

Nele: Why did you stop all of a sudden, Mia?

Mia: Sorry... But the road ahead is blocked.

Nele: Blocked?

Nele looks ahead. Several refugees are standing in the middle of the narrow road and blocking their way.

They're standing around a man who's lying on the ground and groaning, at a loss for what to do next.

Mia: Is it a car accident...?

Nele: ...No.

After taking a look at him, Nele's face falls.

She gets out of the front passenger seat and walks toward the refugees.

Mia: Nele! Wait for me!

Nele: ...Hey.

Refugee: ...!

Refugee: S-sorry, we didn't mean to block the road...

Nele: No... I'm not here to yell at you.

Nele: This man...

Nele enters the circle of people and crouches down to study the man who seems to be drifting in and out of consciousness.

These refugees all look worried, but none of them dare to approach him... And as expected, this is the reason why.

Nele: ELID...

Refugee: H-his body is starting to silicificate.

Refugee: We don't know what to do... If we get infected, we're dead, but we can't just leave him here.

Just then, a refugee sees Nele's outfit and comes to a realization.

Refugee: H-hey, Miss! Are you a doctor?

Nele: ...Me?

Nele: No... No, I'm not. But I can help examine him.

Mia steps warily between Nele and the agitated refugees, preventing them from doing anything too rash.

Nele smiles apologetically to the others, then begins a careful examination of the patient lying on the ground.

She puts on a set of disposable surgical gloves from her pocket and uses a small pair of scissors to cut open the man's sleeve.

Nele: (His epidermal layers have started to undergo silicification... But it's not as bad as they say.)

Nele: (While I can't say for sure without exploratory surgery, I believe it hasn't reached his muscle groups yet... )

Nele: (With adequate treatment, he might have a chance to make a recovery... )

Refugee: Miss! How is it?! Can my big bro be saved?!

Nele: Things aren't as bad as they look.

Nele: If he could undergo surgery or receive appropriate medical treatment, I think he might have a chance to make a full recovery.

Refugee: ...

The boy's face lights up with joy, but as Nele goes on, his expression immediately darkens again.

Nele: (Ah... )

Nele: (...If they could afford treatment, they wouldn't have ended up here..)

Mia: Nele...

Mia looks worriedly at the refugees, whose faces have turned grim.

Refugee: Miss... Are you really not a doctor?

Nele has already denied that once, but the boy asks again, still harboring hope.

Nele: I'm sorry...

Refugee: Arschmade!

One of the other refugees, an older man, kicks a nearby wall in anger.

Refugee: It's all because of those sons of bitches up top!

Refugee: Old Pete would never have gotten this sick if Idunn had gone on sale sooner!

Refugee: I heard there was a Saint at Bohnsdorf who could cure the sick, so we came all the way here to find her.

Refugee: But the village was gone, to say nothing of the Saint! Was it all a lie?!

Refugee: I saw her... She really could cure the sick.

Refugee: But she was kidnapped by someone a while back, then the village was destroyed. Nobody knows where she's gone.

Refugee: It must've been the government!

Nele: ...

Mia: Nele...

Nele bites her lip and unconsciously reaches into her pouch. Her fingers close around one of the bottles that she brought out of the lab.

Nele: (Idunn hasn't passed the Phase III trials yet... Using an unproven drug on ordinary civilians would be unforgivable.)

Old Pete: Water...

The refugees surrounding him immediately huddle close.

Refugee: Water... Who's got water?!

Refugee: I do! Here!

Refugee: Bro...

Nele: ...

After backing off to the periphery of the group, Nele observes the desperation and concern on the refugees' faces with conflicted feelings. She knows very well that this man won't last more than a few days if he does not receive the right medication or if he is not admitted to a hospital.

His current stage of ELID is the last one which is still treatable, and it is also the stage at which one's condition can most easily deteriorate.

Mia: Let's go, Nele.

Mia is about to circle around the refugees.

Nele: ...Tsk!

Nele grits her teeth, then pushes aside the refugees in front of her.

Mia: Nele?!

Refugee: Miss? What are you doing?

Nele: I'm a Galatea researcher. I have medicine.

Several refugees are moving to block her advance, but those words stop them in their tracks.

She hesitantly produces a syringe of Idunn experimental serum from her bag.

Mia: Nele, wait!

Mia tries to stop her.

Mia: Are you crazy?! If Mrs. Gray finds out, you won't just be fired, you know!

Nele: ...

Nele primes the syringe, pauses briefly, then begins cleaning an injection site.

Nele: Mrs. Gray once said, "We are here to save lives."

And with that, she plunges the needle into the man's arm.

Mia: Nele!

Nele: I have faith in Idunn... I believe it can effectively curb ELID.

Nele: That's why I joined Mrs. Gray's research team. Therefore...

Nele depresses the plunger and injects the entire dose into the man. Then she stands up and hurriedly backs away from the refugees crowding around her.

Old Pete: Urgh...

The man groans, but his consciousness is slowly returning.

Refugee: Big Bro!!

Nele shivers as she watches the refugees. She looks down at the empty bottle in her hand.

Nele: ...I couldn't just stand back and watch.

Mia: This will come back to bite you in the ass.

Nele: You don't say... Ugh, my head hurts...

Nele rubs her forehead, as the enormity of just what she had done gradually dawns on her.

Nele: Whether I regret it or not will be a thing for the future.

Mia: ...Let's go back.

Nele: Yeah.

At the sight of the now conscious man, Nele breathes a quiet sigh of relief.

...At the very least, this has got to count for something.
Part 14

14

Griffin Base, Area S09, Neo-Soviet Union.

Persica: Has Kalin been transferred to a specialized hospital?

Helian: Yes.

In the command room, Persica suddenly inquires with a steaming cup of coffee in her hand.

Persica: She does the most in-depth data compilation I have ever seen...

Persica: I hope her condition won't deteriorate any further.

Helian: Don't worry, Miss Persica.

Helian: While there might still be a shortage of medicine...

Helian: With enough care and the right treatment, she will definitely get better.

Persica: I hope so.

Persica: ...What about the juvenile Nytos?

Helian: They're now under Mr. Havier's temporary custody.

Persica: What a shame... That old geezer.

Helian: While Kalina is absent, if there is anything you need, just let me know.

Persica's face is lined with exhaustion.

Persica: The mood here is slightly better than at IOP.

Persica: But I didn't expect I'd still have to work overtime here...

Helian: Thanks to you, the recovery of our Dolls has been progressing very smoothly.

Persica: That goes without saying.

Persica: I didn't come here to ride the gravy train.

Helian: When the Commander returns, I'm sure they will also be glad to learn—

Click.

Just then, the communicator lets out a chirp.

Helian: ...

Helian: ... Caller unknown?

Persica: Hm?

After a brief moment of hesitation, Helian decides to take the call.

Helian: This is Griffin Base S09.

Helian: State your business.

...

...

Berlin, Germany.

Clink.

After the waiter puts down the beverages, the two men sitting on the sofa clink glasses lightly.

???: The situation in Berlin has been rather tumultuous lately, I hope you didn't mind the abrupt invitation to this meeting, Earl.

Griffin: With the help of the Nationale Volksarmee, I'm sure this so-called "turmoil" is no more than insignificant ripples on the surface of a lake, General Schweinsteiger.

Schweinsteiger: How many regimes' collapse started with such "insignificant ripples"? As the Minister of Defense, I am not so confident.

Heinrich Schweinsteiger, Minister of Defense of the German Democratic Republic and Vice-President of the National Defense Council.

A man holding such important positions can only have the most extraordinary amount of experience.

Griffin: Well, it's your job to worry about such things, though I believe you didn't invite me here just for this glass of German brandy?

Schweinsteiger: You haven't changed at all, Earl. We haven't seen each other for more than a decade, have we?

Griffin: 14 years.

Schweinsteiger: Can't believe it's been that long already. We were still relatively young then. What was your job again? You were a journalist?

Griffin: Just the chief editor of a small news agency. What, reminiscing about wartime?

Schweinsteiger: Why would anyone reminisce about that, Earl?

Schweinsteiger: There's nothing nostalgic about sending young people into trenches. However, in order to prevent that from happening again, we must never forget. Isn't that right, Mr. Journalist?

Griffin: ...

Schweinsteiger: Forgive me for being blunt, but what are you doing in Berlin these days?

Griffin: Enjoying a hard-earned vacation, nothing more.

Schweinsteiger: It may be a vacation to you, but your presence is giving a lot of people in the government a massive headache.

Griffin: The conference that will decide the future is about to begin. Consider my visit necessary for some preparatory work.

Schweinsteiger: Earl, we both know full well what you're doing here and on whose behalf.

Schweinsteiger: It's no secret where the Council stands on this matter and what the party thinks of this.

Schweinsteiger: I've got to remind you—the Nationale Volksarmee has its own standpoint and considerations, and the German people know how to tell friends and foes apart.

Schweinsteiger: Please respect our decision.

Griffin: It would be a shame if it really had to come to that.

Schweinsteiger: I agree, which is why you must exercise restraint to prevent it from coming to that.

Griffin: Can I take this as a warning from our "friend"?

Griffin lifts his glass again.

Schweinsteiger: Hahahaha, nobody is warning you, Earl.

Schweinsteiger: It's just a piece of friendly advice to save us all from an awkward situation.

Schweinsteiger: After all, the founding of the Union of Rossartrism is just around the corner, and every single one of us has a duty to defend the Union's interests.

Griffin: But of course. The future of Europe hinges on Germany's decision, and Germany's future hinges on your decision.

Griffin: So may I construe this as your official reply to the Council?

Schweinsteiger: Good God, not at all. I'm just an old man who wants to spend some time catching up with you.

Griffin: Alright, then I'll look forward to "Faust" tonight.

Schweinsteiger: But speaking of which, tension has been on the rise again, especially once the conference was scheduled.

Schweinsteiger: Oberstein has been very troubled ever since he returned from London. Please tell me the truth, Earl.

Schweinsteiger: What really happened in London?

Griffin: The future.

Schweinsteiger: The future?

Griffin: That's right, General. It has always been the future that the Council sets its eyes on.

Schweinsteiger: The "future" is such a vague term. At this point, Germany can only afford to focus on the present.

Griffin: Have you ever considered the fact that it is precisely because the future is obscured that we find every single passing day so riddled with hardship?

Griffin: There will always be some people who can't see the situation for what it is, but time will always be on our side.

Schweinsteiger: That's true, time is on our side... Until this run-down building gets knocked down.

Schweinsteiger takes out an exquisite-looking invitation card and places it on the table.

Schweinsteiger: We are now at the crossroads of fate. One wrong choice and we will go down in history as villains.

Schweinsteiger: We must do our duty to our countries. Is a stable Europe part of the future you mentioned?

Griffin: Of course.

Schweinsteiger: Then have a chat with my friend here. Maybe we can turn a new page together.

Griffin: ...

Griffin looks down at the address written on the invitation. He knows exactly who will be waiting for him there.

This must be Faust's deal.

Griffin: Please inform Mr. Oberstein that I most graciously accept his invitation.

Griffin rises to his full height and is just about to stow the invitation in his pocket.

But Schweinsteiger keeps his fingers pressed on the invitation, with seemingly no intention of handing it over just yet.

Griffin: What is the meaning of this?

Schweinsteiger: There's another personal matter.

Griffin: ...Please go ahead.

Schweinsteiger: Oberstein... is plagued by the past because of something.

Schweinsteiger: At this point, I believe I have the right to know what it is.

Griffin: I'm sure you know me much better than I do.

Schweinsteiger: Lunasia.

Griffin: ...

Schweinsteiger: Oberstein's daughter.

Schweinsteiger: What exactly happened back then?

Griffin eyes the general before him and suddenly realizes... he has not taken a single sip out of his wine glass.

...

On the outskirts of Berlin, Germany.

Commander: ...

Moist soil slips through the Commander's fingers as they stare at the freshly relaid earth in a daze.

RO635: Sorry, Commander...

RO635: This is all we could find.

Commander: That's alright.

The Commander takes the long piece of metal sheet from RO635 and sticks it in the ground in front of them.

"Here lies two pure souls...

"who gave their lives to light a candle of hope for the world."

UMP45: It's probably for the best that we leave out their names.

Commander: ...Someone will remember them. We will, at the very least.

The Commander clasps their hands together and closes their eyes in silent prayer.

After a short while, they stand up and dust themselves off.

M4 SOPMOD II: A-Are we really not taking them back with us?

ST AR-15: We don't have time for this... We're in enough danger as it is.

ST AR-15: We'll only regret it if any harm comes to their bodies.

ST AR-15: This is a good spot... It's remote and quiet, and the view is nice.

UMP45: You do have a point, and I must applaud your excellent choice.

UMP45: If I ever need to be laid to rest, could you take care of my funeral?

ST AR-15: ...

Ignoring UMP45's quip, ST AR-15 silently follows the Commander's gaze and contemplates the crude and simple gravestone.

Commander: Let's go.

ST AR-15: Okay.

UMP45 watches on. Then with a shrug, she turns around and heads back toward their vehicle.

UMP9: 45, this is bad!

Commander: ...What's wrong?

While everyone else is in solemn mourning, UMP9 suddenly calls out urgently from inside the vehicle.

416: Get in!

Commander: What happened?

416 turns her head angrily and glares at the restrained Morridow.

416: What we were dreading came true after all.

416: This bitch somehow opened a crack during our interrogation and broke through the electronic seal for a short period of time.

416: Though we pulled out just in time and closed down the signal flow...

416: She still managed to get a message out.

RO635: What? What did she send?

UMP45: I don't know, but if it were me, I would definitely go with—

Commander: —Our location.

Commander: SOP-II, AR-15!

Commander: Get—

BOOM!!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Aiiieee?!

416: Commander, watch out!!

The loud explosion is followed by chaos.

At that moment, the Commander feels the world spinning upside down all around.

The blast has sent their vehicle rolling.

Commander: Ugh...!

UMP9: Not good, 45!

UMP9: A large Paradeus force is closing in!

ST AR-15: Commander, are you alright?!

ST AR-15 rushes over to drag the Commander out of the overturned vehicle.

In their state of confusion, the Commander can just make out the fast approaching white battalion.

Commander: ...RO, 45, prepare to sortie!

RO635: Roger!

UMP45: Like we ever had a choice... Let's move it!
Part 15

15

On the outskirts of Berlin, Germany.

Commander: ...Huff... Huff...

Braced against the overturned vehicle, the Dolls finally manage to eliminate Paradeus' forces.

UMP45: Good thing it was just a small unit... We probably won't be so lucky next time.

UMP45: Is the vehicle still operational?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hah!

SOP-II tries to flip the vehicle back onto its wheels.

Thunk!

ST AR-15: There'll be hell to pay if you play this kind of trick again!

ST AR-15: You think we really won't kill you?!

In her wrath, ST AR-15 punches Morridow viciously.

Morridow: ...

Morridow's only response to the Doll's violence is a low grunt.

Commander: Stop it, 15... Don't waste your strength on her.

Commander: Go and help the others.

ST AR-15: (Exhales) Sorry.

ST AR-15 shoots Morridow another dirty look, and while she still fights the urge to just blow her brains out, skelters off to join her comrades and checks on the unconscious Dandelion.

Morridow: ...Cool as a cucumber, aren't you, my Commander~?

Commander: Shut up.

Morridow: Oh~? I thought you captured me to get me to talk.

Morridow: I thought you'd want me to do the opposite of shutting up~

Commander: You can save me that load of crap.

Morridow: But from what I can see in our memory, you were very kind and gentle to my sister.

Commander: She was nothing like you... She would never take innocent lives for her own ends.

Morridow: Oh? Is that what bothers you, Commander? You, whose hands are also soaked in blood?

Morridow: Heh... I suppose a bud sprouting in the soil does still yearn for light. So that's the sort of thing you're into, I see.

Morridow: Next time, I'll humor you.

Commander: ...

RO635: Commander!

RO635 comes over, interrupting the Commander and Morridow's conversation.

RO635: ...A transmission from the base.

Commander: ...

The Commander shoots Morridow another glance, then turns and follows RO635 to the other side.

Commander: It's me.

Helian: ...I'm very glad to see that you're doing well, Commander.

Commander: Miss Helian? How's Kalina? Is she alright?

Helian: Relax, Kalina is perfectly fine.

Helian: We have already transferred her to a specialized hospital.

Helian: The juvenile Nyto known as Anna has also been sent to Havier for research.

Commander: Right... Oh, sorry.

Commander: You must have called me for a particular reason. Is something the matter?

Helian: You could say that.

J: Hello, Commander.

Commander: ...!

Commander: Y-you are...?

J: A Stasi agent and a colleague of K's. You may call me J.

Commander: I see now... You're the one who's been helping Ange this whole time.

The Commander murmurs with rueful understanding, then lapses into silence.

They didn't expect that to be the last time they would hear from Ange.

Now... there is even more work to do.

Commander: We are very grateful for your continued support.

Commander: We won't forget the favors that you and K have done us.

J: Wow, you're not like Ange at all. Anyway, let's not waste time on this kind of empty small talk.

Commander: ...

J: ...The fact that K has given me your contact information means he trusts you.

J: I trust K, and I trust Ange, which is why I've decided to place my bet on you.

J: Isn't it the same for you?

Commander: ...You're right.

Commander: But regardless, thank you very much for getting in touch with me.

J: ...As you know, Paradeus' infiltration into our country is far more deep-seated and extensive than we expected.

J: There's no telling whom we can really trust. Working together is our only hope of averting catastrophe.

Commander: ...

The Commander rubs their forehead and forces themselves to remain calm.

Commander: What do you need me to do?

J: ...As I've said, I'm now under surveillance so I can't get around freely.

J: There are many things that I can't really do at the moment, but you have no such limitations.

J: I will supply you with intelligence, and in return, I'd like you to share your findings with me.

Commander: ...

J: ...My colleague was killed in that mansion.

J: But Ange could still be alive. We might still have a chance to rescue her.

Commander: ...This is Ange we're talking about.

Commander: She couldn't have kicked the bucket just like that.

J: You see? I knew we could come to an agreement.

Commander: Right. Then let's keep in touch.

J: Alert me at once if you have any new discoveries. I'll do the same.

Commander: Understood.

Click.

Call ended.

RO635: ...Can we really trust a guy who popped up completely out of the blue?

Commander: He contacted me using K's cipher.

Commander: Considering our circumstances, having an extra lead is not a bad thing.

RO635: I see. Then right now...

Commander: ...We have more questions to ask our prisoner.

RO635: Understood.

...

...

Berlin State Opera, Berlin, Germany.

The opera house is soon abuzz with activity and conversation. Then a female singer takes center stage and bursts into song.

???: Kein Traum ist dieses Glück!

???: Ich halte dich umfangen ♪

Her sweet and mellow voice has a certain mesmerizing quality that keeps the audience enthralled.

Schweinsteiger: She has a captivating voice.

Oberstein: And your tastes are as refined as ever.

The legendary Minister Rudolf von Oberstein himself is sitting in a private box on the left alcove.

The center of power in the entire German Democratic Republic is currently gathered here in this very opera house.

The curtain falls. It is now the intermission.

Schweinsteiger: Minister Oberstein, a gift from our friend brought to you all the way from the Soviet Union.

Oberstein: Ha, Moskovskaya vodka...

Oberstein: Looks like someone is reminding me not to step out of line.

Oberstein: Hm... It's been so long I've almost forgotten the taste.

Schweinsteiger: He really knows what you like...

Oberstein lifts his shot glass and peers at it with narrowed eyes.

Oberstein: Let's get down to business. Has he accepted our invitation?

Schweinsteiger: Yes, he knew from the start that the invitation was from you.

Oberstein: Of course. He is no simple man.

Schweinsteiger: I'm beginning to understand why you have chosen to deal with him. However, isn't this too risky?

Schweinsteiger: It's not a good idea to antagonize a member of the Council. Even the Swiss don't dare to get on the URNC's bad side. If they find out...

Oberstein: I see that not only do you wish to befriend the Earl, you are also quite chummy with the Swiss.

Oberstein: Still, money doesn't necessarily buy one a friend. One could end up buying a dog.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Oberstein: Hahahahaha...

Oberstein: Don't worry, General. I promise there will not be another large-scale disarmament like the one in 51. However...

Schweinsteiger: That's not my greatest concern. More importantly...

Oberstein: Let's resume this discussion some other time. Our friend has arrived.

Right on cue, Oberstein's secretary speaks from outside the private box.

Secretary: Minister, Lord Griffin is here.

Schweinsteiger: Please let him in.

Secretary: Yes, sir.

A moment later, the door is opened. The two men rise to receive their late guest.

Oberstein: Earl, you're late. You missed a spectacular soprano in the first half of the performance.

Griffin: Apologies. I didn't expect the traffic to be so terrible in Berlin when it's rainy.

Griffin: It's been a long time, Minister Oberstein. The last time we met was in '62, yet you still cut a striking figure.

Oberstein: Thank you. The last time I saw you was during that conference on European IT standards in London, wasn't it? Back then you were... still a "secretary" working at the Cabinet Office.

Griffin: Do excuse my humble beginnings.

Oberstein: Well, thank you for your gift. It brings back memories of the reconstruction era.

Griffin: I thought you disliked vodka.

Oberstein: And I thought Brits disliked leaving their quaint little island, yet here you are, making yourself at home in Berlin.

Griffin: ...

Griffin returns Oberstein's gaze evenly. Then they both burst into laughter. Having watched the entire exchange on the edge of his seat, the general surreptitiously breathes a sigh of relief.

Schweinsteiger: My friends, let's all sit down comfortably before we continue.

Oberstein: Please.

Griffin: After you.

The three men slowly sit down. Oberstein is the first to speak.

Oberstein: Earl, we never had the chance to have a proper conversation even though you've been in Berlin for quite a while. I'll cut straight to the chase.

Oberstein: Why exactly is the Council so interested in Berlin?

Griffin: It's because of the smell, Minister.

Griffin: The smell in the air on the eve of a storm. The smell of blood.

Schweinsteiger: You believe a storm is coming?

Griffin: I believe we are here to discuss how to stop it.

Oberstein: Oh? Then is there anything I can do to clear the air of the smell of blood?

Griffin: Certainly. Where there is a will, there is a way. This bit of stench won't be much of a problem as long as it's dealt with in a timely fashion.

Griffin: After all, I doubt anyone wants to plunge the world into chaos.

Oberstein: ...

Oberstein: Earl, I hope you forgive the current state of disorder in Berlin. Germany is at a watershed moment.

Griffin: I am quite curious, esteemed Minister Oberstein, about how this state of disorder will be resolved and where Germany's future lies. More importantly, which future will you choose?

Oberstein: Do you believe we even have a future in this crumbling house?

Griffin: Is it necessary to knock it down, then? So who is going to give it a good kick? You?

Schweinsteiger: Earl, you...

Oberstein: It's quite alright, General Schweinsteiger.

Oberstein: We should be heartened that a guest from faraway shows such great concern for our country...

Griffin: I thank you for your understanding. Please believe me when I say that I genuinely wish for a bright and prosperous future for Europe.

Oberstein: Do you know when was the first time I drank this vodka, Earl?

Oberstein: It was around ten years ago in an air-raid shelter. My lieutenant poured us both a shot to calm our nerves. I can still clearly recall his grin even after all this time.

Oberstein: So you don't have to ask me how to put an end to this state of disorder. Our Soviet friends are very experienced in this regard.

Griffin: True, but right now they're rather occupied by their own troubles, so unfortunately, they won't have time to share their valuable experience with you.

Oberstein: Then you must remind them to take care of themselves. Winter in Siberia can be brutally cold.

Griffin: You have a point. Let us drink to their long-lasting health.

Oberstein: Indeed. To their health.

Oberstein raises his glass and downs his vodka in a gulp.

Oberstein: Thank you for coming tonight, Earl. Germany has already wasted too much time in our past squabbles and turmoil. This time, we must not make the wrong choice.

Oberstein: And it goes without saying that I hope to see you in Germany's future.

Oberstein gets to his feet and pulls open the drapes behind the private box.

Oberstein: Thank you for inviting me, General Schweinsteiger.

Oberstein: But I must get back early tonight and continue serving my country tomorrow. Goodnight, gentlemen.

Oberstein turns and exits the box.

Griffin: He still hasn't left it behind.

Schweinsteiger: Who can really say they have, Earl?

...
Part 16

    16chevron_right

In the Neo-Soviet Union...

(Rustling)

The drifting snowflakes fall to the ground, crackling delicately as they disappear under a leather boot.

Winter is coming earlier and earlier in the Neo-Soviet Union.

The man in plain clothes walks in slowly from the entrance of the cemetery, leaving a long trail of footprints behind him.

He stands before the cenotaph and raises his head.

He has engraved every name on it in his heart.

Carter: Phew...

As he exhales a cloud of white mist, Carter can keenly feel the coldness of early winter.

Behind him, a uniformed soldier approaches slowly, an umbrella in hand.

Soldier: ...Sir, the report has been accepted by the Secretary.

Soldier: You are currently relieved of all duties and are to remain in your current position to await further instructions.

Carter: Relieved of all duties...

Carter: ...Is that all?

Soldier: ...Yes, sir.

Carter: I hold no delusions that Zelinsky is that kind.

Carter: Perhaps the people on top are still thinking of the sacrifices I've made for the Motherland.

Soldier: Sir...

Carter: What about Captain Yegor's family?

Soldier: ...Captain Yegor was branded as a traitor.

Soldier: We could not treat him as a martyr, so... all we could do was arrange for his family to move elsewhere.

Carter: It's a shame.

Soldier: Sir?

Carter: It's a shame that a hero who fought for his nation does not even have the right to be buried in the land he was born in.

Carter: Such a country is no longer the motherland that we've sacrificed everything for.

Carter looks up at the cenotaph, which is covered in countless names. He takes out a document with an opened seal.

Soldier: Sir... What is that?

Carter: ...Just a contract.

After taking another long, hard look at the document in his hands, Carter turns and slowly walks toward the cemetery's exit.

Soldier: Sir! Where are you going?!

Carter: ...

...To the border.

Stasi Interrogation Room, Berlin, Germany.

The sealed interrogation room is cut off from all kinds of signals, listening devices, and daylight.

It is silent, and 100% suited for waiting.

K: ...

Mona: ...

The oppressive mood here does not come from the seated people, but the person pacing back and forth is most definitely filling the air with tension...

J: Is she coming or not? She calls us over saying it's urgent and then she leaves us hanging?

J: Hello! I'm a subordinate, not a criminal!

J: ...Come on, you two, say something!

J: I've never seen a leader like her before! Hell, I've never seen a woman like her before!

J: I have no idea what the hell she's thinking! If she has so little regard for us, then she shouldn't have called us over in the first place!

J: All the brass know how to do is send ornamental vases over, would it kill them to spare a thought for us—

Wham!

The door to the room flies open with a mighty kick and the tall, imposing "ornamental vase" in question storms in, slamming the door shut behind her.

J: ...

Romy: This mission is codenamed "Neo". Our objective is to find a missing cargo truck.

Romy: It went missing between Segments C6 and C9 of Autobahn A109.

A picture flies out and lands in front of K. The extremely low resolution means that the only thing they can make out is the silhouette of a truck.

J: Police work again...

Romy's eyes sweep over to him. J immediately swallows the words he was about to say and shuts up.

Romy: All the highway surveillance footage along this region was destroyed. You must recover the vehicle and its cargo.

K: Understood. What resources do we have...?

Romy: Only the personnel present. You are not to leave any traces behind during the course of this mission.

Romy: Also, don't overstep your boundaries.

K: Understood.

Romy: Schwaben, this is the first job I have assigned you.

K: I am honored to have gained your trust.

Romy: You didn't get this assignment because I trust you. You got it because your record proves that you are suited to this job.

Romy: Any questions?

J: ...

Mona: ...

K: No questions. You've made yourself very clear.

Romy: Make sure you check in on time.

K: Yes, ma'am.

Romy nods, then pivots on her heels and leaves.

It has been less than a minute since she entered, but the tension in the air fades with the sound of the closing door.

Inside a Stasi office.

Large, crude letters fly across the display board. K turns around, then spins the stylus in his hand.

K: These are our upcoming work arrangements.

J: ...Are you serious?

K: Do I look like I'm kidding?

J: ...Schwaben, did she drug you or something?

J: We have a blurry photo and a stretch of Autobahn long enough to race on.

J: Could she be making it any more obvious that she's messing with us?! It's so simple that even I could see through it, how come you can't?!

Mona: I do not believe that is Madam Romy's intention.

Mona: Also, this mission is of the utmost secrecy. She would not have assigned it to people she did not trust.

J: Do I look like someone she trusts?

Mona: Everyone in the bureau knows the two of you work very well together and you have lots of experience in handling such things.

J: Humph.

Mona: You are more experienced than me when it comes to these matters.

Mona: How should we proceed?

K: Things don't just vanish into thin air. We need to check the transport route. I'll feel better letting you handle that. Take note—time is very tight.

Mona: Understood. I'll go now.

J: You take your time.

J flops down on a nearby sofa and turns on the TV.

Shadowless: An ELID patient in Berlin has suddenly developed symptoms of shock and has been admitted to the ICU in St. Marien's Hospital.

Shadowless: According to our sources, said patient claims to have been dosed with a drug produced by Galatea Corporation, but Galatea claims that the product in question has not yet passed the Phase III trials and is not being distributed on the market through any channels. The truth of the matter warrants further investigation.

Shadowless: This incident not only highlights the chaotic situation of the drug market, but also the negligence of the National Drug Regulatory Administration!

Shadowless: Many Galatea pharmaceutical plants have been shut down recently, pushing back the release of Idunn indefinitely and slowing the development of therapeutic medicines.

Shadowless: The suffering patients have no choice but to seek aid through unorthodox means. Such incidents can only be stopped if the government puts the lives of the people first and gives them safe and reliable channels through which they can purchase legitimate medicines!

On the streets of Berlin.

Ka-click.

Fara: Heehee, Shadowless looks really good against the backdrop of this big screen today... Hm, I wonder if one of Galatea's rivals is trying to deliberately stir something up—

Fara: Hm? You are...?

A beautiful face suddenly presses itself up in front of her. This woman looks like she has just stepped off a fashion spread.

???: Excuse me, miss, but may I check your camera?

Fara: ...Uh, s-sure...

Fara hands her camera over. All she sees is the woman's alluring eyes and the curve of her lips.

???: So you were taking pictures of Shadowless.

???: She sure is popular.

Fara: Hm?

???: And here I thought you were taking pictures of me~ Ah, I guess I was merely flattering myself.

Fara: Oh! Then... may I take a picture of you now?

???: Hm, my makeup today isn't the best. Some other time, maybe~
Part 2: 2-1-GD-1 (Seems to be out of place? Maybe a flashback or intermission?)

2

Bang bang bang!

Ferocious firepower knocks her down amidst a jigsaw puzzle of shattered glass.

???: ...Urk, th-that hurts!

Densely-packed prickles of pain crawl along her limbs and up her spine. She tries to writhe forward, to no avail.

The fragments of broken glass by her hands reflect her wretched face.

???: Who... Whose face is this?

White Nyto: No. 10876, facial data detection successful.

White Nyto: Attack data detection failed. Defense data detection failed...

The girl in white can't be bothered to pay any attention to the machine reading out information behind her. She claws wildly at her face.

???: ...No, this isn't my face!

White Nyto: Disguise assessment... Failed.

The hollow-eyed girl in white hands down the final verdict of the assessment.
Part 3: 2-1-GD-2 (Intermission?)

3

???: Who... Who are you?

Suddenly, a girl with a face that's identical to hers appears before her.

Morridow: ...I am No. 10954.

???: Why do you look like me? Are you... Are you my little sister?

The girl's face twists into a cruel, mocking smile.

Morridow: Ha, you've got some nerve! A defective specimen dares claim to be the original?

Morridow: You have a number too, and if you have a number, you're not the original, got that?

???: ...No! I'm a human... I have a name... I have a name...

Morridow: In that case... What IS your name?

???: My... My name is...

???: No... Who... Who am I...?

She stares into the girl's eyes, which are gleaming with cryptic amusement. Her mind feels empty, like a jacket that has been run through a washer.

All that's left are empty pockets and shredded lint.
Part 4: 2-1-GD-3 (Intermission?)

4

The girl in black respectfully approaches the girl in white who is checking a list of names.

Black Nyto: Sister, Father said that this batch of test products are of extremely low quality, so they can be retained if they meet just one criterion.

White Nyto: Yes, I understand.

The girl in white looks up from the name list and looks around as if she is clearing out excess items clogging up a warehouse.

White Nyto: From today onwards, you are all "Morridow".

And so, the girls' fates have been decided, just like that.

???: That's not my name! I'm not Morridow... My name isn't Morridow...

Some girls cry out in defiance of their fate.

Morridow: Yes, I am "Morridow".

But many more calmly accept the shackles of their destiny.
Part 5: 2-1-GD-4 (Intermission?)

5

Amidst the confusion, she hurriedly grabs the arm of her sister who bears the same face.

???: Sister! I've found a way out... Let's run!

She has been waiting for this fleeting opportunity for far too long.

???: Come again?

???: I said, we can flee while they aren't paying attention...

Her hand is smacked away.

???: No, what I'm asking is... what did you just call me?

???: What's wrong, sister?

Her sister bursts out laughing. She laughs so hard she doubles over.

???: Sis...Sister?! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA~!

???: What... are you laughing at...?

???: Oh, I won't leave this place.

???: On top of that, I won't let you leave either.

Her "sister" suddenly stops laughing, and presses the alarm button on the wall with a slender finger...
Part 6: 2-1-GD-5 (Intermission?)

6

She stands at the edge of a deep ravine, gazing with satisfaction over the corpses of the little girls that fill it.

Morridow: Now then, am I the only "Morridow" left?

White Nyto: Yes, Big Sister.

Morridow: She looks away from the ravine and turns to size up the "inferior product" standing before her.

White Nyto: What is your bidding, Big Sister?

Morridow: Get on your knees and bark like a dog.

White Nyto: ...

White Nyto: Yes, Big Sister.

The "inferior product" immediately falls to her knees and imitates a dog.

White Nyto: Arf arf arf...

Morridow: What a good girl you are~ I like girls who do as they're told, hahahahaha~

Her maniacal laughter echoes through the ravine...
Part 7: 2-2

7

On the outskirts of Berlin.

By a road lined with verdant trees stands a small and rather decrepit house.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Wheezes) What's with this rickety house?! This can't be the place that J guy is sending us to, right?

RO635: Stop complaining and get to work, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright, alright!

M4 SOPMOD II: This place looks so beat-up. Can it even be used?

RO635: It does look a bit old, but it's actually quite well-equipped. There's even a vehicle for us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh! Hold on, why are we the only ones doing the cleaning?!

RO635: We'd already be done by now if you hadn't wasted so much time jabbering.

RO635 picks up their cleaning equipment and pushes SOP-II into the house.

The others remain outside, organizing their ammo and firearm reserves. Everyone looks solemn and exhausted.

UMP45: I can see from your face that you've already come up with thousands of ways of dealing with Morridow.

ST AR-15: ...

UMP45: If you can't hold it in, do share them with me. I'm sure your ideas will be way more hair-raising than Gr G11's horror flicks.

Commander: I know how you feel, 15, but Morridow may still be of use to us.

ST AR-15: I understand, Commander.

UMP45: It won't be easy getting information out of her.

ST AR-15: How hard can it be? I can get her to talk as long as she has a mouth.

UMP45: I also know how to conduct an interrogation, but the main problem is we're only safe for the time being.

UMP45: Even with the temporary safe house, with Morridow's skills, it's only a matter of time for her to break through the signal barrier and get a message out.

UMP45: If we don't solve this issue, we'll have to keep switching locations.

Commander: If Paradeus takes her away, all our efforts will have been for nothing...

ST AR-15: Can't you break her comms module?

UMP45: It won't do any good. Only an electronic lock would work on her.

UMP45: Unfortunately, the only person who can create one... is still in dreamland.

ST AR-15: Then when will she be able to do that?

ST AR-15: Break through the signal barrier, I mean.

UMP45: Hard to say. After all, a Nyto's neural cloud... or virtual cognition image?

UMP45: Well, it may look like our neural space, but it's actually a completely different system.

UMP45: I can try hacking it, but my method would be rather crude.

Commander: In that case—

Screeeeeee—

At that moment, an extraordinary noise suddenly comes through the Commander's communicator.

The shrill shriek pierces the Commander's human eardrums. The two Dolls are also displaying reactions of intense pain.

ST AR-15: Argh...!!

UMP45: It's... a neural attack...!!

ST AR-15 collapses onto the ground, her limbs spasming out of control.

UMP45 is faring a lot better in comparison, but even she is struggling to move.

Commander: 15?!

The Commander hurriedly turns off the communicator and stares at the collapsed ST AR-15 in alarm.

Commander: Dammit! We're already under attack?!

UMP45: G-Get out of here... Commander...!

The Commander, the only one unaffected, is caught in a dilemma.

They can't just leave the Dolls behind!

Screeeeee!!

UMP45: Oof!

The sharp noise rings out again, and UMP45, who was frozen to the spot just a second ago, is released from her invisible binds.

ST AR-15: Ugh...!

The spasming ST AR-15 also returns to normal, but she is still sprawled on the ground from the exertion.

UMP45: I have never come across EM interference of such intensity...

Still shaken, UMP45 grips her gun warily.

ST AR-15: We must...Prepare for a counterattack... Where is the enemy?

Leaning against a wall, ST AR-15 gets to her feet feebly as she scans the surroundings cautiously.

Commander: ...

However, throughout the initial neural attack, the safe house has been utterly still and quiet.

The enemies everyone is expecting have not shown up. UMP45 and ST AR-15 exchange bemused glances.

What on earth just happened?

Commander: ...Are both of you alright?

ST AR-15: ...I'm okay now.

UMP45: I took a hit, but it only lasted a second.

Still feeling very tense and uneasy, UMP45 gets in touch with UMP9.

UMP45: 9? Respond if you copy.

UMP9: 45? What is it?

UMP45: Did you feel anything just now?

UMP9: No?

UMP9 is her usual self. Nothing seems to have happened to her whatsoever.

ST AR-15: Did they not notice anything?

UMP45: Looks like it. I suppose the phenomenon was localized to where we are?

ST AR-15: Localized...

Suddenly struck by a thought, ST AR-15 turns to look at the entrance of the safe house.

ST AR-15: Crap! RO and SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: WAAAAH!!!

As if to confirm ST AR-15's suspicions, SOP-II's scream comes from within the safe house.

On a shaded boulevard, an oblivious moth lands lightly on Gray. She pinches its wings delicately.

Then she brings her hands gently together...And slowly pushes them against each other... She spreads her hands...

And the moth is now lifeless.

White Nyto: ...

Black Nyto: W-We... couldn't lock onto their latest position...

Black Nyto: We have already deployed all our scouts, but Morridow's signal was very weak...

Black Nyto: T-Then we lost it altogether several minutes ago. We can't trace it...

Mrs. Gray: Save the explanation.

Mrs. Gray: What about you?

The Nyto being addressed shudders and answers carefully.

White Nyto: We cracked the data from the previous transmission. They seem to point towards these locations.

Mrs. Gray: Right. Send me the floor plans of all three factories.

White Nyto: They have been sent to you...

White Nyto: But these factories are all abandoned... W-What do we do next?

Mrs. Gray: Find something from the factories and put them in there. Make sure they're less than 50% complete.

White Nyto: ...Understood.

Mrs. Gray: You.

Gray raises her chin.

Black Nyto: A-awaiting orders!

Mrs. Gray: Go and set up a surveillance system. Don't leave any blind spots.

Black Nyto: Yes, ma'am!

Black Nyto: But...

Mrs. Gray: Go on.

Black Nyto: The place has been abandoned for too long, I'm afraid the power supply will not be able to support the surveillance equipment...

Mrs. Gray: That's fine. We still have time.

White Nyto: Should I... send sentries over there?

Mrs. Gray: No need. I'm going in person.

White Nyto: Yes, ma'am.

After a pause, Gray tosses the corpse of the moth away.

The Nytos look at each other... uncertain whether they should leave. Gray glances at them.

Mrs. Gray: Get to work.

White Nyto: Yes, Ma'am.

The Nytos take their leave, and Gray lets out a long sigh.

She dials someone's number on her communicator.

???: ...You look dog tired.

Mrs. Gray: I am. I just hope it will go smoothly this time.

Mrs. Gray: It's just been trouble after trouble. Tell those at Galatea to take better care.

???: Thank goodness we have you.

Mrs. Gray: ...If only she'd think so as well.

???: She'll probably be able to tell...

Mrs. Gray: But who cares about her? She'll have to ask for my help eventually.

Mrs. Gray: The "goods" are still with me, after all.

???: True.

???: I'm almost done on my end.

Mrs. Gray: Good. I'll see you later.

In the house on the outskirts of Berlin.

ST AR-15: SOP-II!!!

ST-AR 15 kicks open the door and calls out to her friend anxiously.

UMP45: Oh boy.

The two Dolls are immediately greeted by the sight of SOP-II and RO635 sprawled on the ground as they enter the house. Unlike themselves, these two have clearly crashed right away when they came under attack.

UMP45 rushes up to them and starts running diagnostics, while ST AR-15 runs over to Dandelion, who has been laid down on the sofa.

Seemingly oblivious to all the commotion, she is just lying there silently. ST AR-15 leans in to inspect her carefully—if anyone is launching an attack, the one they must protect is...

Commander: Hold on, 15!

ST AR-15: What?

Just as ST AR-15 freezes in confusion, her hand is suddenly caught in a grip.

She turns her head in surprise and finds herself staring into a pair of familiar eyes. Dandelion is gazing at her with her eyes wide open.

???: ...

ST AR-15: ...?!

ST AR-15: Wha—

???: ...What is it, 15?

???: Is something wrong with your language module?

UMP45 and the Commander stand rooted to the spot, utterly shocked by the sudden development.

ST AR-15: Dande... No... Who exactly are...

"Dandelion": ...Don't be alarmed, 15.

Is this another one of Dandelion's stupid jokes?

No, this isn't Dandelion.

ST AR-15: You're...M4...

M4 pats ST AR-15 on the head and peers at the gobsmacked Commander.

M4A1: Aren't you going to say hello, Commander?

Commander: Uh... Yeah. Oh, uh...

Commander: You...

Being addressed directly all of a sudden leaves the Commander completely flustered.

But M4 seems content to just gaze affectionately at an old friend whom she hasn't seen in a long time.

Looking deep into her eyes, the baffled Commander slowly regains their composure.

Commander: ...Welcome back, M4.

By now, no one can doubt her identity.

UMP45: ...So that neural attack was your doing?

While the others are all caught in the emotional moment, UMP45 is hanging on the sideline, the very image of annoyance.

UMP45: And here we thought Paradeus was onto us.

M4A1: Sorry, I didn't know my awakening would have that side effect.

UMP45: ...That's alright, I'm not fishing for an apology from you.

UMP45: However, could you revive those two first?

M4A1: Oh, of course...

M4 sits up on the sofa and puts her feet down on the floor. She stares at Dandelion's legs, seemingly struck by the curious feeling of using an unfamiliar body.

Both the Commander and ST AR-15 are visibly concerned as they watch her uncertain movements, causing M4 to chuckle.

M4A1: I'm not a patient in rehab.

M4A1: You don't have to fret so much, 15, Commander.

ST AR-15: But you...

UMP45: C'mon, she looks a lot better than you did just now.

UMP45: I may just be an outsider, but even I can tell you're making her uncomfortable.

M4A1: You are not an outsider, 45.

M4A1: There isn't a single outsider here. You are our cherished companion.

Commander: ...That's right, 45. Stop saying such things.

UMP45: Humph.

UMP45 shrugs and does not bother to argue. But her face looks visibly more relaxed.

M4 walks slowly up to RO635 and SOP-II, who are lying on the floor.

RO635: ...Huh?!

M4 SOPMOD II: What?!

The crashed Dolls leap up instantly.

RO635: W-What just happened?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?! M4! M4 is awake!!

RO635: Dandelion?!

M4A1: 15...

M4 smiles apologetically.

M4A1: Could you get everyone outside for now?

M4A1: I need to have a word with the Commander in private.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?! But why?! I also wanna have a word with you!

RO635: Hold on... W-what? What exactly is going on?

RO635 stares at ST AR-15 with confusion, but the latter merely gives her head a shake.

M4 strokes SOP-II's face and pats her on the head.

M4A1: Be good, SOP-II. We'll talk later, okay?

M4A1: Just give us a minute, then we can talk for as long as you want.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Grumbles)

SOP-II still looks a bit indignant, but she is much better behaved in front of M4.

ST AR-15: ...Let's head outside. I'll explain.

After double-checking that M4 truly seems fine, she leads everyone else out of the room...

Leaving the Commander alone with the newly awakened M4.

Commander: ...

Commander: You girls could've talked a bit more.

M4A1: I'd love that, but you must have a lot of questions.

Commander: ...Indeed.

M4A1: I'm sure you can tell that I'm in a very peculiar state at the moment.

M4A1: There are certain things that I want to keep from them so as not to cause unnecessary worry.

Commander: Hm... I am quite curious about your current state.

Commander: But more importantly... Where have you been all this time?

M4A1: ...

When confronted with this question, M4 pauses and frowns, then she shakes her head.

M4A1: I'm sorry, but I can't answer that.

Commander: ...You can't answer that?

M4A1: That's right.

Commander: What's the meaning of this?

M4A1: I hate to keep things from you, but for your sake as well as mine, I really cannot divulge that information.

M4A1: I can't tell you everything right now...But please believe me—I'll never do anything that will cause you and my friends harm.

Commander: ...Alright, I believe you.

Commander: Tell me only when you can.

Commander: Also, I still haven't had the chance to thank you. If it hadn't been for you, we would all have died there.

M4A1: It was the least I could do, and it was also the primary reason for my return.

M4A1: Of course I had to save my friends. I never expected to be thanked for such a thing.

Commander: Regardless, you still have my gratitude.

Commander: Speaking of which, how did you make it back? And where is Dandelion?

M4A1: My body isn't here. Right now I'm merely a string of neural cloud data. I'm borrowing Dandelion's body for the moment, while she is asleep. There's no need to worry.

M4A1: However, sustaining the presence of two neural clouds is very taxing for this body. I will have to leave when the load becomes too much for the body to bear.

Commander: I see... Wait, you have to go again?

M4A1: Only after my mission is complete.

M4A1: Don't worry... It won't be too long until our proper reunion.

With a smile, M4 walks up to the Commander and caresses their face.

M4A1: ...It must have been very hard on you, Commander.

Commander: Not at all...

Commander: Uh, by the way, we've taken the Nytos from the underground base as prisoners.

Commander: Their EW capability is too much for us to manage... Can you handle them?

M4A1: No problem, leave them to me.

Commander: But your body...

M4A1: I'm fine.

Commander: ...Alright, then I leave the matter in your hands.

Commander: But...Please don't push yourself.

M4A1: Of course. Don't worry, I'm not the way I used to be.

M4A1: Not to mention... Saving her is also one of the reasons I've returned.

In the pitch-dark and silent room, all she can hear is her own breathing.

A beam of light shines through the darkness, blinding her. A cold voice snaps ruthlessly.

ST AR-15: Wake up.

Morridow: You swing by once every two hours, like clockwork.

ST AR-15: ...

Morridow: Are we going through the same routine again? Electrocution, waterboarding, sleep deprivation... Tsk, can't you change things up a bit?

Thunk!

ST AR-15 punches Morridow on the temple.

Blood streams down from her forehead, leaving a trail down her nose.

Morridow: (Wheezes) ...Is that all? I haven't had enough...

ST AR-15 gladly accepts the invitation. A knife made of alloy glints faintly in the dark as it slices through skin effortlessly.

The human body that gives Morridow such a perfect disguise comes at a price that she is paying now.

The human body feels pain.

Morridow: (Coughs) Aaaargh... It hurts~! I beg you, please kill me... This is unbearable...

Morridow: Ohhhh~! I want to cry! Am I allowed to cry? Will you hit me again for crying?

Morridow: ...Seriously, aren't you bored with this?

Morridow's exaggerated expressions vanish in an instant.

Morridow: Was that good enough for you? Did you get a kick out of that? Ugh... What a drag.

Morridow: Don't you know I can switch off my pain receptors? What's the point of doing this?

Morridow: I'm falling asleep here.

RO635: She's deliberately trying to make you angry.

ST AR-15: I know.

With no hesitation, ST AR-15 delivers another punch.

ST AR-15: If she likes this game, we can humor her.

Morridow: (Coughs) What, couldn't find anything you want after rummaging in my memory?

ST AR-15: That's okay, we have plenty of time.

Morridow: Ha, sure~! Heh, if it weren't for Nimogen, who would be the one being tortured now?

Morridow: You? Pfft, you're not even worth the effort. A Doll core like yours is just junk to me.

Morridow: It'd probably be your dear Commander... (Wheezes)

ST AR-15 kicks over Morridow's chair and steps on her face so hard it contorts.

Morridow: (Coughs)

RO635: 15! There's no need to waste our time on her.

ST AR-15: Tell us the details concerning Operation Cocoon and the identity of the man known as "Father".

Morridow: What answers would you like to these questions?

Morridow: Let me think. Hmm... The aim of Operation Cocoon is to destroy Berlin, and Father is Kryuger! That's the name, right? Of your PMC boss...

Smack!

ST AR-15's buttstock bashes Morridow's skull. More blood flows down her cheeks.

Morridow: Now it's really starting to feel like an interrogation.

Morridow: But you're still too gentle.

RO635: You should get a good grip on reality—you're not going back to Paradeus.

Morridow: Hahaha, you seem to have some kind of misunderstanding about Paradeus.

Morridow: Oh, I forgot. You're just regular T-Dolls.

Snap! All the lights go on inside the house.

The person previously obscured by the dark now opens their eyes and watches Morridow closely.

Commander: That's it for the appetizers.

Commander: You should know that there is no meaning to your struggles.

Morridow: Of course there is, but that's not for me to decide.

Morridow: It all depends on you, Commander.

Commander: Go on.

Morridow: We aren't actually opposites, you know.

Morridow: In fact, I admire you a great deal.

Morridow: Robin.

ST AR-15: Shut up!!!

ST AR-15: Commander, she isn't Machlian—

Commander: I am aware.

Morridow is all bloodied and beaten black and blue, but she looks utterly unperturbed, and even quirks a smile.

She slowly wriggles into a sitting position on the floor.

Morridow: No, Commander, there are many things that you aren't aware of.

Morridow: She wasn't my sister. To be exact, she is me, and I am her.

Commander: So?

Morridow: She never told you what's the deal with us, did you?

Morridow: Actually, we share memories—and emotions, even—of the same soul.

Commander: Then will you tell me what Paradeus is plotting?

Commander: When will the fireworks go off? On Unity Day?

Morridow: ...I'll tell you someday, but not now.

Commander: ...

Commander stares at Morridow and lapses into silence.

ST AR-15's eyebrow twitches in rage. She lifts her rifle and is just about to beat Morridow with it again.

M4A1: Hold it, 15.

M4 puts a stop to her outburst.

M4A1: This is pointless. She is too resistant to pain.

ST AR-15: ...Tsk.

Morridow: At least someone's got a brain here, isn't that right, Nimogen?

M4A1: ...

M4 brushes past the Commander and ST AR-15 and comes to a stop before Morridow.

M4A1: You think you're playing us for fools.

M4A1: But that isn't the case. The truth is... your loyalty means nothing.

Morridow: I don't know what you're talking abou—

...

M4 places a hand on Morridow's head. The next moment...
Part 8: 2-4

8

...

Drip...

Morridow slowly opens her eyes in the darkness.

Morridow: ...Tsk.

A revolting stench washes over her, and she unconsciously frowns.

Morridow: ...Where is this place? Weren't those monkeys interrogating me just now?

The scene before Morridow's eyes slowly resolves into clarity as the quiet sound of dripping water reaches her ears.

Morridow: The plant...?

This is the Paradeus plant... No, this isn't just any plant.

It is the place most familiar to her.

Morridow: ...

The steadily-running conveyor belt is laden with rotting corpses that are emanating a nauseating stench. This is the sub-plant that selects test subjects... The place where raw materials are manufactured...And where test subjects are chosen to become Nytos.

Morridow instinctively backs away, and the corpses lying half-buried in the mud immediately start writhing and squirming, as though startled by the sound of her footsteps.

Morridow: Disgusting... Absolutely disgusting... These inferior products...

Even she can't help but break out in goosebumps at such a ghastly sight.

But not because she's afraid.

Corpse: ...

Morridow: Get lost, trash.

There is one corpse among them—soaked in the filth and mire, the dirtiest and most repulsive of them all, completely unrecognizable, yet with the strongest will.

She is crawling...

Crawling...

Towards the only place where there is light.

Morridow: ...I told you not to approach me.

That repulsive, rotting corpse doesn't seem to have heard Morridow as it crawls up to her, hugging her leg tightly.

It fills her with shock, panic, anger. Looking down at that revolting face of the unidentifiable corpse, Morridow savagely stomps on her with her high heels, desperately trying to struggle free.

Morridow: Just die already!!!

But no matter how much force Morridow uses, she cannot shake her off.

???: ... Come here.

A gentle voice calls out from behind Morridow.

The cadaver which was utterly unmoved by Morridow's shouts seems to be transfixed by it.

Morridow: ...Machlian?

Morridow unconsciously speaks that name as she looks back in shock.

M4A1: ...

Morridow: ...It's you? Why is it you?

M4 tenderly embraces the rotting carcass in her arms and gently pats her back.

She looks at the still-panicking Morridow with pity in her eyes.

M4A1: Is this what you call the perfect creation?

Morridow: Of course not... They don't deserve that title.

Morridow: They're nothing more than failures... I'm different.

M4A1: ...

The darkness that crushes in on all sides gradually engulfs M4, but in the moment before she vanishes, she is still looking at Morridow pityingly.

Morridow: Don't you...

Morridow: Don't you dare look at me like that...!

Machlian: Morridow?

Morridow: ...?!

Morridow whirls around, like a startled bird.

On the other side, Machlian gazes gently at her from where she is standing in the light.

Morridow: You... How did you...

Machlian: Don't worry, Morridow.

Machlian: You can do it.

Morridow: Do what...? What are you talking about... Urgh!

She sees her face reflected in the mirror.

Not the one she has now, but the one from before that. The one that she had at the very beginning. Her real face.

Machlian: Changing your face isn't hard. You can learn it too.

...She remembers now.

At the beginning, this crude failure was more capable than her.

Everything she couldn't do, this woman could, easily, and flawlessly.

Morridow: Why...

Machlian: Hm?

Morridow: You could do everything, so why did you defy Father?

Machlian: ...

Machlian gazes at Morridow with sorrow.

Machlian: ...Because I couldn't do those things, Morridow.

Machlian: I just couldn't. I don't understand. Why do we have to hurt others to achieve our goals?

Machlian: Don't we exist to make this world a better place?

Morridow: Father's orders are absolute! The only thing you know is hypocrisy!

Machlian: Morridow...

Machlian slowly approaches Morridow, and Morridow shrinks back in fear.

Machlian: Let's run away together.

Morridow: What?

Morridow freezes for a moment, and Machlian uses this opportunity to walk up to her.

Machlian: Let's get out of here... If we stay here, we won't be ourselves anymore.

Morridow: ...

...That was the question Machlian had asked her that day.

She had the most talent out of them all, yet she kept defying Father and was repeatedly punished for that. What a fool.

In a moment of despair, she reached out to her.

Morridow: ...Machlian.

And when faced with that hand, she responded by—

Machlian: Ahhh!!!

Morridow: You don't deserve to have that face.

Machlian clutches her bloodstained face in agony.

Morridow has stolen her face, and she looks down from above at the howling Machlian.

...Yes, that's it, that's right.

If she can't counterfeit the best face, then why not just steal someone else's?

M4A1: Is that how you treated your big sister? Is this how you treated your one and only friend?

Morridow: Nytos were created to change the world.

Morridow: She was nothing more than an insignificant copy, and not only did she presume to behave as if she were the original, she didn't even know who she was...

Morridow: She thought defying Father was her choice, but the truth is, she didn't deserve to serve Father.

Morridow: Only a perfect individual can satisfy Father's needs.

M4A1: So you consider yourself perfect?

Morridow: Of course I do.

???: GOTTVERDAMMTE SCHEISSE!

Slam!

Morridow: ...Father?!

Morridow looks back in surprise—she is now inside a brightly-lit lab, looking at the back of a familiar figure who is pounding on a table in frustration.

Before him, countless Isomers have been roughly thrown into the disposal pod.

???: Why... Why doesn't it work after I did so much?

???: A pan-immunosome... Does a pan-immunosome actually exist?

Morridow: Father... Father! Please look at me.

Morridow: I...I will help you. I will help you accomplish everything! Father!

???: ...

The man turns around with a scowl and looks at the agitated Morridow.

Morridow: Father... I-I am the most perfect of them all.

Morridow: Please look at me. No matter what it is, I will help you complete it.

???: ...You?

The man peers at Morridow disdainfully.

Morridow: Yes... I'll surpass the others, whether it's Gray, or Narciss.

Morridow: Even Bramedb! I'll surpass them all!

In her fervor, Morridow tries to take the man's hand, but he casts it aside in contempt.

???: You are ALL trash... The leader of trash is nothing more than a slightly bigger piece of trash.

Morridow: Father...

Morridow gazes into his eyes pleadingly.

The man quietly regards her for a while, then his eyes suddenly light up.

???: You...

Morridow: Yes! It's me! I'm here! Father!

Morridow eagerly spreads her arms.

However, the man walks straight through her.

Morridow's eyes widen in disbelief. Still trembling, she whirls around.

...

???: Sister!

The man walks toward M4A1, who is standing in the darkness.

???: I've found you at last, my dear sister...

???: You are the one I've been struggling so hard to find... The perfect one!

Morridow: Noooo!

Morridow's legs begin to sprint of their own accord.

She runs with all her might in pursuit of the man's back, but no matter what she does, she cannot close the distance to the two of them.

Morridow: No! No!! Why is it her... How could it be her?!!

Morridow: Father! Look at me! I'm here! I'm the one! I'm the perfect individual!

Morridow: IT'S ME! IT SHOULD BE ME!!

(Rumble)

The mud-soaked plant begins to collapse.

The room where they learned to change their faces begins to break apart.

The lab where they filtered out the immunosomes is also swallowed by the darkness.

Her virtual cognition image has collapsed.

...

...

Morridow: (Pants) (Coughs heavily)

M4A1: ...

Commander: M4! What...What's wrong?!

All M4 did was put her hand on Morridow's head, and several seconds later, Morridow started coughing and wheezing heavily. She looks much more frail than before.

M4A1: Nothing much. I simply crippled her ability to contact the outside world and made some simple alterations. I didn't hurt her, though. Don't worry.

Commander: ...It doesn't look that simple to me.

After her initial agitation, Morridow slowly regains her equilibrium, but now she looks utterly lost. It's enough to make someone think that M4 has inflicted some kind of irreversible psychological damage on her just now.

M4A1: The rest is up to you, Commander.

M4A1: ...I need to rest for a bit.

Commander: Of course, but M4, you...

Morridow: Ha...Hahaha...HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!

Morridow suddenly bursts into maniacal laughter, startling the Commander.

ST AR-15, who was similarly startled, reflexively bashes Morridow in the head with her rifle's butt.

Blood gushes from her forehead and her head tilts to one side, but her mouth is still split in a deranged grin. She keeps giggling, though much more softly.

Morridow: Who...Who are you...?

M4A1: ...

Morridow: Who on earth are you...? What the hell are you?

Morridow: Who are you? Do you dare answer me? Do you...

M4 turns her back and leaves the room, completely ignoring her.

As Morridow glares at M4's back as she left, her laughter gradually ceases.

Commander: ...Have you gone mad or what?

Morridow doesn't answer the Commander's question. She simply stares vacantly in the direction where M4 went.

Morridow: ...You want to know my secrets, don't you? Robin?

A long while later, she slowly speaks again.

ST AR-15: —You are NOT to use that name!

The Commander peers at Morridow with a frown—there's no knowing what actually happened during that brief clash between her and M4A1, but this is the first time Morridow has shown any willingness to cooperate.

Morridow: ...I can tell you what I know—on one condition.

ST AR-15: You are in no position to discuss conditions.

Morridow: I will only tell you—that's my condition.

Morridow: Robin, you're the only one that I trust now.

Morridow looks toward RO635 and ST AR-15. The two Dolls exchange glances.

ST AR-15: Don't trust her, Commander.

Commander: ...

ST AR-15: ... Commander?

Commander: Step outside for a bit.

ST AR-15: But—

Commander: This is the first time she's taken the initiative to speak. Whether she's lying or not... It won't hurt to hear her out.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 wants to continue arguing the point, but after one look from the Commander, she turns away in a huff.

ST AR-15: ...If anything happens, I'll come running in.

Commander: Yes, I'll be counting on you.
Part 9: 2-4-RD-1 (Out of place?)

9

RO635 finds a small black object made of rubber in the bushes by the road.

RO635: This may be a fragment of a tire!

RO635 collects the fragment carefully.

ST AR-15: There are more fragments of the black strap we just found...

RO635: Looks like this really is the transport route!

ST AR-15: Right, case closed.
Part 10: 2-4-RD-2 (Out of place?)

10

M4 stops the Commander from approaching.

M4A1: Don't come any closer, Commander. The concentration of radioactive particles here are way above normal parameters...

RO635: The levels are completely different from what we detected at the place we just checked out.

M4 and RO635 study the readings grimly.

Commander: This means we're at the right place.

Commander: Looks like they came straight for the "truck".
Part 11: 2-4-RD-3 (Out of place?)

11

RO635: Commander, please don't stray too far away from us. There are traces of Paradeus activity nearby.

M4 SOPMOD II: Paradeus again?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Why are they involved in everything?!

Commander: This proves that Paradeus has penetrated into every nook of Berlin.

M4 SOPMOD II: What does that mean?

RO635: ...These rats have probably chewed holes all over the city.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph, I'm an expert in whack-a-mole!

M4 SOPMOD II: The moment these Paradeus rats poke their heads out, I'll give them a good old whack!
Part 12: 2-4-RD-4 (Out of place?)

12

The comms suddenly come to life. It's UMP45.

UMP45: Attention! We just detected traces of buried explosives.

UMP45: Not only have they deployed units, they've also rigged the place with high explosives.

ST AR-15: They're giving us such a warm welcome.

UMP45: Guess this is the drawback of being so popular. Are you ready to face your "crazy fans"?

ST AR-15: ...Let's go. It's time to give them a wake-up call.
Part 13

13

Shadowless: There's been a major breakthrough with the Galatea serum incident.

Shadowless: The suspect has been taken into custody and the police are now building a case.

Shadowless: Some time earlier, our station contacted the Galatea Corporation for a statement. They declined to respond until the investigations were over.

Shadowless: According to our sources, the lab researching the Idunn serum remains closed, and the project leader Mrs. Gray remains incommunicado. The NDRA has yet to make their stance clear regarding the matter.

Inside a Stasi interrogation room.

The chair is metal, made freezing cold by the air conditioning. The agony of waiting and the fear of the unknown blend into one, and Nele can't help but rub her hands together.

The sound of footsteps approaches, as though to pronounce her final judgment.

J: Oh hey~ If it isn't Frau Nele. What a coincidence, we meet again.

Nele: ...

J: Do you feel surprised?

Nele: ...Not in the least.

J: Then do you feel scared?

Nele: ...Yes, a little.

J: Good~ Our objective is achieved.

J: Well, that's all for the pleasantries. Let's cut to the chase.

J slaps the notebook in his hand onto the table with a "thwap", then pulls out a chair and sits down. He places his elbows on the table and leans his chin on interlaced fingers.

In Nele's eyes, this is the first time this undisciplined field agent has ever appeared stern and serious. It fills her with a strange sense of terror...

J: Did you know there was a problem with the serum?

Nele: I knew, no, I didn't!

Nele: ...What I mean is... Although the serum hadn't passed the Phase III trials yet, this problem had never come up before in earlier experiments, so I don't know why that happened to the man I administered it to...

Nele: He was looking so much better at the time... Also, I've given you the rest of the serum!

Nele: What did the tests say?

J: Who gave you the medicine? Gray?

Nele: ...Nobody gave it to me. I went back to my lab to get it, you know, when I ran into you.

J: Why did you do it?

Nele: I told you last time, didn't I? It's because the government suddenly ordered a halt to the experiments, and we'd only just managed to produce the new batch of test product after a lot of hard work...

Nele: I was worried that it would be compromised, so I took some of it...

J: How many people had access to this serum?

Nele: ...I don't know.

J: You don't know or you don't want to say?

Nele: I don't know! Really... I really don't know!

Nele: Everyone in the lab had different clearance levels, I don't know how many people had direct access to the serum...

J: Let's change the question then. Who brought you into Gray's lab?

Nele: ...It was Mrs. Gray...

J: She personally recruited you? So you had a nepotistic connection to Gray, then?

Nele: Nonononono! I attended one of Mrs. Gray's seminars while I was an undergrad and I submitted lots of resumes to them after I graduated.

Nele: I got in through legitimate channels and a proper interview!

J: Then did you know that Gray has been involved in the recent terrorist attacks?

Nele: WHAT???

Nele: No, that can't be! Mrs. Gray is just a pharmacological expert, how could she be involved in terrorism...? There must be some mistake.

J: Just answer the question.

J: Do you know where she's been over the past couple of weeks?

Nele: ...I don't know, I'm just an assistant, I'm not her secretary or driver...

Nele: Come to think of it, I don't think Mrs. Gray had a secretary at all...

J: So when was the last time you saw her in the flesh?

Nele: Around the 10th of last month? No, that was through a video call...

Nele: I don't think she was in the lab for the past six months. Oh, yes! She came to the company earlier, to take an interview!

J: Do you think it makes sense?

J: A pharmacological expert not taking part in research at her lab for extended periods of time...

Nele: ...Are you suspecting Mrs. Gray?

Nele: It was my decision to inject that man with the serum! It has nothing to do with her!

J glaces at the clock on the wall, his eyes full of impatience.

The minute hand ticks in its progression, causing his forehead to furrow even more.

J: Have you thought things through?

J: Every answer you give will affect where you will spend the rest of your days.

J: The fact that Gray entrusted Idunn to you is a clear sign that she holds you in high regard, yet you're claiming ignorance...

J: Frau Nele, I have run out of patience with you.

Nele: But it's true! I really... I really don't know anything...

Nele: I wanted to work with Mrs. Gray more, but I never had the chance...

J: You are suspected of drug law violations, and you are inextricably linked to Gray.

J: Your only hope for a lighter sentence is to speak the truth. Do you understand me?

Nele: ...But I really don't know anything!

Nele: I don't even know what you want me to say...

Nele: I've said what I should say, can say and can't say. No, wait, I don't mean there's anything I can't say!

Nele: I've told you everything I know!

Nele: If you want to lock me up, then all I can do is go to jail!

J: ...

Nele: ...What's the maximum sentence I'm looking at?

Nele: Three years? Five years? It can't be, right? Surely I can't be that unlucky... It hasn't even been a year since I started working there...

J: ...You've been working there for less than a year? Gray trusted you so much that she let you handle Idunn in less than a year?

Nele: Huh? I wasn't the project lead or head supervisor for the Idunn project...

Nele: I'm just a newcomer who did data processing and odd jobs around the lab...

J: ...Then why did you have to protect the Idunn samples yourself?

J: How many shares of the company are you holding? Must be quite a lot for you to be so eager to take personal responsibility?

Nele: ...

Tap tap tap... The sound of rapid footsteps approached abruptly, then the door is pulled open by a man.

Young Man: Herr J? I... Sorry, I'm in the wrong room, my apologies.

The door quickly closes. Two seconds later, it opens again.

Young Man: Herr J? Frau Cornelia Schaefer? ...I believe I'm supposed to be taking her statement?

J: Yeah, I know Cornelia from a previous encounter.

J: I specially came over to soothe her, lest she be scared out of her wits by Stasi interrogation.

Nele: ...You mean you're not here to take my statement?

J: When did I ever say I was here to take your statement?

Nele: ...

Young Man: I see, thank you for your hard work, Herr J.

J: Yep. Don't be too nervous, Frau Nele.

J: I'll be off now. Tschüss~

Young Man: So you actually know one of our top agents... You're something else, ma'am.

Nele: ...

A dejected Nele leaves the building. Mia is waiting at the doorway and runs up to meet her.

Mia: Are you alright, Nele?

Nele: ...It passed their test, but they confiscated everything and I'm basically on house arrest for the time being, so I can't leave Berlin.

Mia: I can't believe it was the Stasi that took you away instead of the cops, that was scary.

Nele: ...They said I was suspected of causing public panic with illegal drugs and transferred me here.

Nele: That stupid agent even came over to intimidate me!

Mia: You mean that J?

Nele: Yes, him! He said Mrs. Gray was involved in terrorism and whatnot, it scared me to death!

Mia: So what happened in the end?

Nele: ...

Nele: They haven't reached a conclusion yet...

The sunlight on the broad streets is a little glaring.

The two of them fall silent for a while.
Part 14

14

Athena's Owl.

Ting-a-ling.

The chime of the bell at the door is accompanied by the swing of the pendulum of an antique grandfather clock.

Bodyguard: Please enter. We will stand guard outside.

Ulrich: Right.

Ulrich gives her bodyguard a nod and strides inside this shabby bar under his watchful gaze.

The aromas of wine and flowers mingle in the air inside the spacious interior.

Ulrich: I knew you ran a business in Berlin.

Ulrich: Turns out it's a bar... Somehow it doesn't suit you.

In the center of the hall, a man with his back to Ulrich is skillfully pouring a cup of fragrant tea. He turns around and smiles at her.

Griffin: For an Englishman, I'd like to think I'm not too pedantic.

Griffin: Quite the contrary, I enjoy the mood of this place.

Ulrich silently sits down on the chair that the Earl has pulled out for her. She looks at him evenly.

Griffin: Thank you for making time for this meeting.

Ulrich: I shall get straight to the point, Earl.

Ulrich: Given the current circumstances, isn't your method a little too radical? You should've known that the Soviets would have quite a lot to say about this.

The tea in the ceramic cup is so clear it doesn't seem to contain any impurities at all.

But even so, Ulrich leaves it untouched.

Griffin: Everything I do, I do for good reason, and it is all for achieving a very specific goal.

Griffin: To succeed, I require trust.

Ulrich: We have already given a fair amount of trust, Earl.

Ulrich: However...So far, our investment has not paid off.

Ulrich: From what I've heard, the Soviet agent who's MIA was operating under your orders.

Griffin: ...Miss Angelia has clearly not complied with my orders completely, or she wouldn't have found herself in this predicament.

Griffin: But rest assured, Frau Ulrich. I will not sit by and do nothing.

Ulrich: ...I do hope not.

Realizing that she is letting on too much of her own emotions, Ulrich closes her eyes for a second to regain her composure, then raises the teacup.

Ulrich: ...Apologies, I was a little agitated.

Ulrich: You still have our support in spite of what happened. That said, the success of our great cause does hang in the balance as we near the final step, so please understand our trepidation.

Griffin: I do understand.

Ulrich: We don't mean to point any fingers, but we would at least like to know what exactly you're doing regarding General Schweinsteiger.

Griffin: I will answer your question, but I thought you would be more bothered by my active attempt in contacting Minister Oberstein.

Ulrich: Oberstein has been a supporter of the Galatea Corporation since the very beginning and is also a core member of the Berlin government.

Ulrich: It is not strange at all for you to approach him. He is, after all, an unavoidable obstacle in our path.

Ulrich: But Schweinsteiger... Is he worth it?

Griffin: Perhaps he is, perhaps he isn't.

Griffin: But it is definitely worth a try.

Griffin: It's important that we gauge where he stands.

Ulrich: You went that far just to figure out his stance?

Griffin: I want to know what drove him to pick that side.

Griffin puts his empty teacup back down on the table solemnly.

Griffin: This is something I must find out, otherwise we will never overcome our adversary no matter how much strength we have amassed.

Ulrich: ...Why?

Griffin: Because even now, we are still not entirely aware of our adversary's true identity.

Griffin: Don't you think that's very dangerous?

Ulrich: Is our adversary not Minister Oberstein?

Griffin: That's what I thought at first—or rather, that is still my belief for now.

Griffin: However, some doubt still remains—suspicions that cannot be explained, and such doubt could become our weakness further down the road.

Griffin: It's incredibly risky, I know.

Griffin: But I believe that my effort will eventually pay off.

Ulrich: ...I'm amazed, Earl. I never would have thought you'd planned so far ahead.

Ulrich: Indeed, it does make one apprehensive to be unaware of the enemy lurking in the dark, leaving us exposed and vulnerable.

Ulrich: But even so, I still find your methods a little overboard.

Griffin: Quite the contrary, Frau Ulrich.

Griffin: I believe I'm not being radical enough.

Ulrich: What?

Griffin: You may find it hard to believe, but time isn't really on our side.

After a brief moment of silence, Griffin shakes his head.

Griffin: He has anticipated every move we made. If we don't pick up the pace, we will eventually find ourselves ensnared by the web that he has spun.

Griffin: Only by stirring the waters and taking him by surprise will we be able to find a way out.

Griffin: I'm not doing nearly enough.

Ulrich: ...But we must put an end to this before the centrists start to waver.

Griffin: It's do or die, or so they say.

Ulrich: ...I understand.

Ulrich: I will deal with the matter that you have entrusted to me.

Griffin: Sorry to trouble you.

Ulrich glances at her watch, signaling that their time is up.

She gets to her feet and promptly takes her leave. By all appearances, this seems to have been no more than a simple meeting.

Griffin: Wake up.

Griffin also rises and speaks to someone behind him.

A Doll opens her eyes.

???: KH2002 awaiting your orders.

Griffin: The info and supplies have been dispatched. Find them and establish contact.

???: Understood.

In a small house in Berlin.

Inside the safe house, UMP45 transfers a string of data to the members of the AR Team.

UMP45: This is what we managed to intercept before M4 took care of Morridow.

UMP45: M4 and I have both tried to take a crack at it, but so far we still can't determine whether this is the only snippet that Morridow sent out or what it actually means.

Commander: Well done.

ST AR-15: ...What did Morridow say?

Commander: She mentioned a location involved with the development and production of the Iaso's Boxes.

Commander: Also...She told me that we'd better sort everything out before Unity Day.

ST AR-15: Unity Day?

UMP45: ...A political special occasion in Germany.

UMP45: Massive celebrations take place in different cities every year. That does seem to be a great choice.

ST AR-15: ...It'll take a lot of manpower to make a move at a celebration of that scale.

ST AR-15: We can't pull it off without help.

Commander: I know. It's quite a challenge...But if we don't do anything, many people's lives will be on the line.

The Commander hesitates for a moment.

Commander: ...I know that our mission is technically over.

The Commander clears their throat and gazes at the Dolls before them.

Commander: Morridow may not remain in my custody when we re-establish contact with the Earl.

Commander: We have no reason to keep her anymore.

Commander: We're just a PMC. We cannot act without express orders.

Commander: If we're not assigned a mission, we won't even be able to avenge the fallen.

Commander: Not Squad Griffin, not Machlian, or Ange, whose status is still undetermined.

Commander: I can't just let this go.

The Commander speaks calmly, as if talking about something inconsequential.

However, their voice is still resolute and faithful despite all the setbacks, conflicts, helplessness, and even despair that they have experienced since their arrival in Berlin.

Commander: Our friends are still here. We must do something for them.

UMP45: Well said.

Commander: 45, please get in touch with the base and tell Miss Helian that we require support.

UMP45: You think she has any hands to spare?

Commander: The least we could do is ask.

Commander: We haven't been able to get in touch with the Earl yet, but we cannot possibly overlook such an important lead.

Commander: This could help close the distance between us and "him".

Commander: Besides...

The Commander pauses.

Commander: ...Ange is also currently incommunicado.

Commander: I think we might be able to give her some help, even if just a little.

RO635: Commander...

M4A1: Then let's do it.

RO635: No matter what your decision is, you'll have our full support.

UMP45: I doubt Paradeus will just let those gadgets sit where they are once they learn of Morridow's capture.

UMP45: Not to mention with her EW capability, the data string we intercepted can't be the only thing she's sent out.

ST AR-15 pats UMP45 on the shoulder and sighs.

ST AR-15: I agree to your plan, but I have one request.

ST AR-15: You must stay outside, Commander.

M4A1: Let us take Morridow. With me here, it'll be fine.

RO635: We can't put you in any more danger, Commander.

Commander: ...I will not enter the plant, but I can't stay here either.

Commander: I'll be at the entrance with Squad 404, giving you support.

At the entrance of the Paradeus plant.

Once the rampant overgrowth has been cleared from the entrance, a passage is revealed. It radiates a pungent, metallic stench.

The desolate plant seems to have been out of use for a very long time.

ST AR-15: It looks no different than the other plant we've been to.

Morridow: Are you roasting our decor style?

Morridow: That's fine. Go right ahead and give us more feedback. I'll try to get them to do a better job next time.

ST AR-15: Ha, you think you'll ever make it back?

Morridow: Who knows? What if I did?

Morridow: Maybe Robin would send me back, isn't that right?

ST AR-15 refuses to acknowledge Morridow. She jabs Morridow's back with the buttstock of her rifle.

ST AR-15: You go in the front.

Morridow: Untie me.

ST AR-15: That's not necessary. Don't play any tricks.

Morridow: Who exactly is the one playing tricks here?

ST AR-15: That's none of your business. Just find the Iaso's Boxes and hand them to us, and this will be over.

ST AR-15: If I figure something isn't right... If there's an ambush, for example, or if the boxes are not genuine...

Morridow: All the more reason for you to untie me.

Morridow: This may look like an abandoned plant, but it's full of discarded goods.

Morridow: Oh, they also keep the prototypes of the Iaso's Boxes here—you've seen them before.

Morridow: If you keep me all trussed up, I won't be able to make my way around, and I'll just end up slowing you down~

M4A1: Untie her.

Commander: She's relatively harmless now that M4 has done some work on her.

ST AR-15 removes Morridow's restraints with much reluctance.

Commander: Once you're in there, watch her like a hawk.

RO635: Don't worry, M4's here with us.

M4A1: Yeah.

Commander: Just be careful.

The AR Team slowly disappears through the door.

In the passageway inside the Paradeus base.

UMP45: This is 45. AR Team, do you copy?

RO635: Loud and clear.

UMP45: To avoid having the same problem as last time, everyone has been equipped with a GPS tracker and intercom.

UMP45: If the signal gets jammed, follow the planned route, okay?

RO635: Acknowledged.

Commander: That's all for now. UMP45 out.

After the transmission is terminated, the unrestrained Morridow suddenly comes to a halt. She places a hand on the wall and leans against it weakly. ST AR-15 presses her muzzle against Morridow's head.

ST AR-15: Get up. Don't touch anything.

Morridow: You'll be just as weak after being tortured for days.

ST AR-15: You're a Nyto. Drop the feeble human act.

Morridow: I am human to begin with. I also get hurt and feel tired...

M4 walks over and helps Morridow up.

M4A1: Keep going.

Morridow: ...So much more gentle than Nimogen, eh...

On the other end of the Paradeus plant.

A white Nyto stands still as a rock as Morridow's figure is clearly displayed on the surveillance monitor, but no one dares make a move without Gray's order.

White Nyto: They will soon come across our discarded goods.

Mrs. Gray: I hope our guests will be satisfied with this hors d'oeuvre.
Part 15

15

Deep inside the abandoned Paradeus plant.

The last Isomer collapses in front of the group, revealing three identical-looking doors behind her.

ST AR-15: Which way?

Morridow: Not a clue.

ST AR-15: ...

A bullet whizzes past Morridow's shoulder.

ST AR-15: The next one won't just graze you.

Morridow: ...There used to be only two doors here. The one on the right leads to the warehouse where the Iaso's Boxes are stored.

Morridow: Here's a gentle reminder—if I remember correctly, the doors will only open if all of them are operated at the same time.

RO635: How long will it take to get to the Iaso's Boxes from here?

Morridow: Just a little more than ten minutes.

M4 SOPMOD II: What should we do, Commander?

Commander: Time is short. M4, stay behind and guard Morridow. The rest of you each take a door. Stay vigilant and get in touch at once if something happens.

Behind the surveillance monitor, Gray's lips finally curl into a smile.

Mrs. Gray: Which route do you think we should choose, Pandora?

The white Nyto next to Gray remains silent... Such questions are obviously not meant for someone of her station.

Mrs. Gray: How capable are they compared to your former teammates?

RPK-16: Task Force DEFY is the most exceptional combat squad in the Neo-Soviet Union.

RPK-16: Speaking purely in terms of specs, any member of DEFY would have an overwhelming advantage over them.

Mrs. Gray: However?

RPK-16: However, the AR Team is special in the sense that they don't operate on common sense. M4A1 is the best example of that.

RPK-16: Even I can't explain what happened in the pharma factory. It was almost like a fairy tale... What do you think?

Mrs. Gray: Fairy tale...? How absurd.

RPK-16: Absurdity is what makes the world such a wonderful place.

Mrs. Gray: So the key lies with Nimogen...? Now that makes things more interesting.

Water drips down from the ceiling, drop after drop. The reek of mold is repulsive.

What's even more off-putting is the long wait for the unknown. Time seems to drag on. Each passing second feels like an eternity of torment.

Morridow: It's just the two of us again.

Morridow: I've missed you, you know...? What should I call you now?

M4A1: Call me what you always have.

Morridow: Nimogen? Alright, if that's what you prefer.

M4A1: ...

Morridow: Why didn't you go with them?

Morridow: I don't think anyone but you could beat us.

M4A1: The AR Team isn't made up of just any ordinary Dolls.

Morridow: Sure, there is nothing ordinary about them.

Morridow: But against Narciss, they might as well be lamb waiting to be slaughtered.

M4A1: Against me, your companions, of whom you think so highly, were not all that impressive either.

Morridow: But we still have others. We have a lot of outstanding creations.

Morridow: They aren't all the same, but anyone with 80% of Narciss' strength will prove too much for your friends to handle.

M4A1: Then I will deal with her the way I dealt with you.

M4 falls silent. She places a hand on Morridow's shoulder and pushes her down onto her knees. Then she activates her communicator.

M4A1: 15?

ST AR-15: M4? What's wrong?

M4A1: Is everything alright on your end?

ST AR-15: Yeah, nothing but regular Isomers so far. I also found something. It has a similar structure as the ones we saw in Bohnsdorf, but more complex.

The conversation is interrupted by another incoming transmission.

RO635: M4, 15, SOP-II, everybody doing okay?

ST AR-15: I'm here.

M4A1: I'm here.

RO635: I couldn't get in touch with SOP-II or the Commander...

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: M4, be careful with...Mor...Ri...Dow...

The disconnected tone beeps through the line...

A wave of unease washes over M4. She grabs Morridow by the throat.

M4A1: You should know that I can make short work of you.

Morridow: Haha... Oh, I know... I know that better than anyone else...

Morridow: Don't you understand, Nimogen?

M4A1: ...

M4 stares down at the insolent Morridow, her disquiet suddenly nowhere to be found.

M4A1: I do. I understand everything now.

M4A1: Your friends will go down the same path and meet the same end as you.

Morridow: ...!

...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Huh, looks like I've reached the end.

The path has come to an end. SOP-II turns on her night vision and starts observing her surroundings.

In the corner lie several tidy stacks of faintly glowing spheres. SOP-II realizes those are their mission objective...

"Iaso's Boxes".

M4 SOPMOD II: This is great! Commander, I found our objective!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, 15! You don't have to keep searching! I've got it!

SOP-II approaches the Iaso's Boxes and shares news of her discovery with her teammates.

Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. The comms channel is completely dead.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander? RO? 15?

M4 SOPMOD II: Why isn't anybody answering me?!

SOP-II grumbles as she walks up to the Iaso's Boxes to retrieve one of them.

She reaches out to an Iaso Box emitting a faint glow...

Banana lets out an anxious chirp behind her.

M4 SOPMOD II: What's the matter, Banana? Do you miss RO?

When SOP-II looks back, she suddenly notices that the door behind her has closed.

An instinctive sense of danger rushes through her limbs like lightning. She immediately backs away from the Iaso's Boxes, but she didn't dodge the gigantic stinger attached to a tail that shot out from behind the wall.

SOP-II blocks the attack with her left arm. The stinger, shaped like a sickle, pierces squarely through her limb and locks her in place.

M4 SOPMOD II: You bastards! Always playing dirty!

M4 SOPMOD II: Show yourself!

SOP-II lets out a grunt and tears at the stinger with her teeth.

White Nyto: Give up your pathetic struggles. Prey that has fallen into the hunter's trap will never escape.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahahahahahahaha!

The stinger is incredibly robust. SOP-II stops attempting to break it and just pulls her arm out instead.

M4 SOPMOD II: This is the first time someone has tried to hunt me...

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheheheh, go on then! Show me what you've got!

Under the Nyto's command, figures lying in ambush emerge one after the other from the shadows.

Even when faced with an airtight encirclement, SOP-II shows no fear at all, and simply laughs savagely like a wild beast.

M4 SOPMOD II: There are plenty of you, which means I get to tear out lots and lots of parts.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just have a single request—please scream as loudly as you can! The louder, the better! AHAHAHAHA!

The white figures rush towards the maniacal T-Doll like the tide as more stingers await the perfect moment to strike...

With her throat gripped in a vice, Morridow is struggling for breath, and yet she is still trying to push words through her lips.

Morridow: You're...Scared, aren't you...?

Morridow: You're worried...That your friend...Is beyond your help...

M4 gives no answer and just tightens her grip.

M4A1: The AR Team learns and grows with every fight.

M4A1: I saw this coming.

Morridow: Stop deluding yourself... It won't work...

Morridow: Can you...Perform another miracle?

Morridow: I don't think you have the strength...To pull that off...

M4A1: You'll have to try harder.

Morridow: So... confident...

Morridow: Very good... You're quite like me...

Morridow: Join us... Father...Will welcome you warmly...

M4A1: ...Oh right, why else would he send you to get me?

M4 gazes at Morridow and drawls.

Morridow's smile vanishes completely. She looks back at M4 and struggles weakly.

Morridow: ...Restore me... I can reactivate...The system...Here...

M4A1: ...There's no need for that. Just tell me where the central terminal is...

M4A1: I'll handle it myself.

Morridow: ...Ha...Ha... That's one way...Of doing it...

A sharp blade grazes SOP-II's cheek, but not by mistake.

It's a gesture of disdain—or provocation—on her opponent's part.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is that all you've got?

SOP-II is completely immobilized by the many stingers that have impaled her body, but she is still glaring at the white Nyto before her with a feral grin.

White Nyto: Your doggedness is rather awe-inspiring, but all your efforts are sadly in vain.

White Nyto: Why don't you just relax a little and take a nap like your teammate?

M4 SOPMOD II: Listen, you shrimp! If you keep babbling nonsense, I'll rip out your tongue!

White Nyto: I'll show some mercy by letting you hear your teammate's desperate howls before I end your life.

The white Nyto smiles wickedly as she places her communicator next to SOP-II's ear.

RO635: ...SOP-II?! SOP-II!

RO635: Save... Where...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! Are you alright?!

The white Nyto turns off her communicator.

White Nyto: There's nothing more heart-wrenching than the wails of a friend on the verge of dea—

M4 SOPMOD II: ROOOOOOOAAAR!!!

SOP-II tears the white Nyto's hand right off with a bite; the communicator clatters on the floor.

White Nyto: ...You rabid dog!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm going to kill you all!!!

SOP-II writhes violently and starts freeing herself from the stingers by force.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just got M4 back... All that's left is 16...

M4 SOPMOD II: I will never let you hurt my friends!!!

White Nyto: Why are you just standing there? Kill her!

Before SOP-II breaks free, the Paradeus units close in on her again...

Icy lances, icy scythes, and icy swords... The pain of being pierced by these weapons is all the same.

SOP-II howls in terrible pain and mauls the nearest Paradeus units with the one arm that she has managed to free.

M4 SOPMOD II: AAAAAARGHHHH!!!

White Nyto: Kill her! Kill her!

Rattled by SOP-II's hysterical yowls, the Paradeus units stall hesitantly and even back away for a moment.

Banana, who has been hiding behind SOP-II the whole time, smells an opportunity. It scrambles up to an elevated position and extends its signal receiver...

RO635: SOP-II!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: ROOOOOO!!!

Gritting her teeth, SOP-II rips herself free of all the stingers.

The moment she hits the ground, she picks up her weapon...

M4 SOPMOD II: Grenade!!!

The explosion at close range sends the feeble SOP-II flying.

But she never lets go of her trigger—she keeps firing, consumed by her battle rage...

By the time she comes to her senses, the entire room is littered with broken Paradeus remains.

SOP-II is slumped in the corner, her body's mobility now only at 20%. After some simple adjustments, she starts crawling towards the stack of Iaso's Boxes sitting safe and sound on the other end of the room...

RO635: SOP-II!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: What now...? You're blowing out my hearing module...

RO635: Are you okay? There was a huge commotion coming from your side...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm fine... Oh right, I found our mission objective...

RO635: Great, I'm coming over.

RO635: The signal was jammed, and M4 just fixed it. You didn't run into Paradeus, did you?

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh... I did run into a few... I took care of them...

After a long and difficult crawl, SOP-II finally reaches the Iaso's Boxes. She wraps herself around one of the spheres.

RO635: Are you hurt? Your voice sounds a bit odd.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm okay. I'll see you later...

SOP-II lifts up an Iaso's Box and rises to her feet helped by the wall.

Her legs are so badly damaged she can't walk properly anymore. Leaning against the wall, she staggers towards the exit, one unsteady step after another...

RO's familiar footsteps draw ever closer...

Morridow peers at M4, whose resolute gaze is making her waver with uncertainty.

Perhaps... This isn't the right time?

Morridow: Oh weary traveler~ Do you see the roses?

Morridow: Where there is a fence, there is a home...

Morridow suddenly closed her eyes and starts singing a light-hearted song that sounds incredibly out of place.

Morridow: You've heard this song before, haven't you...?

M4A1: ...Comms have been restored. We can regroup at the entrance.

Morridow: And then?

M4A1: Then we blow this place up, just as we blew up the pharma factory.

Morridow: Ah, an unsurprising decision.

In an inconspicuous corner, an electric door slides open silently. The white Nyto standing next to it eyes the woman who just walked through timidly.

White Nyto: W-what...?

Mrs. Gray: We're aborting. Teacher has ordered us to withdraw.

White Nyto: Then what...What do we do...?

Mrs. Gray: We're going back.

Mrs. Gray: Our tasks remain the same.

...

A bucket of cold water splashes all over the bloodstained woman.

Heavy footsteps approach the room. The Commander opens the door and sits down tiredly.

ST AR-15: How is SOP-II?

Commander: 45 ran a diagnostic. Good thing we have some replacement parts with us, but she won't be able to participate in high-intensity battles for the time being.

ST AR-15 whirls around and throws another bucket of cold water over Morridow, who is grinning weakly while lying in a puddle of blood and water.

Morridow: So this is how you repay me, Robin.

ST AR-15: You still dare use that name?! What the hell did you do back then?!

Morridow: ...I didn't do anything...

ST AR-15: I'm not buying it! What happened to our signal reception?

ST AR-15: And why did you start singing at the central terminal? Who were you controlling?

Morridow: Haha... If I could still control Paradeus...You wouldn't have left that place alive...

Morridow: Use your head... The plant has been altered beyond my recognition... How would I know what happened to your signal reception...?

Morridow: (Wheezes)

She spits out a wad of blood. It blooms like a crimson rose next to her face.

Morridow: I've given you what you want.

Morridow: Robin, I trusted you...But you didn't trust me...

Morridow: Just like when my sister gave you the medicine...

Morridow: Did you trust her?

Morridow: Oh weary traveler~ Do you see the roses?

Morridow: Where there is a fence, there is a home...

Morridow's voice has grown very hoarse, probably due to the extensive torture she has suffered. She starts singing the song she sang in the plant, faltering every now and then.

Morridow: What do you think this is, Robin? This is just a nursery rhyme...That my sister and I used to sing...Back when we were still human...

Morridow: You must've heard it before... It doesn't really mean anything. I just sang it without thinking... You weren't the only one they were trying to kill at the plant... They were going after me as well... (Coughs)

Commander: The Iaso's Boxes in this plant surpass your previous ones both in scale and capability.

Commander: Most of them are only half-complete... What exactly will the final product be?

Morridow: (Wheezes heavily) It's exactly what you see...And imagine...

Commander: An upgraded version of a small-scale biological weapon... A large-scale one?

Commander: So the disaster in Berlin was just a prelude.

Commander: What are you after?

Morridow: (Coughs) I am just a relatively high-ranking unit among an army of obedient puppets...

Morridow: You disappoint me so, Robin.

Commander: ...

Morridow resumes humming the nursery rhyme nonchalantly.

Her twisted and exaggerated smile looks extremely jarring in contrast of the innocuous melody.

ST AR-15: Enough!

Morridow's head is knocked heavily against the floor, causing her to pass out.

Her lips are still curled up in a faint smile. An uncharacteristic peacefulness can be found on this face that looks eerily identical to Machlian's.
Part 16

16

"Ring..." The phone rings.

Mia does not answer and Nele does not move either.

Four rings later, the call goes to voice message...

Unfamiliar Man: Why don't you kill yourself, you whore!

Mia rushes over to turn off the answering machine. Some heartless member of the press has leaked news about Nele, and the harassing phone calls have been coming in non-stop over the past few days.

"Ring..." The phone rings again, and Mia savagely hits the answer button.

Unfamiliar Woman: Go to hell, you've ruined everything! Because of you, the refugees don't trust the government anymore!

Mia hangs up, but just as she puts down the handset, she hears that familiar ringing again.

Unfamiliar Man: Are you a spy or something? Scram and go back home, you stupid bitch!

Mia hangs up again.

Mia: You should just disconnect the line... You need peace and quiet.

Nele: ...

Once again, the familiar ringtone plays. Mia is about to hang up reflexively, but then she sees the words "Mrs. Gray" on the caller ID.

Mia: It's Gray.

Nele's eyes snap open and she darts over to pick up the call.

Mrs. Gray: This is an emergency announcement—due to unavoidable circumstances, our workplace remains unusable. The company has decided to temporarily shut down the research center. Do not return barring special circumstances. Please direct any questions to the HR manager.

Mia: It was a group call.

Nele: ...Yeah.

Nele hangs up Gray's call and slumps weakly onto her sofa.

Mia: What's wrong?

Nele: The lab's closed...

Nele: It's all my fault. If I hadn't been so impulsive, things wouldn't have ended up this way.

Mia: But the Stasi didn't contact you again.

Nele: Huh?

Nele: That means the medicine's fine, and I'm alright too!

Mia: Yeah, if there was something wrong with the medicine, they wouldn't just shut down the lab.

Mia: But even though the medicine's fine, you still can't go back to work. That's just strange.

Nele: ...Mrs. Gray didn't reply to a single one of the messages I sent her.

Mia: Looks like she's really busy. She hasn't made an appearance for a long time.

Nele: ...Yeah, I don't know what Mrs. Gray has been through.

Nele: Used to be, Mrs. Gray would give lectures during her lunch or dinnertime, because she said she needed to pour her energy into the lab.

Nele: "A proper scientist would never just hand experiments over to the people below them. Someone who doesn't take part in the work on the frontlines doesn't deserve to have their name on the project team list."

Nele: That's what Mrs. Gray said back then... But...But after I entered the lab... I hardly ever saw her...

Mia: Maybe talk is cheap?

Mia: Perhaps she might not be able to practice what she preaches.

Nele: ...Mrs. Gray is NOT someone like that!

Nele jumps up from the sofa and screams while pointing at the thesis hanging from a wall of the room.

Nele: I chose to work at that lab precisely because Mrs. Gray isn't like the others!

Mia: I know you admire her.

Mia: But she might not be as simple and pure as you think, Nele.

Mia: Don't you think there's some truth in what that agent said?

Nele: ...Yeah.

Nele: It's true, I'm bothered by what he said, but how should I handle this...

Mia: You don't need to handle it...

Mia: It has nothing to do with you.

Nele: Says who?!

Nele: I...

There is a rapid series of knocks from the door.

Mia: Who's there?

Security Guard: Hello, I'm from estate security. This apartment block has been surrounded by refugees.

Mia: What do you mean?

Security Guard: The news this morning states that the suspect involved in the "Idunn" death was released from police custody.

Security Guard: Someone put up a banner downstairs, we don't know where they got their information from.

Security Guard: There were only a few dozen refugees at first, so we could still handle them.

Security Guard: But more and more passers-by joined in, and now some of the homeowners are taking part too.

Security Guard: This is really getting out of hand. Maybe you should consider taking shelter elsewhere?

Mia: Herr Security Guard, how do you expect us to leave when the entire building is surrounded?

Mia: How is anybody going to trust your security firm when you force the homeowners out the moment something happens?

Mia: You're facing unarmed civilians here, can't you do something about it?

Security Guard: We security guards are not law enforcement personnel and we aren't authorized to use firearms.

Security Guard: Our chief has already called the cops, and frankly speaking, given your situation you might be safer in a police station.

Mia: ...

Security Guard: One more thing, they're going door to door with pictures.

Security Guard: If you don't leave now, there's no telling what might happen.

The security guard's footsteps gradually fade away.

Mia gently pushes the door open and glances around outside.

A milling crowd has the apartment block completely surrounded. They'll probably be spotted right away no matter where they leave from.

She quickly comes back in and locks the door securely.

Mia: Nele... You're in grave danger. There are troublemakers everywhere outside. They'd spot us even if we jumped out a window.

Mia: I probably couldn't protect you by myself if we went out there.

Nele: ...

Mia sighs and dials a number.

???: Mia?

Mia: Leni, sorry to bother you at a time like this, but I've got nowhere else to turn.

Mia: Please come over ASAP... I need your help to save someone.

Leni: Alright, give me the address.

Mia sends the address over and sighs in relief before going over to Nele, who has been silent all this time.

Mia: ...Nele, pack lightly. We'll leave once Leni comes.

Nele: If we're surrounded by all those people, then leaving isn't going to be a matter of numbers. Let me think...

Mia: Yes, all we can do is try our best to give you cover.

Mia: It'll be very hard to take care of this mess unless government people show up...

Nele: That's it!

Mia: Huh?

Nele: That agent—help me contact him!

At the entrance of a certain logistics company, people occasionally go in and out through the main door. J is boredly watching Mona talk to people there.

Soon, Mona returns.

Mona: I just finished checking their transport route data.

Mona: We've managed to narrow down the possible incident area, should we go back and meet up with K?

J: Whatever you say. I'm just a tagalong lackey, after all.

Mona: ...

Mona: The people from the technical department should be able to send us a restored HD image this afternoon. We might learn something new from it.

J: I don't understand why you and K are so serious about a mission like this which is clearly meant to mess with us.

Mona: ...Agent J.

J: Still alive!

"Ding!" Mona receives an HD photo.

Mona: ...Wait a minute, this logo...!

J's eyes go wide,

That logo now has his full and undivided attention.

J: That's Galatea's logo...

This is the first time Mona has seen a serious expression on J's lackadaisical face.

J: Ha~ Now this is getting interesting.

J: Them again...

J's communicator suddenly rings. It's a number he hasn't seen before.

Nele: Hello, Agent J.

J: Nele?

Nele: Our apartment block is under siege by refugees. We have information that the police must never find out.

Nele: But I'm pretty sure you'll be interested in this info.

J: Give me the address.

Nele: Okay, I have a friend at the door. You might want to meet up with her, she's called Leni.

Nele hangs up, and then she sends her address over shortly afterwards.

J turns to leave, but finds Mona blocking him.

Mona: Agent J, I insist that we act together. I will not budge on this.

J: Hey, didn't you want to work the case? We've got a Galatea informant offering herself up to us, so why are we still wasting time here?
Part 17

17

The tiny safe house is packed full of people. Mia uses the crude facilities to make coffee for everyone.

The windows are latched and Mona is squeezed in between Nele and Leni on the two-seater bench. J, on the other hand, leans on the table like he owns the place.

J: They've got the apartment block sealed off tight. You can spend the next couple of days here.

Nele: ...I didn't think you'd be so considerate.

J: This is a Stasi safe house, it's not like I'm paying the rent for this place.

J: Oh yeah, don't stay here for more than two days, I haven't applied for permission to use this place yet.

Nele: I take back what I just said.

J: Alright, so what do you have?

Nele: Agent J, I've thought things through.

Nele: It isn't about what I have, but what you want me to do.

Nele: I'm sure a high-ranking Stasi agent wouldn't have the time to escort me home and take statements.

Nele: So what do you want to know about Galatea?

J: Huh~ Looks like I've underestimated you, Frau Nele.

Nele: I can help you find the information you want.

J: Pfft... You know, you're being so cooperative all of a sudden, I'm starting to feel suspicious.

Nele: You can trust me, because there's something I want to find out too.

J: About Idunn or your precious Mrs. Gray?

Nele: Both. I want to be your informant.

Nele: That way, you can follow through if we find something, right?

J: It's not easy being an informant, Frau Nele.

Nele: Please don't make light of my determination.

Nele: I will treat your requests the same way I treat my experiments.

J: Then we'll see how committed you really are.

J produces a picture and hands it to Mia.

Mona: We can't just go around giving out...

J: Do we have a choice, Agent Mona?!

Mona: ...

J turns to Nele and taps the picture with his fingertip.

J: Go to the Galatea database and get me the transport details on this truck. That shouldn't be a problem for you, right?

Nele: Not at all.

J: Start with that, then. My colleague here is getting very impatient.

Mona: ...I'm not.

J: If there's nothing else, we'll keep in touch. Right now, time is of the essence

Nele: ...Goodbye, then.

J and Mona take their leave, and the room finally falls silent. Nele stares intently at the closed door, feeling very tired.

Mia: That isn't the only task the agent has given us.

Nele: Huh?

Mia turns the picture over and find several words hastily scrawled on the back—

Deal Two - 920, Neu-Tempelhof, mansion, who?

...

The pub street is usually bustling with activity at night, but right now it seems particularly deserted.

A woman is holding a cigarette between her fingers, her eyes filled with impatience.

Beepbeepbeep—the 109th attempt to make contact has failed as well.

???: ...Is she dead? (Sighs) Would it kill her to make it more obvious if she is? It's really hard for an underling to come back halfway and take a job over.

???: Subordinates like me who are this concerned about their bosses aren't exactly common, you know.

???: Sometimes I wonder if anyone's actually working in HQ, the way all these problems spring up whenever they do anything.

While the woman is griping beneath her breath, a suspicious-looking man approaches her from behind.

Furtive Man: Yo~ Are you waiting for someone, darling?

Furtive Man: Need a light?

The woman smiles and shuts off her communicator. She extends the unlit cigarette she is holding to the man who's chatting her up.

The man lights her cigarette for her obligingly.

Furtive Man: And here I thought the beautiful ladies in these parts all came out at night—

Furtive Man: I knew you were different from the rest the moment I laid eyes on you, my dear.

???: Pfft... You've got a good eye, then~

The elegant lady purses her lips and exhales a mouthful of blinding smoke into the man's face.

Furtive Man: The bars aren't open in the day, want to head over to my place? I've got a lot of good drinks—

A male voice suddenly cuts in.

???: No need for that. She's with me.

Furtive Man: And who the hell do you think you...

Furtive Man: Aaaahhhhh—!

The furtive man is shoved against the nearby wall with his arm twisted against his back.

???: Get lost.

The furtive man is so frightened that he immediately flees the area. The woman throws the cigarette to the ground and stomps on it a few times.

???: Sorry to keep you waiting. I've arranged the route.

???: Aren't you going to do something to make up for keeping a lovely lady waiting?

???: Did you bring your things?

???: Of course!

She gestures to the suitcase by her feet.

???: I'm sure you'll want this information.

???: (Sighs) Are all German men as obsessed with politics as you are?

???: I thought we were going to discuss our upcoming deal.

???: The way you go by the book for everything makes it really fun to play with you.

???: ...Don't mess around.

The woman puts her arm on the man's shoulder. They look just like a pair of passionate lovers.

???: It seems I'm homeless now, whatever shall I do?

???: You can stay at my place if you don't mind.

???: And if I do mind?

???: ...

The man says no more. Instead, he takes the suitcase from the woman's hands.

...

The coffee machine comes to life after the button is pressed, dispensing a black double espresso into a white porcelain cup. Hardly anyone is left in the Stasi agent offices. After all, the people here spend more of their time on field work than hunched over a desk writing reports.

J: I caught a big one! Remind me not to mess with those guys in Traffic~

K: Well done! The old Kevin I knew is back.

J: Rather than fish for tadpoles in the sea, we've got information on several transport routes now.

K: Good, drinks are on me tonight!

K: We'll go check the terrain near those routes later. There's no way things can just disappear into thin air.

J: Oh yeah, have I sent you this license plate number yet?

K: Nope, let's turn on the PC and sort it out.

J: Right.

The power switch is on, the power button on the CPU chassis is pressed, and within 10 seconds the computer has finished booting up and is now displaying the desktop—a sign that the computer is in very good condition.

Just then, J's facial expression undergoes a dramatic shift—

J: Schwaben! Who messed with my PC?!

K: Relax, all these computers have restricted access.

K: What about the physical evidence?

After a brief but intense search...

J: ...It's all gone. Even that picture!

A door opens with a "bang", followed by the crisp sound of footsteps. Someone has entered the office.

The first to enter is Romy, who has a thick stack of data in her hand. Mona follows closely behind her. Both of them have grave looks on their faces.

Romy: Did you look into the Galatea logistics data?

K: ...Yes. There was a connection to the case, so—

Romy: That was not the direction you should have taken.

K: ...It is very difficult for us to perform follow-up investigations when the clues are not sufficiently clear.

Romy: It's a matter of standards.

K: ...I apologize.

Romy: If this was a simple job, I wouldn't need to hand it to you.

Romy: What you need to do is finding out where that shipment went.

Romy slams the data she's holding onto the table.

Romy: How many times do I have to tell you?!

Romy: The truck, the truck! I want the truck and what's in it!

K: ...Yes.

Romy: And you can't even maintain basic opsec. Looks like it's time for the Stasi to start hiring again.

J: You—

Romy shoots him a glance, then hands down her orders.

Romy: Your mission is over.

Romy: The follow-up work will be suspended for now!

...

Everyone is resting peacefully when the phone suddenly rings. The call goes straight to voicemail without waiting for anyone to pick up.

J: Ahem... Hello? Is this recording?

J: Sorry, Commander, but I need to bother you about something again.

J: So our vase of a boss gave us a mission recently. The details are confidential, but it's essentially looking for a missing cargo truck.

J: Guess what? That truck belonged to Galatea. Just as things were getting a little interesting, Frau Vase snapped at us for literally no reason and terminated the mission.

J: Weird, right? I thought it was weird too... It's just like when Light died.

J: The supervisor back then didn't know anything either—this was confidential, that was confidential... I'm starting to wonder if I'm an agent or a janitor.

J: I digress again... In any case, I'm sure you get the idea—this job is a fishy one.

J: I'm starting to have my suspicions about the "cargo" in the truck.

J: For all I know, this might end up being linked to my colleague and Ange.

J: You're the only one I can count on, Commander. I'll be waiting to hear from you— J.

...
Part 18

18

The night view outside the French windows is dazzling. The glow of a cigarette lighting up twinkled like a beautiful firefly blinking in and out of sight.

???: (Exhales)

The woman's eyes fall on a large poster advertising the Galatea Corporation.

She takes out her communicator...

???: (Exhales) Esteemed tsundere of Galatea—Mrs. Gray, how have you been?

Mrs. Gray: You actually got in touch with me.

Mrs. Gray: How very unusual, Bramedb.

Bramedb: The route is compromised.

Mrs. Gray: ...I see.

Mrs. Gray: Aren't you taking a bit too long?

Bramedb: (Exhales) Am I?

Bramedb: We're working non-stop 24/7 over here. Unlike you, we don't have the luxury of enjoying the AC in an office.

Mrs. Gray: If I'm not mistaken, you're the one who's asking for help here.

Bramedb: Should I put your portrait on a shrine and pray to it before every meal then?

Bramedb: Humph, I'd never stoop to calling you if I could reach the boss.

Mrs. Gray: We should be the only ones with access to this route, so who on earth—

The sound of footsteps comes from behind. The woman named Bramedb turns around quickly and cracks an alluring smile.

She hides the communicator behind her back and presses the off button surreptitiously.

???: The goat cheese that you asked for.

Bramedb: (Exhales) Thanks, you're such a dear~

...

Beepbeepbeep...

The call has been terminated.

Mrs. Gray: ...

???: You know what Bramadb is like.

Gray's brow furrows. This isn't the only thing troubling her at the moment.

Mrs. Gray: ...You're right, she won't get to be cocky for long.

Mrs. Gray: I'll have to trouble you with sorting out the route.

???: Don't worry and leave it to me.

A bionic robot dog comes to halt in front of a small house and refuses to move any further.

Khaybar: Looks like this is the place. They're pretty cautious.

Khaybar: Hm... But nobody's home...

Khaybar: Bailey, let's get to work!

Bailey: Woof!

By an Autobahn in Berlin, Germany.

An Autobahn snakes around a mountain like a scarf, with vehicles whizzing by every so often.

One must raise their voice by several decibels in order to be heard over the noise.

Commander: Begin the investigation. Leave no stone unturned.

Upon receiving the order, the AR Team spread out and slowly starts searching the area.

UMP45: I've taken a look at the surveillance cameras nearby. Whoever sabotaged the system...Is an EW expert.

Commander: The truck couldn't have just vanished into thin air...

Commander: It's not exactly easy to build any mechanisms on a highway without attracting attention.

UMP45: Hm... There's no sign of emergency braking on the surface of the road, and the Traffic Department has no record of any tailgating or traffic accidents either.

UMP45: I've inspected the Autobahn closely—I don't see any unnatural joints on the road, so there shouldn't be any major mechanisms.

Commander: ...What if it's underground?

UMP45: There's no evidence that any recent road work has been carried out along the Autobahn in this area.

Commander: ...Looks like the road itself is fine.

Commander: Alright, keep a close eye on Morridow and guard the search perimeter.

UMP45: Understood.

...

Half an hour later, all the Dolls return to the Commander one after the other.

RO635: We have completed our examination in the area. After eliminating traces left by small and mid-sized vehicles, we discovered a problem when comparing the tyre tracks and the small debris on the road—the radioactivity levels of the debris are significantly lower beyond the beltway 0.5km ahead.

Commander: Something disappeared after passing that beltway... Possibly the truck.

RO635: Yes. The truck could also be carrying contaminated goods, or at the very least, the packaging could no longer keep the radioactive particles contained.

ST AR-15: This piece of broken strap is the last thing we found that contains a high concentration of radioactivity.

ST AR-15 holds out a black object of almost unidentifiable texture. SOP-II lets out a cry of surprise.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? I think I've seen this thing before!

ST AR-15: What? How could you have? This isn't just any ordinary strap. It's almost as strong as metal and probably military-grade. It's certainly not available to the public.

Commander: This thing was probably on the truck. A truck that two senior Stasi agents have been tasked to find must be transporting no ordinary cargo. If it's from the Military, it'll all make sense.

M4 SOPMOD II: I've really seen it!!! At that place, you know...Where Morridow took us to. I saw many rolls of this kind of strap in there.

M4 SOPMOD II: If I'd known this was so valuable, I'd have taken two rolls with me!

ST AR-15: ...You found many rolls of this in the plant where you secured the Iaso's Box?

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah!

The dots seem to be getting connected.

The truck... Galatea... Paradeus... The Military...

Commander: The truck was transporting Iaso's Boxes.

ST AR-15: What?!!! So the truck was related to Galatea?

Just then, the communicator suddenly comes to life—it's M4, who is still in the middle of her own investigation.

M4A1: Commander!

M4A1: I followed the tracks and found an exit from the Autobahn over here.

Commander: There shouldn't be any junctions here.

M4A1: It looks like two straight roads plus a beltway on the surface.

M4A1: But there's actually a very well-hidden mine entrance next to one of the straight roads directly underneath the beltway.

M4A1: One can drive straight into it with sufficient skills.

M4A1: The junction is obscured by grass and rocks—perfect and natural camouflage.

Commander: We're heading over right away.

M4A1: Commander!

M4A1: Enemies approaching!
Part 19

19

By an Autobahn in Berlin, Germany.

???: ...

A tall and slender figure is standing on the other side of the highway.

Her cold eyes are unlike those of anyone the Dolls have fought before. She gazes at her targets as though they were already corpses.

The Dolls can clearly tell just by this brief standoff that she is totally different from the regular white Nytos.

Commander: ... Can we gauge their numbers and combat style?

UMP45: There is only one unknown Nyto. Judging by the way she moves, she's probably the frontal assault type.

Commander: 45, get word to J. Let him know we've got the clues and their M.O figured out.

Commander: AR Team, we're making our way back to our vehicle. We're not here for a fight.

RO635: Rog—!

Shingggg...

The Nyto brandishes her sabre, and the blade produces a chilling hum. In just an instant, the sharp edge is already glinting coldly under RO635's eyes.

RO635: Tsk!

Commander: RO?! What's happening?!

RO635: —She's here! 15, get SOP-II and go! I'll hold her off!

ST AR-15: I can't!

ST AR-15: ...She's here with me!

RO635: What?!

Shingggg...

The white shadow moves like a phantom. Even though she's so close, no one can catch a proper glimpse of her appearance.

The blade slices through the air with a piercing sound.

ST AR-15: Dammit!

With a flash, a deep crevice opened up at RO635's original position.

A Tactical's Doll's body is about as fragile as a piece of paper under that blade.

ST AR-15: Protect the Commander!

M4 SOPMOD II: 15!

SOP-II pulls her trigger immediately and starts strafing at the elusive target.

ST AR-15: Stop! Your body is in no state to fight this kind of battle!

M4 SOPMOD II: But I can't just stand here and watch you die! We just got M4 back!

ST AR-15: Who's going to die?!

ST AR-15 grits her teeth...

She will have to slow down. That shadow can't keep up this speed forever.

Focus... Focus...

ST AR-15: Now!

Bang bang!

Seizing this fleeting opportunity, ST AR-15 fires off a few consecutive shots, hitting the white blade accurately.

???: ...

The blade is knocked off-course by a few centimeters. The figure pauses for a fraction of a second in surprise.

Just then, a shout comes from behind...

RO635: Gangway!

With a mighty throw, RO635 launches a lit tube of dynamite forward. ST AR-15 dives straight for the ground.

M4 SOPMOD II: Argh!!

The blade pierces through the smoke of the explosion.

SOP-II lets out a cry, but RO635 doesn't even have the time to look back.

ST AR-15: At least M4 and the Commander can—

Commander: ...

The Commander stares at the glint flashing amidst the smoke.

Bangbangbang! ST AR-15's shots only manage to slow down the flitting shadow, but she soon disappears again.

The next second...

The mysterious Nyto comes to a stop for the first time and finally reveals her ruthless features.

Right in front of the Commander.

Grig: ...

ST AR-15: Commander, watch out!!!

However, much to everyone's surprise, she tightens her grip on her sword, leaps over the Commander, and rushes straight toward the truck in the back.

Shingggg! With another flash of the blade, the entire truck is sliced cleanly into two!

Morridow: (Coughs) ...Grig?

Thrown out by the massive impact, Morridow rolls a few times after hitting the ground. Then she can finally make out the approaching Nyto.

Grig: ...Sister.

The blade hovers above Morridow's head. The white Nyto gazes coldly down at Morridow, ignoring the T-Dolls catching up from behind.

Grig: Those who fail have outlived their purpose.

Grig: You taught me that.

Dirt and smoke are still billowing in the air after the explosion...

Morridow: ...You're going to kill me?

Morridow gapes at Grig—she came straight for her, skipping over the most important target.

Nobody saw this coming.

Morridow: Hold on... D-do you have any idea what you're doing?

Grig: ...Goodbye, Morridow.

Grig lifts her sabre high up in the air. The sharp edge is about to slice Morridow's body open...

M4A1: STOP!

Grig: ...?!

But just before it makes contact, a massive force rushes towards Grig.

A force so powerful it defies comprehension. Grig makes a split-second decision.

Whoosh!

Morridow: What...

The lethal strike never comes. The agile figure darts back several meters apprehensively.

M4A1: (Pants)

Morridow stares at M4 in a daze.

M4 is panting heavily and looks visibly strained.

Commander: Don't let her get what she's after!

ST AR-15 and RO635 each throw a grenade at Grig promptly.

Grig: ...Tsk!

Bang!

Bang!

Smoke grenades erupt both in the air and on the ground. RO635 and ST AR-15 freeze in surprise.

Boom!

The grenades they lobbed only explode in the next second.

???: Please come with me!

Commander: What?!

An unfamiliar voice shouts, then more smoke grenades rain down in front of Grig.

Ten explode at the same time... The scent is almost strong enough to induce paralysis.

Twenty more explode simultaneously again... Even Grig is forced to slow down and stay vigilant against possible attacks from her enemies.

Grig: ...

When the smoke finally clears, nobody is there anymore.

After speeding for a good while, the group exits the vehicle, their legs still weak and jittery.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Coughs)

Commander: ...Thanks.

Commander: If it hadn't been for your smoke grenade bonanza and ride, we would've all died there.

Khaybar: Oh, don't mention it.

Khaybar: Nice to meet you, Commander! I'm Khaybar, sent by the Earl to aid you. I wasn't late, was I?

Commander: Your arrival was most timely.

Khaybar: Good to hear~

M4A1: (Coughs)

Standing a small distance away from the group, M4 coughs softly to avoid bringing attention to herself.

Morridow: ...

Morridow glares at the weakened M4, her eyes filled with disbelief and hate.

Morridow: ...Why did you save me, Nimogen?

She questions M4 under her breath, also making sure the Dolls don't hear her.

M4A1: ...

M4 takes two deep breaths to slow her breathing. She peers at Morridow and just shakes her head.

M4A1: Is helping others really such an unfathomable concept to you?

Morridow: ...

Grig steps in lightly, her blade retracted back into her body.

Gray offers her a glass of red wine.

Mrs. Gray: How did it go?

Grig: ...The cargo has been taken care of, but I lost the target.

Mrs. Gray: ...Thanks for the hard work.

Grig shakes her head. She opens her mouth as if to speak, but hesitates.

Mrs. Gray: What is it? There's no need for secrets between us.

Grig: Actually...I almost managed to kill her.

Mrs. Gray: ...What?

Gray's eyes widen slightly, her usual calmness threatening to crumble.

Mrs. Gray: ...Who gave you permission to take Teacher's life?

Grig: I believe...You will make a better leader for Paradeus.

Grig: There is no real need for her to return.

Grig: I like you better when she is not around.

Mrs. Gray: ...You!

Gray lets her anger show for the first time in front of Grig.

Mrs. Gray: Morridow is the most exceptional individual out of all of us... I thought you understood that.

Grig: I...

Mrs. Gray: That's enough.

Mrs. Gray: ...Don't do it again, or I'll execute you myself.

Grig: ...

Grig lowers her eyes and murmurs.

Grig: ...Understood.
Part 20

    20chevron_right

In the Berlin safe house.

The moon is exceptionally bright tonight. An unexpected battle has finally come to an end.

However, a new signal fire has just been lit.

Griffin: Commander, very nice to see you.

Commander: Likewise, Earl.

Griffin: It hasn't been all that long since we last talked.

Griffin: But by God am I glad to hear your voice again.

Commander: I'm very sorry, Earl.

Commander: I screwed it up. Even Squad Griffin was...

Griffin: You need not apologize for anything.

Griffin: On the contrary, I feel incredibly fortunate that I have chosen you for this.

Griffin: If it had been anyone else, things would have become utterly hopeless by now... Report your situation.

Commander: We have successfully recovered Morridow and done some work to render her harmless.

Commander: Information concerning Operation Cocoon has been sent to you.

Commander: Also...According to an unverifiable source, they are planning to launch the attack on Unity Day.

Griffin: ...I see. I'll keep that in mind.

Griffin: I can only imagine the terrible ordeal you have gone through.

Griffin: In any case, thank you very much for your work, Commander.

Griffin: The brave new world will remember your contribution.

Commander: Just doing my duty.

Commander: ...However, even though it has been a ride, it has to come to an end.

Griffin: Do you believe this is where it ends?

Griffin: Is that what you want?

Commander: We do not have sufficient intelligence, and we are in unfamiliar territory.

Commander: More importantly, our Dolls have suffered heavy casualties and ammo reserves are running low. We are in dire need of supplies...

Commander: What I want is irrelevant.

Commander: Logically speaking, there is no way I can continue.

Griffin: It already brings me great comfort to learn that you are safe. On top of that, you have delivered such brilliant results.

Griffin: By all accounts, this is a resounding victory, and yet you seem dissatisfied.

Commander: ...I should have done better.

Griffin: In this day and age, blood and tears are shed all too often.

Griffin: Sometimes, people become desensitized because they have seen too much.

Griffin: This is more tragic even than the sad reality that we live in... But you're different, Commander. Your blood still runs hot.

Commander: ...

Griffin: You don't want this to be over, do you?

Griffin: We may fail and suffer, but at the very least, we now have the initiative.

Griffin: If you give up today, and whoever replaces you ends up bringing even bleaker news... "If it had been me, I would not have let things come to this."

Griffin: Are you sure you won't harbor such regret?

Commander: ...

The Commander lets out a long and heavy sigh.

Commander: ...I require support. The more the better.

Morridow: ...

The sound of a door being pushed open breaks the silence in the room.

Morridow looks up with a smile, obviously expecting her visitor.

Morridow: I knew you would come and see me, Nimogen.

M4A1: ...I just want to help you take a good look at your own Virtual Cognition Image.

After closing the door lightly behind her, M4 slowly walks up to Morridow and towers over her as she has always done.

Looking up at M4 now, Morridow seems a lot more subdued than she usually is.

Morridow: Why did you save me, Nimogen? You don't even have the strength to do that again.

Morridow: If... I'm just saying... If they change their target next time, it'll be all over for you.

M4A1: I don't want there to be a next time.

Morridow: Then why?

M4A1: ...

M4 bends down and leans in close.

M4A1: Didn't I tell you? I simply want to save you.

Morridow: ...What a joke. If you want to save me, why don't you just release me?

M4A1: I will.

Morridow: ...What?

M4A1: I said I will.

M4A1: But not now. Right now, I'd like to see the real you.

Morridow: ...

Morridow blinks. Her mouth opens and closes in confusion. She eventually decides against saying anything.

The man in the comms channel falls silent for a moment.

Griffin: No problem, if support is all you need.

Griffin: I can give you that. I will contact the base. A vehicle of sufficient size should be able to transport your forces to you.

Commander: ...I didn't expect you'd go that far, to be honest.

Griffin: My opinion has not changed. Out of all the youngsters...

Griffin: You're the most trustworthy. Kryuger believes that, and so do I.

Commander: I will not betray your trust.

Commander: Though frankly speaking, your generous praise is a little disconcerting.

Griffin: True enough, you have much still to learn, and you are hardly perfect.

Griffin: But humans can never be perfect. Besides, you're still young and have plenty of time to learn through hardship.

Griffin: ...However, with hardship comes suffering.

Griffin: You must learn to accept the many trials and tribulations you will encounter on this path you walk.

Griffin: For you, your most important lesson is to learn to accept losses.

Commander: ...I can accept losses, and I respect everyone who has given their life, but that doesn't mean I can be glad for their sacrifices.

Commander: I will not pass up any chance of saving my friends, even if they are Dolls.

Griffin: I sense a subtext, Commander.

Commander: We've lost contact with Ange.

Griffin: ...It's true, she is currently MIA.

Commander: May I take over the mission to search for her?

Griffin: This isn't a mission for you.

Griffin: Too many personal feelings are involved, Commander.

Commander: ...You have convinced me to stay in Berlin.

Commander: Since I have already made up my mind, I would like to earn my keep.

Griffin: I obviously won't keep a ferocious tiger caged up.

Griffin: However, I have a more important task for you.

Commander: ...

Griffin: You're the only one who can put a stop to this impending fireworks show.

Commander: But Ange...

Griffin: You have inadvertently drawn Paradeus' attention to yourself while investigating the Iaso's Boxes.

Griffin: Thanks to that, Ange's rescue mission will be much easier. I want you to trust me—I will never let a warrior wither away like this.

Commander: ...I understand.

Leave it to me.

...

M4A1: ...Your "Father" keeps turning living humans into beings that are neither alive nor dead, all for the sake of finding semi-immunosomes that can resist Collapse radiation.

M4A1: ...Unfortunately, it has all been in vain.

Morridow: ...This is Paradeus' mission, Nimogen.

Morridow: We are blazing a trail to a new era... As our name suggests...

Morridow: We are leading ignorant humans to the real promised land.

M4A1: Aren't you deluding yourself?

Morridow: Shut up.

Morridow's self-assuredness sudden vanishes completely. Her face darkens.

M4A1: You reject yourself and your past.

M4A1: But they are forever a part of your base layer. Memory is irrefutable evidence.

M4A1: You are all failed specimens. You are but a mere shadow of her. Even if you put an end to it all yourself, there is no changing the truth.

Morridow: Her... You mean...Lunasia?

Morridow shakes her head vigorously, as if to shake off this terrible thought.

Morridow: Impossible... You're lying.

Morridow: I'm a perfect being!

M4A1: Really?

M4 gives Morridow a pitying look.

M4A1: ...You are well aware of the truth.

Intimidated by M4, whose presence grows increasingly oppressive, Morridow backs away in fright and bumps into something.

She turns around and finds herself staring at a mirror.

Reflected in the mirror is a corpse. The corpse writhing in the mud.

Morridow: No... No... No!!!

As Morridow lets out a horrified scream; the corpse's mouth is also agape.

Morridow: I'm not a failure... I'm not! I'm not!

Morridow: This can't be... It can't be! If I'm a failure, what are you?!!

After ending the call with the Earl, the Commander drums their fingers on the desk thoughtfully.

Commander: ...With the Earl's aid...

Commander: We will stand a much better chance.

RO635: I hope Miss Ange will be okay...

Commander: As long as we do our part, she'll be fine.

Commander: This is Ange we're talking about. Have some faith in her.

RO635: Right.

Commander: Then... Hm?

The Commander swivels their chair around and scans the room.

Commander: Where's M4?

Khaybar: ...Hm? Huh? You're right, where has Miss M4 gone?

UMP9: She sneaked off again... Uh, to be honest...

UMP9: I think M4 came back a changed Doll.

RO635: Changed?

UMP9: Don't you think so?

UMP9: ...Hm, how should I put it? She gives off a completely different vibe.

RO635: ...Well, she does seem a little different.

RO635: But we can't begin to fathom what M4 has gone through, so it's only natural that she's changed.

UMP9: Is that so? I guess you have a point.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 listens to the conversation in silence, then she heads toward the door.

ST AR-15: I'll go and find her.

Commander: Okay... Bring her up to speed while you're at it.

ST AR-15: Sure.

...

Thud.

ST AR-15: !

ST AR-15 opens the door to the interrogation room and runs right into M4, who is just coming out.

ST AR-15: What were you doing in the interrogation room?

M4A1: I had something to discuss with Morridow alone.

ST AR-15: ...Alright, then let me take over. You need rest.

M4A1: Sure.

M4 walks out of the door and turns back to look at ST AR-15 uncertainly.

M4A1: AR-15.

ST AR-15: What?

M4A1: Do you think I'm M4A1?

ST AR-15: ...What do you mean? Of course you are.

M4A1: As in...Do you think I'm actually M4A1 herself?

M4A1: I have been through things that changed me.

M4A1: At this point, do you think I'm still the M4A1 that you know?

ST AR-15: ...As long as your nature remains unchanged, you will always be M4A1.

ST AR-15: The M4 I know may sometimes feel lost and indecisive, but she also keeps growing and changing.

ST AR-15: Above all, she has an unwavering sense of goodness and decency, which is why I do believe with absolute certainty—you are M4A1.

M4A1: ...

M4 closes her eyes and nods. She smiles at ST AR-15.

M4A1: Right. Thank you.

...

Near the border of the Neo-Soviet Union.

(Rumble)

A military jeep sweeps up a trail of sand and dirt as it travels alone through the vast and empty land.

It is driving towards its destination—a certain military base where fully armed soldiers are standing in line outside with a stern looking officer in the lead.

Military Officer: ...

The heavy jeep comes to a stop about five meters away from the officer.

Clack.

The car door opens. A pair of black boots stride out from within and tread on a thin layer of snow.

Military Officer: Salute!

At the officer's command, all the soldiers behind him salute the visitor in unison.

Carter: ...There's no need of that, comrades.

Carter: I have been relieved of all duties and am simply a civilian of our great motherland.

Military Officer: This is no joking matter.

Military Officer: There is no way we will accept this decision.

Carter says nothing to that. He just stands quietly on the spot.

Carter: Then what would you have me do?

Military Officer: We refuse to put our faith in a government that has betrayed us.

Military Officer: Even if we keep our mouths shut, there's no telling when the oligarchs' retaliation will befall us.

Military Officer: We need a real leader who can lead us to victory.

The officer gazes at Carter fervently and gives him a deep bow.

Military Officer: Please assume command!

Carter: ...

Military Officer: This is the will of all our comrades here in the Frontier Special Region 1718.

Carter looks at the soldiers and finally unclenches the fist hidden behind his back.

Behind him, his subordinate also exits the vehicle and hands him a document.

Carter: For the Motherland.

Military Officer: For the Motherland!

Soldier: For the Motherland!

As the soldiers chant their slogan with fervor, Carter silently opens the filing folder.

...Just you wait.

...The spark won't go out so easily.

Berlin City.

Inside a parking lot at a certain high-class apartment complex.

After ensuring that it has not been followed, a black car slowly pulls into a parking space.

???: ...

Bramedb: Are you in a hurry to leave?

???: ...I would very much like to keep you company for a while longer.

???: But the cargo has arrived at the warehouse and I must arrange for people to deliver it.

Bramedb: I am very happy to see someone as devoted to their work as you.

Bramedb: But there is one thing I must remind you about.

???: What is it?

Bramedb: Someone was investigating the Autobahn.

Bramedb: Whoever they are, you ought to be feeling a little anxious now.

???: ...There's no need to worry.

???: My people are very experienced and there is only one more stop left.

Bramedb: As long as you're confident.

Bramedb gently wraps her arms around his neck and blows lightly into his ear.

Bramedb: Let's leave this place together once this is over, okay?

Bramedb: I've always wanted to go to Norway. I heard that there are many uncontaminated primary Green Zones there.

Looking at Bramedb's face, the man's stiff attitude naturally softens as well.

???: Of course. I'm looking forward to it too.

Bramedb: Once you send it to the airport, everything will be over.

???: ...That moment cannot come soon enough.

Bramedb: It's up to you now... Darling.

???: ...

Bramedb laughs, then watches the man get off the vehicle.

She leans out of the driver's seat to wave him goodbye, and then closes the door.

Vroom... As the engine roars into life once more, the black car races off.

After ensuring the vehicle is out of sight, the man quickly turns around and enters the apartment block behind him. At the same time, he activates his listening device.

???: What a sly woman...

The affection from just half a minute ago fades away like it was nothing but an act, and the man steps into the elevator, his face grim.

After about 20 seconds of static, he finally hears that familiar voice again.

Bramedb: Ahem, signal check... Father, can you hear me?

Bramedb: This is your beloved Bramedb, I'm making a mission report.

Father?

The man raises an eyebrow. Unfortunately, the bug cannot pick up the voice of the other party.

Bramedb: The "cargo" has been collected on schedule, and the "mule" is in position. I assure you, there will be no mishaps.

Bramedb: Please be at ease... I will always be the child whom you can count on the most.

???: So I'm a "mule", then?

???: ...Du Miststück.

Bramedb: Hmm... And now...

Just then, a burst of static comes through the listening device.

For a moment, the man thinks his eavesdropping has been discovered.

Bramedb: Get on.

Male Voice: You've kept me waiting for so long.

Bramedb: I had my own business. Don't be jealous, darling.

???: ...

Though he wants to learn more, the voices on the other end have stopped talking.

Soon, he starts hearing other, different sounds.

???: ...What a whore.

The man snorts, and then sits down on the bed before turning off the bug.

???: ...Now what on earth are you up to?

...

Sitting in the car, Bramedb peers at the listening device in her hand.

Bramedb: ...Oh, I don't mind this, as long as the mission can be completed.

Bramedb: Don't disappoint me... Darling~
Part 2: -48-3-2.txt

2

...

In the Berlin safe house.

Morridow: Ugh... Hm?

Morridow wakes up from her delirium, only to find the Commander sitting there with a stony expression.

Morridow: ...What is it? You all look positively murderous.

Commander: There's something I need to ask you.

Morridow looks at the Commander with narrowed eyes. Her gaze drifts from captor to captor and finally rests on M4.

Morridow: Of course. No problem at all. Let me guess...

Morridow: You want to know the cargo's whereabouts, am I right?

Morridow beats the Commander to voicing their question.

Commander: You read my mind.

Morridow: It's practically a fait accompli.

Morridow: Robin, I can sense your restlessness.

Commander: I am indeed very restless...

Commander: So this is not the best time to try my patience.

ST AR-15: You'd better cooperate, or else—

Morridow: Sure.

ST AR-15: What?

Morridow: I said I'd cooperate.

Morridow is amused by everyone's surprise. Even the Commander did not expect her to be so compliant.

Morridow: Nimogen saved my life, so I'll return the favor once.

Morridow: Then we'll be even, alright?

M4A1: ...

M4 remains silent and makes no response.

ST AR-15: I refuse to believe you have the decency to do that.

Morridow: Hey, if I don't say anything, you guys beat the living crap out of me. Now that I'm actually spilling, you doubt me.

Morridow: So should I tell you or not?

ST AR-15: ...Don't get cheeky.

The Commander gazes at Morridow in silent deliberation.

Commander: No strings attached?

Morridow: None whatsoever. I told you, I'm returning a favor.

Morridow: If you really want to know, I'm actually hoping you'd teach that Nyto who tried to kill me a good lesson.

UMP45: That would be my pleasure.

Morridow: I've decided to trust you.

Morridow: Just as you can decide to trust me.

ST AR-15: Tsk.

Morridow: So what will it be, Robin?

Commander: ...

The Commander stares at Morridow's face unblinkingly.

Morridow studies their expression and slowly breaks into a smile.

Morridow: I know you're a clever one.

...
Part 3: -48-3-4.txt

3

...

On the outskirts of Berlin.

Outside a plant, the AR Team eliminates the last of the Paradeus troops.

M4 SOPMOD II: All clear!

ST AR-15: Destination confirmed to be deserted.

Commander: ...

Morridow: Lighten up. You're another step closer to success.

ST AR-15: Shut your trap.

Morridow: Is it your turn to play the bad cop now?

Morridow: Where has your short team leader gone?

UMP9: 45 has other stuff to do, not that it's any of your business!

Morridow: You're right. It's fine as long as I have Robin by my side.

Khaybar: Commander, everything is a-okay in here! You may come in!

Commander: Let's go.

The Commander gathers everyone and enters the warehouse immediately.

RO635: Commander...

The AR Team gets into position around the entrance. RO turns and looks at the Commander in bemusement.

Commander: ...It's empty?

At the sight of the completely empty plant, the Commander inhales sharply.

Everyone's gaze is focused instantly on Morridow.

Commander: ...Morridow, there's no point in messing with me like this.

Morridow: This has nothing to do with me.

Morridow: I told you everything I know, but my information may not be the most up-to-date.

M4A1: Looks like your "Father" doesn't trust you all that much.

M4A1: At the very least, he knows exactly where you stand when it comes to loyalty.

Morridow: ...

Khaybar: You deliberately lured us here to capture us all in one go while you make your escape?

Morridow: Not everyone is that stupid, you know~?

Morridow: The forces stationed here are certainly no match for you, and Nimogen is watching me like a hawk so there's no way I can get away, isn't that right?

M4A1: They could've cleared out the plant before we got here due to an intel leak.

Morridow: No, that can't be it! It's pure coincidence!

Morridow: Look, I've been your prisoner for a while, it's only natural that I'm out of the loop.

Commander: ...Keep searching.

The AR Team nod in acknowledgement and spread out to search for clues.

The Commander slowly enters the plant, in which fixtures that couldn't be removed have been violently destroyed.

Commander: ... Can we get this equipment working again?

RO635: That won't be possible considering the extent of the damage, but we can take a look at the hard drives and see if there's any data left...

M4A1: Bring them all here. I can scan them.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4 is sounding more and more like Dandelion.

M4A1: ...Am I?

Morridow: ...

Morridow peers at M4 with a meaningful smile.

Commander: ...Gather all the hard drives from their equipment, no matter how damaged they are.

RO635: Roger!

ST AR-15: Commander!

Commander: What is it?

Commander looks in the direction of ST AR-15's voice.

A large amount of empty crates are stacked in a corner of the plant. They seem to have been left there after their contents have been moved elsewhere.

ST AR-15: ...Take a look at this.

Commander: ...

...

Click.

The call connects.

J: What have you found?

Commander: I'll skip right to the conclusion.

Commander: The good news is...We've found the warehouse where the cargo was stored.

Commander: The bad news is...We're just a bit too late—it has already been relocated.

J: ...Tsk, one step behind again?

Commander: However, we didn't exactly come away empty-handed.

J: Care to explain?

Commander: I found a name.

J: A name?

Commander: There's an order manifest that they didn't have time to get rid of on one of their crates.

Commander: The purchaser of this cargo is written on it—Umruss.

J: ...I see.

Commander: I suppose there's no time to waste?

J: Naturally.

Click.

Call disconnected.

J: Gripping his communicator, J leans back in his chair and takes a deep breath.

J: ...Finally, a breakthrough.
Part 4: -48-3-5.txt

4

Rustle rustle...

Creeeak... The two slip into the apartment, making as little noise as possible.

Nele: Is there anyone inside?

Mia: Relax, I checked. Those people are long gone.

Mia: People only get fired up about the news for a day or two. Time is the best sedative.

She flips on the light switch and the room immediately brightens up.

Nele: Ahhhh~ There's no place like home!

Mia: But you're still going down to the lab tomorrow, right?

Nele: Of course! They finally opened the place back up again. Granted, it's just to tell everyone that they're fired...

Mia: Yeah, I'll go tidy up the house. You'd better hurry up if you want to contact that agent. You need to be up bright and early tomorrow.

Nele: Okay.

Click. The call goes through, and she is answered by a lazy-sounding voice.

J: Good news?

Nele: ...There's news, but whether or not it's good is up to you.

Nele: About the truck—it was definitely from Galatea, but there are many such vehicles. Also each truck makes a lot of trips, so the transport logs alone are several hundred pages long.

J: What information do those logs contain?

Nele: My clearance only gives me access to names, warehouses, times and so on—basic stuff.

Nele: And the system doesn't let me do open searches.

J: Speaking of names, I have a piece of info for you.

J: The consignee is called "Umruss".

Nele: ...

Nele: Come to think of it, you've got a technical department, right?

Nele: Can't you do something to boost my access clearance?

J: If we could do that, why not just hack your intranet directly?

J: That sort of thing leaves traces, Frau Informant.

Nele: Alright, I'll try to think of something else.

J: Does Gray Elementary only take first-grade students?

J: Get some of your seniors to help, Frau Nele.

Nele: Wait, are you suggesting that I use other people's...

J: I didn't say anything.

Nele: ...Yes, you said nothing at all.

J: What about the mansion?

Nele: Same thing. I don't have access.

J: ...Alright then. I can't count on you for everything, after all.

Nele: ...I'll do my best.

J: Anyone can say that.

J: Right, I've got stuff to do on my end. Talk to you later.

Nele: ...

Nele hangs up and exhales heavily.

Mia: Nele, you're a scientist, not a spy.

Nele: I brought this on myself...

Nele: Whew... I'll go check again tomorrow.

...

Mia: Don't push yourself too hard. You're just an ordinary girl.

Nele: Relax, Mia. I've got this.

Nele puts her communicator away and pulls her coat over her body as Mia watches on with concern.

...

Nele: Hi~ Herr Eicher.

Eicher: ...Nele? What are you doing here?

The researcher who's about to leave is surprised to see Nele as she enters the workroom.

Eicher: I thought you'd already...

Nele: I just came to get some things. I left some personal items here.

Eicher: I see...

Eicher: Well, Professor Iverson's finished handing his work over. We'll be having a farewell dinner later with Sara and Melanie. Are you coming?

Nele: Uh... Sure.

Eicher: I'll leave the lights on for you. Make sure you turn them off when you go.

Eicher: See you at the pantry later.

Nele: Okay.

After smiling and waving goodbye to Eicher, Nele goes up to her computer.

Logging in to the Gray Institute of Biology Database—

"Umruss"—begin search.

Nele: Huh? There's only one entry!

The red underline means that it is highly classified.

Nele: Good thing I'm using Professor Iverson's card...

Nele: Hmm... Now then...

Gray—the teacher who shone a light on her life.

Nele: Mrs. Gray, to me, you are like a fire that illuminates a traveler's path.

Nele: If you ARE innocent, then I won't let anyone besmirch you.

Nele: 13, 14, 15...

Nele: Got it!

There are org charts, meeting minutes, schedules and diaries—

Her heart begins to pound.

Nele: ...A project direction change meeting... on May 22nd?

Nele: Looks like that was before I came in.

Knock knock knock.

Nele: —!

Eicher: I forgot my scarf.

Eicher: Oh yeah, two people are already here, make sure you hurry.

Nele: ...Okay, give me 5 minutes.

Nele minimizes the window with a perfectly even expression and greets the person who came in.

Eicher gets his scarf and closes the door once again.

Nele: Whew... That scared the hell out of me.

She enters the server again and looks at the personnel records again. Gray's vivacious face looks back at her.

Nele's hands tremble.

Nele: Mrs. Gray wasn't in the lab that day!

Nele: As for her carpool records... Sh-she went to...Neu-Tempelhof...

Knock knock knock.

—There is a knocking on the door once again.

Eicher: Nele! Everyone's here, are you done yet?

Nele: Y-yes, I am, I'm coming right now.

Nele silently turns off her computer and enters the pantry with a big smile. Then she returns her "borrowed" card to its owner, who is none the wiser.

Nele: Let's head out!

...

The waiter brings out a tray laden with sausage platters and beer.

Eicher: So, will you be going to that research institute in Bremen, Professor Iverson?

Iverson: Yeah, they have an immunology project there too.

Iverson: They're asking if I want to bring my team with me. Any takers?

Melanie: My family lives here, so moving to another city would be too much of a pain.

Melanie: (Sighs) I haven't even finished a full year here, it's going to look bad on my resume.

Eicher: Well, everyone's spent pretty much the same amount of time here, so don't worry, we can be witnesses for each other's background checks.

Eicher: Also, they gave us a pretty hefty severance package, so we can take half a year to slowly find new work.

Eicher: Still, I'm kind of interested in the Bremen position. They're more developed than Berlin, so they'll probably be able to get bigger grants.

Iverson: Yeah, they're quite generous with their salaries.

Sara: It's worth it no matter how much they pay us.

Sara: After all, we're the only ones in the industry with exclusive first-hand information.

Iverson: Oh no, animal trials are a far cry from human trials.

Eicher: Yup~ As they say, the best scientists are often the mad ones.

Nele: First-hand "information"? Do you mean Idunn?

Nele: I noticed quite a few companies seem to have special anti-ELID projects going on a while back.

Iverson: Yes, and Gray is one of the leaders in the field.

Iverson: There are hundreds, if not thousands of companies that want to start projects like that, and there are dozens who already have.

Iverson: But she's the only one that has been able to push a project this far.

Iverson: For starters, our research is 90% finalized.

Nele: Yeah, so all that's left are the Phase III trials. I can't think of why it would have resulted in brain death. Fortunately the final tests showed that they were fine.

Iverson: ...

Eicher: ...

Melanie: ...

Sara: ...

Nele: Huh? What... What's wrong?

Eicher: You didn't know?

Eicher: When I saw the news, I thought someone stole your serum. Did you really not know?

Nele: ...What should I know?

Eicher: ...That serum's not meant to be used outside the lab.

Nele puts down her cup and tenses up.

Nele: Why?

Sara: Oh boy... I can't believe you actually don't know... Should we tell her...Or not?

Melanie: But that was the direction they were going with when we came in. How could you NOT have known when you joined?

Nele: ...

Nele: (I need to get to the bottom of this... )

Nele: Come to think of it, there was an NDA, but I didn't have the time to read through the whole thing.

Her heart pounds faster and faster... The truth hidden in the mists all this while is about to be revealed—

Melanie: No wonder you didn't know.

Melanie: At your next job, make sure you finish reading the NDA before signing your contract!

Nele: Thank you for the reminder.

Nele: So, what is it?

Iverson: I'm talking about the direction of our research. We're not working towards treatment, but selection.

Iverson: We're using the human immune system to select for the most appropriate antibodies.

Nele: Isn't that killing people?

Nele's voice unconsciously rises by a couple of decibels.

Sara: It's SAVING people.

Sara: Nele, we're saving people.

Melanie: There's no perfect treatment for ELID. You ought to know that, right?

Nele: Which is why Idunn is the salvation everyone's hoping for!

Iverson: Oh, you're too naive!

Iverson: We can only find a true immunosome after a great deal of experimentation. The only effective treatment is by obtaining a blood serum sample from them and replicating it.

Nele: ...

Nele: No wonder the government took so long to approve it. Did they know what we were researching?

Iverson: Of course. The publicly-stated goal of Idunn was a Tower of Babel to begin with, something that could never come true.

Iverson: But when you use it as a political slogan, you can make a ton of money.

Iverson: I thought Mrs. Gray explained all this to you.

Iverson: How did you even make it onto the team if you can't even accept that?

Nele: ...

Nele: I'd like to know myself!

Nele scoops up her sling bag on the bench and strides out of the hotel's private dining room, leaving a group of people looking at each other behind her.
Part 5: -48-3-6.txt

5

...

Nele: As for that Umruss person... This is where he lives now.

Nele: I guess that counts as a result? That's all I can do for you.

J: —That's enough. It'll be very useful.

J: Please keep looking, if you don't mind. There might be other clues.

Nele: ...Okay, got it.

After hanging up, Nele takes out a collection of essays from her bookcase.

The inscription on it belongs to an outstanding woman—Gray.

Mia: Nele—

Nele: I don't get it! Why was there such a huge change in her research direction all of a sudden?!

She opens the book and starts ripping each page out, one after the other.

Nele: There's no way she could be someone like that!

Nele: I remembered every word she wrote!

Nele: "Before studying medicine, one must first learn how to be a decent human being—wealth and poverty are not fair, but life is!"

Nele: How could she possibly conduct experiments like this?! Do you know how many of our research trials were conducted in radiated zones, in secluded settlements below the poverty line?!

Nele: I thought we were saving them. I thought it was kindness.

Nele: WHO IS THIS? HOW COULD THIS POSSIBLY BE MRS. GRAY?!

Mia: Nele, calm down!

Mia: You're scaring me, and I'm worried about you... I'm worried that you'll end up doing something you shouldn't while you're in the grip of these emotions...

Mia: You're just an ordinary human being.

Mia: You can't solve all this. All you can do is save the people within your reach.

Mia: And you're too tired!

Mia: Why don't you take advantage of the fact that you lost your job to go back to your hometown and clear your head, maybe start over again? How about that?

Nele: Don't treat me like a child!

Mia: You're very confused right now, and that Agent J's mission is very dangerous—

Nele: My mind has never been clearer than it is right now, Mia.

Nele: Don't try to stop me.

Nele: I won't give up on anything, whether it's Mrs. Gray, Idunn, or that Agent J business.

Nele: This is what I believe in as a human being.

Mia: ...I understand.

...

J squeezes the communicator he's holding. He's having a hard time hiding his excitement.

He jumps up from his chair, grabs the gun on his desk, and turns in preparation to leave.

K: Wait, Kevin.

J: I'm in a rush. Save it for when I get back.

K: I need to tell you now... Come with me.

K drags the restless J to a quiet corner of the office.

K: What the hell are you up to? Don't forget that we pretty much have no permission to do anything now.

K: Romy is keeping a close eye on us and all our actions are under a magnifying glass. Don't get carried away and run off to do something stupid.

J: I've got news on the missing cargo.

K: What?

J: The Griffin Commander found the name of the person who placed the order—Umruss.

J: My informant checked the Galatea database and now we have his address!

J: Once we find him, we'll know who had their eye on that cargo.

K: ...Are you sure?

K: What if this is a trap? We can't do this, it's too risky.

J: Listen, Schwaben.

J: I am not acting on an impulse here. This is the closest we'll ever come to solving this missing cargo case.

J: What the hell have we found so far? Romy won't give us any information. At this rate we'll be letting the culprit go free.

K: ...

J: They're weapons! A big batch of weapons!

J: No matter where they end up, I'm certain it's not going to end in a peaceful settlement.

J: The thought of them circulating outside keeps me up at night, don't tell me it's not the same for you!

K: But...

J: Also... Why the hell did Light die in that mansion anyway? Why is Romy blocking the investigation? Have you never thought about that before?

K: ...

J: It's all related to Galatea! He must have found out about this...

J: I'm willing to bet they're all connected. We'll only get one shot at this. Do you really want to let it get away because of that woman's orders?

K takes a deep breath. He knows he can't stop J any longer.

K: I have a condition.

J: What is it?

K: We can't hide this from Mona.

J: ...Deal.

In a high-class residential district, Berlin.

Mona: ...Target building identified.

As they look at the heavily-guarded building, the three Stasi agents set up a temporary command post on the roof of the building opposite it.

K: That's a high-end personal condominium.

K: We'll put him on his guard if we try to force our way in without authorization.

J: I know that, but if we let him go, there's no telling when we'll be able to catch him again.

K: Are you sure he's in there?

Mona: ...The odds of that are very high.

Mona: I checked and one of the units is registered to an "Umruss". More importantly, he probably has not stepped outside today.

K: So does it look like it's worth a try?

Mona: I think so.

Mona: If the missing cargo really are weapons, I can understand why Agent J is feeling so anxious about it.

Mona: We need to try all possible methods.

J: ...Turns out you're actually pretty reasonable.

Mona: I'm very glad that you didn't keep me out of the loop this time, Agent J..

J: ...It was a request from K.

Mona: ...

Mona: Agent K, I believe it would be more appropriate if we reported this to Frau Romy.

J: NO!!!

J: That woman is clearly trying to play us for fools, given how she's hiding so much information from us. We mustn't tell her!

Mona: But...Frau Romy is our supervisor.

Mona: If we take unauthorized actions like this...

J: Argh, you're such a pain!

K: That's enough! J, mind your tone.

K: Mona is right. Frau Romy is in charge of us. You need to take her position into consideration when you do things.

J: ...Tsk.

K: But this time... Mona, J isn't going off half-cocked here. The fact is that Frau Romy is not on the frontlines and she does not understand the situation.

K: If you report this to her now, she might tell us to call off the operation. And if we let Umruss go, there's no telling how long we'll have to wait again.

Mona: ...

Mona: Then do you intend to act now?

K: We can't delay any further. We need to do this now, while he still lives here.

Mona: If we don't want to alert Frau Romy, then we won't be able to call for support.

J: ...Not necessarily.

Mona: What do you have in mind?

J: I brought some plastic explosives along.

Mona: ...What?

J: Oh, don't give me that look, I'm not planning to do anything dangerous with it.

Mona: That isn't something you should be saying as you pull out a wad of plastic explosives!

K: Ah... I get it.

J: The guards there are bound to be incredibly high-strung. All we need to do is find a place, plant the charge, then set it off, and they'll panic.

J: When that happens, it'll be easy for us to sneak in. In fact, it's a tactic we couldn't use if we had too many people.

Mona: Th-that's too risky!

J: It won't cause any real casualties, it's just to lure them out of position.

J: If it makes you uneasy, then you can stay here and keep an eye on things.

Mona: ...What do you think, Agent K?

K: I think it's doable.

Mona: ...But if an accident happens...

K: Then we'll have to trouble you to report to Frau Romy immediately.

K: Desperate times call for desperate measures, after all.

K: It's a sloppy plan, but it's got a solid chance of success.

Mona: ...

Seeing how in sync the two agents are, Mona lets out a heavy sigh.

...
Part 6: -48-3-8.txt

6

BOOM!!!!

Bodyguard: ?!

Bodyguard: Alarm! Alarm!

Bodyguard: Explosives detected in Sector B! Calling for backup!

Bodyguard: Activate the backup power supply! Stay alert! Keep the clients calm!

Bodyguard: Get the bomb squad over here!

...

The man stands in front of the floor-to-ceiling window, silently watching the commotion on the ground floor.

Perhaps he's being paranoid, or perhaps not.

Any abnormality is enough to make him nervous until the job is complete. After all, he's already failed once.

Knock knock.

???: Who is it?

Voice from Outside the Door: Sir, there's been an explosion on the first floor.

Voice from Outside the Door: We need to ensure all our residents are safe.

Voice from Outside the Door: Would you mind opening the door?

???: I'm fine.

The man picks up his handgun from the coffee table.

Voice from Outside the Door: Please open the door so that we can confirm your safety.

With his gun behind his back, the man slowly approaches the main door...

There is a muscular, hulking security guard standing outside the door. At this range, he can easily kill the man if he tries anything unusual.

Bodyguard: ...

???: ...Is there anything else?

Bodyguard: No, our apologies. It's just that the brass want us to do door-to-door checks.

Bodyguard: Sorry to disturb you. Have a good day.

???: Don't bother me again if there's nothing else.

Bodyguard: Yes, sir. Once again, our apologies.

Thud. The door closes, and the room is silent again.

The man slowly returns to the living room, where he stands in front of the window once again. The commotion is still going on, and he can make out the outlines of fire engines in the distance.

???: Freeze.

???: ...!

???: Umruss, you are suspected of endangering the safety of the State. Do not resist, and cooperate with our investigation!

The two Stasi agents appear soundlessly from behind the man. When he turns around, they both exclaim in surprise.

J: ...It's you?!

K: ...This is not funny at all.

J: Umruss... Hopps...

J: I see...

J mutters to himself as he glares at the tall man in front of him.

Hopps: ...Stasi.

Hopps' face darkens.

Hopps: Endangering national security? Do you no longer need proof when framing people for crimes now?

J: You know if there's proof or not.

Hopps: You set off that explosion down there, didn't you?

Hopps: The fact that you had to draw off security like that means you are operating under limited authority.

Hopps: Which means you have no right to arrest me, and what you're doing now is illegally trespassing on private property.

Hopps: ...You don't think this is the last century, do you?

K: Where did you send that cargo?

Hopps: ...I see.

Hopps: This isn't something the Stasi ought to be interfering in.

K: Unfortunately, we DO have to interfere when they're used for terrorist activities.

Hopps: You think that's enough to shake me?

K: At the very least, I think you are not in full possession of the facts.

K: Things are far more complicated than you understand.

Hopps: ...And what makes you say that?

K: I read your file. You once worked for the GIP. They have nothing to do with Galatea...

K: I don't know why they got you out of jail or why they made you do this. Going by your previous experiences alone, I believe what you know is very limited.

J: They used you again, du volltrottel.

Hopps: Surely there must be a limit to how arrogant you can be, Stasi.

Hopps: What I do and who I do it for are none of your business, and I certainly have no obligation to tell you.

J: I can shoot you right now if you don't tell the truth.

J: So many people have died in Berlin already that nobody's going to blame me for killing a murderer's accomplice.

Hopps: The futility of your anger makes it all the more laughable.

K: ...Iaso's Boxes.

Hopps: Hm?

K: The cargo you were transporting are biochemical weapons called Iaso's Boxes.

K: Several dozen small-scale terrorist attacks have taken place in and around Berlin over the past few months. Those were the weapons used during those incidents.

Hopps: The weapons I transported have nothing to do with terrorist attacks.

J: Oh, don't give me any of that! Did your client tell you they were going to use those weapons as fertilizer?

J: Wake the hell up! There's only one reason they were made, which is to KILL people! Transporting biochemical weapons makes you an accomplice to the murder of German citizens!

J: You were mouthing off about protecting the State the last time we met, is this how you're going to do it?

Hopps: ...

For the first time in the conversation, Hopps falls silent.

Hopps: Do you have proof of this?

K: ...You can choose not to believe us.

K: But if you refuse to cooperate with us, then the price will be the lives of several million Berlin citizens.

Hopps: ...

Hopps turns his back to the two men. He looks down over the Berlin skyline, and falls silent once again.

Hopps: I don't know the ultimate destination of that cargo.

J: What?!

K: ...Are you willing to cooperate with us?

Hopps: Terrorist attacks and political movements are different. They differ in their original intentions.

Hopps: I will not do anything that will jeopardize the future of our people. Everything I do is for the State.

Hopps: ...I hate traitors more than anything.

Click.

Just then, Hopps' communicator suddenly rings.

Hopps: ...Hello?

Hopps: ...Yes, well done.

Hopps: ...Stay there, watch their movements.

After that terse exchange, he hangs up.

Hopps: The cargo is being sent to Berlin Airport right now. That's where the job they assigned me ends.

Hopps: However, I've arranged for my people to lie in wait and keep an eye on the movement of the weapons. Soon we will know what they're doing.

J: So you already planned for this?

Hopps: ...I knew they didn't choose me to do this for no reason.

K: Berlin Airport... For safety's sake, let's get this information—

The glass in front of Hopps' shatters as the sound of a gunshot fills the air.

Hopps' expression changes immediately.

K: —Sniper! Get to cover!

J: Scheiße!

K swiftly ducks behind the sofa. Meanwhile, J's eyes widen and he lunges at Hopps, who has crumpled to the ground.

J: Who was it?

J: Who asked you to send that cargo?!

J: A name! Give me a name!

Hopps: ...Medb...

J: ...Medb? As in Queen Medb?

J: Is it a codename? A woman? Is it a woman? Hey!

Hopps' eyes go wide. His chest has long since been soaked in the blood geysering from it.

He is no longer breathing.

K: J! We have to go now! The security guards will be here any moment!

K: Mona!

Mona: I've pinpointed the sniper's location, I'm now in pursuit!

...

Bang!

Mona: Stop right there!

The black shadow leaps from building to building, and Mona is having a hard time keeping up with her.

It's unbelievable... She's an elite Doll, but it's taken her so long just to close the distance between the two of them.

There's no way her quarry is human.

Mona: ...!

Bramedb: You just don't know when to back off, do you? Women who don't know their place aren't popular with men, you know.

The tall woman suddenly comes to a halt. Mona stops as well, and the two of them face off on the roof as the cold wind blows.

Mona: Drop your weapon! You're coming with me!

Mona takes aim at the beautiful woman in front of her.

Mona: You...

The strength drains out of Mona's arms, and her weapon falls from her limp fingers. Her vision gradually grays out and darkens. All she can do is watch as the woman slowly approaches, but her limbs refuse to respond.

...It all happens in an instant.

Bramedb: What a shame...

Bramedb: If you weren't a Doll, I might consider dating you.

Thud.

Mona collapses like a puppet whose strings have been cut.

...
Part 7: -48-3-9.txt

7

...Berlin Airport.

Staff Room.

Airport Staff: Thanks for taking over. I'll be heading off.

Security Chief: Sure.

After nodding farewell to his subordinate, the Security Chief walks into the changing room.

Click.

A gun is suddenly pressed against his back. He can feel the cold metal through his shirt.

ST AR-15: Don't move.

Security Chief: What do you want?

Just as the man questions the aggressor, a sharp pain comes from the inside of his knee.

A merciless blow forces him onto the floor. This time, the muzzle is pressed against his head.

ST AR-15: Your name is Andor Payne, Security Chief of Berlin Airport Terminal 2.

Security Chief: ...Yes.

ST AR-15: At 15:55 this afternoon, a batch of goods were delivered into the airport under your watch.

Security Chief: ...!

ST AR-15: Which warehouse have you put the cargo in?

Security Chief: I...I don't know what you're talking about.

M4 SOPMOD II: HAAAARGH!

Crack! The T-Doll's terrifying roar is followed by the sound of something breaking.

Security Chief: Ugh?! AAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!

The man can't feel his wrist anymore.

ST AR-15: Don't try my patience.

ST AR-15: You know exactly what I'm talking about.

M4 SOPMOD II: Be a good boy or next time it'll be your neck that gets broken!

ST AR-15: The weapons. Where are they?

Security Chief: ...Weapons?

ST AR-15: You just moved a batch of biochemical weapons even more terrible than nuclear bombs.

ST AR-15: They've been delivered to the largest port in the city and you tell me you don't know about them?!

Security Chief: That's impossible! My comrades said...

ST AR-15: Cut the crap. Just tell us which warehouse it is.

M4 SOPMOD II: Grrrr! Spit it out already!

Security Chief: ...

Security Chief: ...Alright.

...

Airport Operations.

ST AR-15: ...We have tracked down the cargo's location, but we'll need a manager's access clearance to enter the warehouse.

Commander: Got it. Stay where you are and wait for me.

After hanging up, the Commander turns to look at the manager behind them.

Commander: You heard that. We need your access clearance.

Manager: ...I have already overstepped by divulging our logistics information, now you're demanding access to a private...

Khaybar: I'm very sorry, but this is not up for discussion.

Khaybar: This is an official document that gives our Commander the highest authority here. You see how this works now?

Manager: ...Right. I will notify the person-in-charge of that zone.

Manager: I will take you to the warehouse later, but you must be present yourself and take responsibility for the Dolls.

Commander: No problem.

The manager storms out of the room.

Commander: ...Phew, the Earl's name does come in handy.

Khaybar: ...It's a double-edged sword. We should keep a lower profile.

Commander: As for you...

Commander looks at Morridow, who has been sitting quietly and demurely on the chair throughout the whole exchange.

Commander: You just stay here.

Morridow: Whatever you say.

Commander: ...

Commander: We need someone to coordinate with us at the control room.

Commander: It can't be anyone else but M4, and since M4 is staying, so are you.

M4 is about to say something, but thinks the better of it. She simply nods.

RO635: I'm staying too.

To everyone's surprise, RO635 raises a hand.

RO635: Let me stay to protect M4.

Commander: ...That's a good idea.

Commander: If anything happens, let us know immediately.

RO635: Yes, Commander.

Commander: The rest of you come with me. Prepare to link up with AR-15.

Group: Yes, Commander!

The manager, who has just returned, knocks on the door of the control room.

Manager: I have everything sorted out. Follow me.

The group files out of the room with the Commander in the lead.

M4A1: ...

RO635: ...

The control room is engulfed in an awkward silence.

M4A1: ...We need to talk, Morridow.

RO635: Don't waste your breath, M4.

Morridow: Heh, ye of little faith.

RO635: Nothing about you is worth a shred of trust.

After bringing up the surveillance feed of the designated area, RO635 turns around and glares at Morridow, who's looking rather smug.

Morridow: Not faith in me, Doll.

Morridow: You seem awfully worried about leaving me alone with Nimogen. Doesn't this mean that you don't trust her at all?

RO635: ...And here I was expecting something important. You think this would be enough to turn us against each other?

M4A1: ...Are you jealous of our bond?

M4A1: They do trust me a great deal, and this is something you don't have.

Morridow narrows her eyes and smiles darkly at M4.

Morridow: Alright, what do you want with me?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...RO.

M4 looks towards RO635.

RO635: What is it, M4?

M4A1: I really hate to ask this...

M4A1: But I want to be alone with her for a while.

RO635: Sure... What?

RO answers without thinking. She does a double take when she finally registers what M4 just asked of her.

RO635: But why?! I can't possibly leave the two of you together!

M4A1: ...Calm down, RO. It's not like she can do anything to me.

RO635: B-but what's there to discuss with her? Besides, you...

RO looks at M4 with concern.

M4A1: It'll be fine.

M4A1 smiles gently. Despite her feebleness, she is still radiating fortitude and great resolve.

M4A1: ...Please.

Morridow: Hold on, isn't anyone gonna ask my opinion?

Morridow: I don't want to be alone with her!

RO635: Shut up! You have no say.

Morridow: ...

M4A1: ...Morridow, I once told you I needed a proper moment.

M4A1: I believe this is it. We can have a proper talk now.

Morridow: ...Are you for real?

Morridow: Then why don't you show me... How far you're willing to go?

M4 pauses before looking up at RO635 again.

M4A1: I'll explain everything to you later, RO.

M4A1: Just let me talk to her alone for now, okay?

RO635: ...

RO635: I'll be waiting outside the door. If anything happens, make sure you give me a shout.

M4A1: Yeah, I will. I promise.

RO635 turns and leaves the control room. The last thing she hears before closing the door is...

M4A1: ...If that's your wish, I can fulfill it.

RO635: ...

Fulfill? Fulfill what?

After a brief moment of hesitation, she presses her ear against the door, but she can't hear any of the conversation at all.

RO635: M4...

Outside the door, RO635 holds her gun tightly in her hands, her thoughts all jumbled.

...She trusts M4. She's made to trust her no matter what.

But if even she can't tell what M4 is thinking...

Who can?

...

At the Griffin base.

Kryuger studies the namelist before him and picks up his cup of coffee thoughtfully.

Helian: What should we do about the Commander's request for reinforcements?

Kryuger: The Earl had Havier send a mobile construction vehicle, it's on its way... Very generous of him.

Helian: He actually did that...?

Helian: Looks the Commander really needs those reinforcements desperately.

Kryuger: How much longer will it take for our T-Doll forces to be fully replenished?

Helian: ...We don't have a specific timeframe.

Helian: But it definitely won't be any time soon.

Helian: At our current progress, I'm afraid our forces can't give the Commander sufficient fire support.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Looks like we have no choice but to send them.

Helian: We will be a lot more vulnerable here at the base with them away.

Kryuger: Right now, the Commander needs their strength more than we do.

Kryuger: No matter what the Earl is planning to do, our priority must be to ensure the Commander's safety.

Helian: ...You're right.

Kryuger: Let them have some fun.

Helian: Understood. Leave it to me.
Part 8: -48-3-10.txt

8

...

???: ...Roger.

Click.

The call ends.

???: Whew...

Whipped by the frigid wind, the figure standing on a high tower casts their cold gaze out into the distance.

The Doll teams sprint down the runway in the middle of the night-shrouded airport.

???: ...

...Just wait.

...The time is upon us.

...

The Doll raises her head and watches as the heavy rain clouds draw a curtain over the already darkened sky.

Pzzt—

The call connects.

Bramedb: Hello, can you hear me?

Mrs. Gray: You've called me more times over the past few days than you have for all of last year.

Bramedb: What, are you blaming me for being too cold?

Bramedb: I was just a little busy. If you're dying for someone to talk to because you're bored, I'll call you more often in the future.

Mrs. Gray: Enough rubbish. What is it?

Bramedb: Are you aware of the situation?

Bramedb: If those weapons aren't shipped on time, we're all going to get it.

Mrs. Gray: And it is only at this point that you think of asking me for help?

Bramedb: Right now.

Bramedb: Our "tail" has already followed us here.

Bramedb: Whatever you're planning, you can forget about getting away if Father is upset.

Mrs. Gray: Really now?

Mrs. Gray: That has nothing to do with me, Bramedb.

Mrs. Gray: Do you remember what you said?

Mrs. Gray: This is your mission, I have no right to interfere.

Bramedb: ...That was then, this is now.

Bramedb: If we lose this shipment of weapons, none of us are going to have a good time!

Bramedb: Do you want Father to hear about how you just sat there and let it happen?

Mrs. Gray: Well, we can all look forward to Father's opinion about this whole mess.

Bramedb: Grig, are you there? Don't pretend you can't hear me~

Bramedb: Are you just going to watch as your dear sister does something stupid?

Grig: I support any and all decisions Big Sister makes.

Bramedb: ...Gray, are you serious?

Bramedb: This isn't the time to be settling private vendettas in public.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Bramedb: ...

Mrs. Gray: Pfft... This is the first time I've seen you so flustered, Bramedb.

Bramedb: ...

Mrs. Gray: I've already sent people over. I just wanted to tease you and see your reaction. This doesn't come around often, after all.

Mrs. Gray: It was well worth it. You're absolutely adorable.

Bramedb: Why you...!

Mrs. Gray: Go and finish your mission.

Mrs. Gray: Don't disappoint me and Father.

The transmission ends.

Bramedb: ...

Bramedb: ...You bitch.

Such is Bramedb's anger that she crushes the communicator in her hand. Then, she takes a deep breath.

Bramedb: ...You won't get away with this.

...

...

As they follow in the manager's footsteps, the Commander and company cross the airport amidst the steady downpour.

The airport at night is largely empty and there seems to be no signs of people around.

Several helicopters are parked on the helipad that is exposed to the elements.

ST AR-15: Commander! There's an emergency!

Commander: ...What happened?

ST AR-15: I'm already at the target warehouse.

ST AR-15: ...A transport plane is already on the runway and I'm picking up high radiation levels from it!

Commander: ...That must be the cargo. Crap.

ST AR-15: The pilot looks weird, like...He's crazy.

Commander: Never mind that! Do NOT let that plane take off! Stop him!

ST AR-15: Roger!
Part 9: -48-3-12.txt

9

...

Romy: You two...Really love giving me surprises.

Romy's wrath cannot be contained any longer.

J: ...

K: ...

Romy: Acting without permission, getting a key suspect killed. Tell me, what will it be next time?

Romy: I suppose you think you should be the one doing my job, eh? Schwaben?

K: Chief, we...

Romy: Shut it.

Romy: You're relieved of duty, both of you.

J: ?!

J: H-hold on a...!

Romy: Effective immediately.

Romy: Now get out of here!

J: We...!

K interrupts before J goes berserk.

K: Here are my ID and cufflinks.

K: I'll turn in my weapon to the Quartermaster.

J: ...

J shoots K a glance, then clenches his teeth and hands in his own ID and cufflinks.

K: Deepest apologies.

After giving Romy another bow, K leads J out of the office.

...

J: Why didn't you stand your ground?

J: We did...

K: There is zero justification for what we did.

K: Kevin, we're in the wrong...

J: ...

K: ...Mona's neural cloud is heavily damaged. There's no telling if the damage will be permanent.

K: ...Admit it, Kevin.

K: We've lost it all.

J: ...

J stands rooted to the spot, his fist clenched in indignation.

...

???: ...Understood.

???: Leave that to me.

Click.

The transmission is terminated.

???: ...There's no place for you in this era.

???: Know when to let go and make a timely exit.

???: M4...

...

Having intercepted the freighter, ST AR-15 is checking the pilot's status in the cockpit.

ST AR-15: ...This man is severely injured. Even if we hadn't intercepted the aircraft, he couldn't possibly have completed the flight.

ST AR-15: He just stopped breathing.

M4 SOPMOD II: The cargo hold is empty!

M4 SOPMOD II: No cargo within sight! The radiation levels are high but there's nothing!

Commander: ...

The Commander watches as ST AR-15 drags the pilot out... Gunshots and stab wounds—he definitely wasn't injured in the previous battle.

An ominous premonition threatens to overwhelm the Commander. They suddenly look up.

Commander: Go check the warehouse! Hurry!

...

...

Commander: ...

Manager: I... I really don't know! I don't know anything!

The tough man who was still unshakable just minutes ago is now an emotional wreck.

ST AR-15: This is horrendous...

UMP45: We've checked. No survivors.

UMP45: All 17 are dead.

No matter how many times they have seen such sights, the Commander still can't say they have gotten used to them.

Manager: I wash my hands of this... You...You're the one looking for it... You sort this out... (Gags)

The manager stumbles out of the warehouse.

Khaybar: ...Where's the cargo?

UMP45: As you can see, there's nothing but corpses here.

UMP45 tosses an object that she has plucked from a corpse to the Commander—a medal.

It looks very old, but the Iron Cross is unmistakable through the ages.

UMP45: What do we do now?

Commander: If the freighter carrying the cargo has already departed, there's no way we can catch up.

Commander: I'll have M4 check the nearby routes... and which large freighters have taken off, then send word to the Stasi and the Earl.

ST AR-15: When the manager gets a grip, we can also ask him to access the storage records of this warehouse.

Commander: Right.

...

...Click.

Commander: ...Hm?

ST AR-15: What's wrong?

Commander: M4 isn't picking up.

ST AR-15: ...What about RO?

Commander: ...Same thing.

The Commander and ST AR-15 stare at each other.

ST AR-15: Crap.

Commander: Get back there! M4 may be compromised!

...

Commander: RO?!

The Commander and the Dolls return to the control room and immediately spot RO635, who has collapsed outside the door.

Khaybar rushes into the empty room and looks around in dismay.

Khaybar: This is bad! M4 and Morridow are missing!

Commander: Dammit!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!

SOP-II grabs RO635 by the shoulders and shakes her vigorously.

UMP45: Don't move her! Her neural cloud is under attack. Let me handle this!

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Freaking hell, don't tell me...

After a while, RO635 slowly regains consciousness. She looks around in a daze...

RO635: M4...

RO635: Oh no! Morridow! Morridow took M4 away!

Khaybar: How did Morridow overpower two T-Dolls?!

Khaybar punches the wall furiously, losing her cool for the first time. RO stares at the floor with wide eyes, utterly incredulous.

RO635: Did... Did I lose M4... Again?

UMP45: Don't panic! They may still be at the airport.

RO635: ...

Commander: Start searching immediately. We have to stop Morridow!

Heavy rain starts pouring from the thunderous night sky.

The wheels of a vehicle splash through the puddles on the ground as it tears down a muddy road.

UMP9: Watch out on that side!

Rumble!

RO635: Commander!

RO635: Up there ! Look up!

Commander: ...?!

At RO635's urgent cry, everyone raises their head.

There comes the sound of turning rotor blades, and a helicopter slowly rises from the helipad.

ST AR-15 immediately makes out the figure sitting in the pilot's seat.

ST AR-15: ... Crap.

ST AR-15: It's Morridow! She's about to escape!

Khaybar: Miss M4 is in the co-pilot's seat! She... She seems unconscious!

Khaybar: My call isn't getting through!

416: Dammit! Can't we shoot them down?!

Commander: No! We'd risk injuring M4 by accident!

416: That's still better than letting her get kidnapped, right?!

Khaybar: Shoot... We're this close!

Khaybar: If we had acted just a bit earlier—

Khaybar: Wait... Who's that?

ST AR-15: Wha...

M4 SOPMOD II: That's...!

Commander: ...!!

...

The helicopter is still climbing. Putting M4 in the clearly visible co-pilot's seat is a warning in itself.

Morridow: I knew you wouldn't have the guts to fire. I win.

At this distance, Morridow can clearly see the Commander's group coming after her.

Morridow: As long as I bring her back... Father won't begrudge me for my past mistakes.

Morridow: What a shame, Nimogen.

Morridow: The tables have turned and you can't stop me... No one can stop me! I just have to bring you back with me, and I'll regain Father's trust!

Morridow: In the end, I'm the only perfect one out of all of Father's creations!

M4A1, who is still in a deep slumber, makes no response.

Morridow: The same miracle won't happen a second time.

Morridow: ...In the end, I am the only perfect creation!

Right now, her heart has soared through the heavy clouds that have been oppressing her.

She has succeeded. Her contribution to Father's cause has cemented her position, proven her prestige—

Thunk!

Morridow: Huh?!

With a loud noise, the helicopter suddenly starts rocking violently.

Morridow: What...What's happening?!

Thunk!

Before Morridow can figure out what is going on, the noise comes again, and the helicopter rocks harder.

This time, Morridow finally identifies the source of the noise. Something is ramming into the helicopter—

Morridow: You... What?!

???: ...

Morridow: !

She can hardly believe what she's seeing.

She knows that the helicopter is currently flying through the air, and the readings on her dashboard confirm that.

However...

Morridow: What... what the hell?!!!

Morridow: How... how the hell did you get up here?!

???: ...

It is a Doll.

Clinging onto the outside of the helicopter against an inky backdrop.

In her hand is a slender silver cord, and her feet are planted on the outer frame of the fuselage.

Flashing lightning illuminates her cold face through the windows splattered with rain, her silvery white hair gleaming like a specter.

Morridow: W...Wait a second!

???: ...

Through the glass, Morridow can see that Doll's lips moving slightly.

Her voice is drowned out by the rain. Morridow can't hear a single syllable.

The Doll nonchalantly fishes out something from her belt using her free hand, then...

Morridow: No, wait...!

Boom!

An explosion erupts, triggering alarms on the dashboard of the helicopter.

Morridow instantly realizes what just happened.

Morridow: Are you insane, Doll?!

But she is utterly helpless against the attack. All she can do is swerve the helicopter in the hopes that she can shake the T-Doll off.

But before she can put that into action, the Doll has already made her move...

Explosives. She destroyed the rotor system with a sticky bomb.

Morridow: Y-you're trying to drag me to hell with you?!

The Doll...Is grinning.

Morridow: Ugh!!!

The helicopter hovering at a high altitude begins its sharp plunge after losing its rotor system.

The white-haired Doll, still holding on firmly to her silver cord, is still hanging outside the helicopter.

In fact...

Thud!

Morridow: !

With a powerful kick, she launches herself closer to the cabin using her momentum.

As the out-of-control helicopter plummets horizontally, the white Doll has almost made her way into the cockpit.

Morridow: I won't let you—!!

Thud!

Before Morridow can even finish, the Doll's second blow has shattered the cabin door.

Her powerfully-built body hurtles into the cramped space with a massive impact...

And then...

BOOM!!!!

...

...

Morridow: Ugh...

After the second explosion, Morridow knows without a doubt.

She has suffered an overwhelming defeat.

In the roaring flames around them, M16's footsteps toll in Morridow's ears like death knells.

...

Morridow: Haha...

Seemingly resigned to her fate, Morridow turns around to face the approaching Doll, whose pale hair is dyed blood red by the blaze behind her.

Morridow: I remember now... You're the last T-Doll of the AR Team...

M16A1: ...

Morridow is about to speak again, but M16 knocks her out with a single punch.

M16A1: ...Another fake.

After scooping her target into her arms, M16 takes another look around and finally sets her eyes in the direction of the warehouse.

M16A1: ...I suppose it's time.

...

ST AR-15: I'm not seeing things, am I...

M4 SOPMOD II: That...That's...

Commander: ...It's M16.

UMP45: She's fast.

416: You bastard... I knew it.

Boom!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Th-the helicopter has crashed!

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's make our way over there!

Commander: Hold on! Look at the warehouse!

Khaybar: ...!!

As the gate of the warehouse slowly opens, a pungent stench of blood wafts out from within. On both sides of a large freighter, Nytos soaked in spilled blood are busy assembling a gigantic weapon never seen before.

Their intention is obvious—to clear all obstacles on the runway.

RO635: ...Are they planning to fight to the bitter end?

UMP45: Looks like it... They've wasted a lot of time dealing with those Germans.

At the sight of the White Faction standing in formation, the Commander clenches their fists.

Commander: RO, prepare for battle!

RO635: W-what about M4?!

Commander: ...Leave that to M16. Trust her.

Commander: Right now, we've got to do our part—we must stop these weapons from leaving Germany at all costs.
Part 10: -48-3-14.txt

    10chevron_right

...

When the battle is over, there is also no sign of the storm anymore.

416: The cargo is here.

UMP9: Schön！

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh!

Just then, SOP-II looks outside the warehouse and lets out a joyous yelp.

ST AR-15: M16... M4?!

A familiar figure slowly strolls up to the group with strong lights shining from behind.

With M4 hanging on one arm, she tosses the other escapee onto the ground.

UMP45: ...

M16A1: ...All taken care of.

She first meets UMP45's eyes and offers her a little wave.

But UMP45 just turns away instantly as if she didn't see the gesture.

M16 doesn't seem all that bothered and simply turns to look at the Commander, who's standing closest to her.

Commander: ...

The Commander has been staring at her ever since she swaggered into the warehouse.

They look like they have quite a lot to say, but they don't know where to start now that she is standing here in person.

M16A1: ...Why are you all looking at me like that?

Returning everyone's dumbfounded gaze, M16 shrugs and breaks the ice with a smile.

M16A1: Do I have something on my face?

M4 SOPMOD II: M... M16!!

Awkwardness all forgotten, SOP-II lunges at M16A1.

The latter sidesteps the eager embrace without twitching a single muscle on her face, causing SOP-II to catch nothing but air.

M16A1: Who's going to take this little princess off me? Doesn't look like she's about to wake up any time soon.

ST AR-15: ...Oh!

ST AR-15 finally shakes herself out of her frozen state of shock and rushes up to take the unconscious M4 from M16.

M16A1: She's very weak and will need to sleep for a while.

Commander: You...

The Commander, bursting with questions, opens their mouth, but in the end, all the questions just get lodged in the back of the their throat.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 looks up at M16.

Right now, she is physically the closest to her. She just can't fathom why her friend is always like this.

She never fails to pick a timing that makes it hard for people to admonish her whenever she leaves or returns.

Why did she leave them behind? Why did she abandon M4?

...But from the moment she rescued M4, 15 no longer has the right to begrudge her for that.

ST AR-15: ...You asshole.

She tightens her grip on M4 and shoots daggers at M16.

RO635: ...

RO635 is also staring at M16.

...Like ST AR-15, she is struggling to rein in her raging emotions.

M16 is back. Her return makes RO feel confused, puzzled, suspicious, doubtful.

But all these emotions are overshadowed by joy. She must admit... She is incredibly glad to see M16 again, and she welcomes her wholeheartedly.

Commander: ...Welcome back.

M16A1: Thanks.

Returning the Commander's ambivalent gaze, M16 just smiles faintly.

The smile takes the Commander right back to the original Griffin base two years ago.

M16A1: ...

...Only when M16's smile turns into a grimace does the Commander return to the present.

Her white hair suddenly looks very strange and jarring.

Commander: What on earth... Happened to you afterwards?

M16A1: Forget it... It's not worth mentioning.

Surrounded by the AR Team, M16 walks up to the Commander.

She looks at the Commander and puts a hand on their shoulder.

M16A1: Thank you for everything.

Commander: ...

The Commander takes a deep breath.

Commander: Welcome home.

M16A1: ...

M16 chuckles awkwardly at the Commander's open arms, but still goes in for a hug obligingly.

She lets go after a brief moment.

M16A1: To be honest... I'm really not used to this.

M4 SOPMOD II: M16! I want a hug too!!

M16A1: Uh... Hold on, you're heav...

RO635: (Sobs)

RO635 can't hold herself back any longer and also wraps her arms tightly around M16 as well.

ST AR-15: ...

Watching her two friends, ST AR-15 takes a deep breath, as if to steel herself for some kind of embarrassment.

M16A1: What... Not you too? You're not the type for this kind of thing... No, wait! This is getting too heavy!

ST AR-15: I don't care. You deserve it.

M16A1: Wait... Tsk!

Watching the AR Team all squeezed in a tight embrace, the Commander lets out an amused chuckle.

...There are still a lot of questions they want to ask, but right now, for both the Commander and the AR Team, nothing matters more than this precious moment spent together with friends.

...

...

...

???: ...The cargo is stuck within the border.

???: Can the "fireworks" go off according to schedule?

In a dark office, a man tabs his cigar and picks his words carefully as he drawls in a low and husky voice.

Oberstein: ...Of course.

Oberstein: It will be exceptionally bright and dazzling... We will make sure the whole world gets to see the amazing spectacle tonight.

???: Alright.

After the call, Oberstein puts out the cigar. He rises from his chair and turns around to look out the window.

With a commanding view over half of Berlin, he silently beholds its splendor.

Oberstein: ...This place...

Oberstein: ...Belongs only to us.

He murmurs as he overlooks the city in the dark.

Like a demon lurking in the shadows.

Inside the Paradeus base.

Mrs. Gray: ...

With a sigh, Gray puts the report she is holding back on the table.

Mrs. Gray: What a surprise. To think Teacher would actually lose twice.

Grig: ...

Grig stands quietly by Gray's side. She does not seem particularly bothered by this failure.

Mrs. Gray: ...I know what you're going to say, Darling.

Mrs. Gray: But this failure was a failure of Paradeus as a whole, and not of myself or Teacher in particular.

Grig: ...I simply hope that you will gain more.

Mrs. Gray: Thank you.

Gray's expression softens.

Mrs. Gray: You must learn to be patient, Grig.

Mrs. Gray: Father's cause and the future of Paradeus are the ultimate goal of everything we do, and failure will not be tolerated.

Grig: ...Right.

Grig nods obediently and concedes the point.

Grig: They've taken the weapons. It will be harder to regain the initiative going forward.

Gray nods thoughtfully, and taps on the table with her other hand.

Mrs. Gray: ...However, we still have a trump card, don't we?

Mrs. Gray: How is her examination going?

Grig: I disassembled her body and found no abnormalities. She has already been reassembled.

Grig: Her neural cloud cannot be analyzed for the moment. For safety's sake, I feel we should keep her in solitary confinement.

Mrs. Gray: Oh, don't be so jealous, Grig.

Mrs. Gray: Since we cannot read her heart, why don't we have her prove herself again?

Grig: ...

Grig: ...I understand.

In J's home.

Shadowless: ...One of Galatea's contractors was shot in his own home. Police are still...

J: ...Tsk.

Annoyed, J turns off the TV and buries his head in his hands.

Those eyes have been staring at him all this while, and nothing he does can ease the frustration he feels.

J: Hey! How long are you going to stay here, anyway?!

Unable to bear it anymore, he shouts at the Doll seated on the chair.

Mona: Frau Romy ordered me to monitor your every move, Agent J.

Mona: As my neural cloud has only just been repaired, this also counts as a form of rehabilitation. I seek your understanding, Agent J.

J: But that doesn't mean you need to LIVE in my house as well, right?

J: I don't have anything to feed you!

Mona: For me, eating and drinking are simply accessory functions of the "Uncanny Valley Protocol".

Mona: There is no need to worry; my operational efficiency will not be affected even if I do not take in nutrients.

J: ...

Multiple expressions flash across J's face as he struggles to contain himself. In the end, he gives up.

He stands up from the sofa—

Mona: Where are you going, Agent J?

J: The bathroom! You want to follow me inside?!

Mona: ...I see.

Mona nods then she gets to her feet as well.

J: Are you SERIOUSLY going in there with me?!

Mona: I will be waiting outside for you.

J: ...

With Mona following him closely, J storms into the bathroom and slams the door.

Mona looks around, then pulls up a small chair and sits at the door of the bathroom.

...

J: I bet her brain isn't fully fixed yet...

After a brief bout of griping, J lowers the toilet lid and sits on it, then takes out his other communicator hidden underneath his clothes.

J: ...Humph, it's not over yet.

Apparently, the Commander intercepted that weapons shipment.

J: That woman... probably wanted this to be the end of the whole business.

J: Most likely some bigwig is involved, that's why she keeps hiding things. But don't think I'm going to stop here...

After making up his mind, J dials a familiar number on his communicator.

Click.

The call goes through.

Nele: Agent J?

...This is the last card he can play.

He needs to learn more from Nele.

Nele: ...What a coincidence, I was just about to call you.

J: What's up?

Nele: That Umruss... Did you kill him?

J: ...Of course not, but I was there when he died.

Nele: ...Agent J, you're a Stasi agent and I cannot possibly have a worse impression of you than I do now, so there's no need to be evasive.

J: Dammit woman, I told you, I didn't do it!!!

Knock knock knock—

Mona: Is something the matter, Agent J?

J: I'm fine! Are you going to nag me for talking to myself?

Mona: ...Alright.

Nele: Are you on a date? If you are, then I'll contact you later...

J: No! Don't!

J deliberately lowers his voice.

J: I'm calling you on serious business.

J: Could you help me look up...

Nele: I already did.

J: But I haven't even said anything...

Nele: I found more information about Umruss.

J: ...Huh?

Nele: I managed to grab a keycard with greater access and searched for more information.

Nele: The system doesn't have any records of transport destinations, but I found a set of coordinates, which probably correspond to a factory. I don't know what the factory is for, but I think you ought to check it out.

J: Well done, Frau Nele! You're an old hand at this now!

J is so excited that he almost forgets to keep his voice down.

Nele: I'm going to take responsibility for the Idunn thing.

Nele: I was wrong for not taking your advice beforehand.

Nele's voice sounds a bit different than usual.

J: ...I'm not really used to hearing you speak like that.

Nele: ...

J: Did something happen?

Nele: ...I'll tell you once this is all taken care of.

J: It's not like you to stumble over your words.

Nele: ...

Nele hangs up on him from the other end of the connection.

J: ...I just have the worst luck with women today.

J: Ugh, forget it. We can get back to work now that we have new information.

...

In a safe house on the outskirts of Berlin.

Khaybar: We'll let the Earl take care of those weapons. Will that be alright, Commander?

Commander: Yeah, I'll leave it to you.

Khaybar salutes, then turns to leave.

However, a strange awkwardness lingers inside the safe house. RO and the other Dolls crowd nervously around the bed, watching the still-unconscious M4 uneasily.

M16A1: Why are you all so tense, anyway?

M16 sits in the corner of the room, looking very relaxed.

ST AR-15: ...M4 hasn't woken up yet and you're asking us why we're tense?

M4 SOPMOD II: 16! When will M4 wake up?!

M16A1: ...Do you really think that's M4?

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

M16 opens a pack of compact food and munches on them as she looks up at ST AR-15.

M16A1: I understand that you're concerned about her, but don't let your feelings overrule your rationality.

M16A1: She isn't M4 at all.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, 16, I don't think you know, but!

M4 SOPMOD II: She may look like someone else, but she's really M4 on the inside!

M16A1: No, she's not... At least, she's not the one we're looking for.

M16A1: She IS M4, but at the same time she isn't.

Commander: What does that mean?

M16A1: Exactly what I said.

ST AR-15: And how do you know that?

M16A1: I've spent a long time searching for M4... Longer than you can imagine. I can tell the difference, but actually explaining it is a bit of a pain.

M16A1: More importantly, you ought to think about how to deal with that woman.

Commander: They're both matters of great concern to us.

Commander: I'll deal with Morridow—I don't need or expect to gain any more information from her.

Commander: As for M4... No matter what you might think, she's still part of the team, and a member of the AR Team.

M16A1: You haven't changed a bit, Commander.

Commander: ...Are you really not going to rejoin the AR Team?

Commander: Everyone here is willing to accept you.

Commander: We'd welcome you back.

M16A1: No, at least one person wouldn't.

Commander: Who?

M16A1: Myself.

Commander: ...

M16 stretches her legs, then gets up from her chair and dusts herself off.

M16A1: Aw, don't look so sad. I told you, didn't I? For the time being, I'm at your disposal.

Commander: What does that mean?

M16A1: ...I'll have to go sooner or later.

Commander: ...

M16A1: I came to Berlin with a mission of my own.

M16A1: I'll stick with you until I receive further orders.

M16A1: On the flip side, it means I'll leave once there's progress on my mission.

Commander: ...I see.

Beep beep beep.

UMP45: Sorry to interrupt your conversation, but this is urgent—we've got news.

Commander: What news?

UMP45: We just got word from Agent J.

Commander: J?

UMP45: It's a set of coordinates.

Commander: Have you checked them?

UMP45: It's a plant on the outskirts of Berlin. Classified stuff, unauthorized personnel are strictly forbidden to enter, that sort of thing.

Commander: ...Yet another Paradeus den.

UMP45: J claims that this place was very important, but he's been suspended from duty and he's having trouble slipping his minder.

UMP45: He arranged to meet us there.

Commander: ...I see. Got it.

Commander: Well, let's move out. The mission isn't over yet.

Inside the command center in the heart of the base, Carter is sitting at a desk and adjusting the frequencies on a radio.

Adjutant: General Carter...

The adjutant can't resist the urge to speak up as he watches Carter's unhurried movements from beside him.

Adjutant: Are we really going to do this?

Carter: Are you scared, adjutant?

Adjutant: No, of course not. However, I do not understand the rationale behind this course of action. Are we really going to work together with those people?

Carter: ...

After ensuring the channel is correct, Carter leans back in his chair and interlaces his fingers.

Carter: The basis of cooperation is mutual trust and mutual aid.

Carter: If need be, anyone can be our friend.

Carter: This is a necessary sacrifice for the resurrection of our Motherland.

Adjutant: ...Yes.

Carter: ...Is the "Patriot" ready?

Subordinate: Ready and waiting.

Carter: Good.

Carter peers at the list of names on the desk with narrowed eyes.

Carter: Our friend... He is a dangerous politician. He will sell anything for the right price.

Carter: ...But he is exactly like us in one regard.

Carter: He loves his country dearly.

...
Part 2: -48-4-2.txt

2

At the Galatea Corporation Building.

Inside the Gray Biotechnology Research Center.

Eicher: Sorry, but the research center will not be entertaining interviews for the... Wait, Nele?

After seeing who the visitor is, the researcher who's still in the labs exclaims in surprise.

Nele: Good evening, Herr Eicher.

Nele: I need to apologize, I was too rash last night.

Eicher: Don't worry about it, everyone's like that when they first start out.

Eicher: Back then, I was really impulsive and hot-blooded too.

Nele: ...I arranged a meeting with Mrs. Gray here, but I came a little early.

Nele returns to her former place and sits down, as though it were the most natural thing in the world.

Eicher: I see, it must be about your termination.

Eicher: Now that everyone's being processed, I guess it should be my turn soon.

Nele: Hm, I haven't thought about where I'll be going next.

Nele looks at him and while she keeps the conversation going, she quickly switches on her own computer.

Eicher: Didn't Iverson mention a research institute in Bremen last time? Are you interested?

Nele: ...Bremen's too far away...

Nele: I prefer Berlin.

Though her heart is pounding, Nele does her best to keep her expression perfectly neutral. After all, she needs to plug a hard disk in while Eicher is watching...

Save the evidence... She needs to save the evidence...

Eicher: But it shouldn't matter where you go since you're so young, right?

Nele: I think being in Berlin will be more relaxing.

Eicher: Fair enough, to each their own.

Beepbeepbeep...

Access granted...

Copying files...

Eicher: Speaking of which, how many months of salary are you going to ask for?

Nele: Oh, I... I haven't considered that question.

Eicher: Huh? Aren't you here to discuss your severance bonus?

Nele: ...What I mean is, I didn't think about asking for extra severance pay.

Nele: I'll take whatever Mrs. Gray gives me!

Eicher: What?! If you don't ask about it, she'll only give you the minimum required amount in your contract!

Eicher: Considering we all worked less than a year here, in theory it means we won't get much.

Nele: Say what?! Less than a year...? So none of you have been working here for more than a year?

Eicher: That's right. Iverson's been around the longest, but even he only joined last November.

Nele: ...Herr Eicher, when you joined the company, you knew what the research direction was, right?

Eicher: Of course.

Nele: But this institute has been around for years... What about our previous seniors?

Eicher: Well, I heard that their incompetence got them all...

...

Eicher: Ah, Mrs. Gray!

Eicher: Nele, which room were you going to use for your meeting?

Nele: ...

The progress bar is at 87%... Nele is so tense that her face is turning red.

She slowly turns around...

Nele: Mrs. Gray.

Gray is standing at the doorway. She narrows her eyes as she looks at Nele, and smiles.

Mrs. Gray: Eicher, would you mind stepping outside for a moment? I have something to discuss with Nele.

Eicher hurriedly nods and practically runs out of the room.

Mrs. Gray: It's been a while, Nele.

As she looks at Gray's inscrutable smile, Nele works up her courage.

Nele: Mrs. Gray, the first time we met, you once told me...

Nele: Skills are secondary; morality is paramount.

Mrs. Gray: That's what we tell outsiders, but in the industry, people will only pay for your skills, and not your sense of ethics.

Nele: You knew very well that Idunn couldn't be used for human trials after changing the research direction, right?

Mrs. Gray: It's true, I should have informed you earlier. I've already taken care of that refugee brain death incident. You won't be taking any of the blame.

Nele: ...You once went to many refugee districts, where you conducted trials of Idunn.

Mrs. Gray: It was all legal.

Nele: Even if Idunn passed the pharmacological trials, the fact is that for those suffering from ELID, its growth factors accelerate the spread of infected cells.

Nele: Mrs. Gray, this is murder!

Mrs. Gray: No, this is salvation.

Mrs. Gray: The only way to cure ELID is with the patient's own immunoproteins.

Nele: ...But nobody has developed immunity so far!

Mrs. Gray: Those people didn't make the grade. They were too weak.

Mrs. Gray: Once we select for a satisfactory immunosome, we will have truly succeeded in developing the cure for ELID.

Nele: Does everyone in this lab approve of your madness?

Mrs. Gray: I thought you were a smart one. As long as the experiments succeed, your name will be in the history books.

Nele: And what about the people who died to make it happen?

Mrs. Gray: ...Every advance in humankind's history has been accompanied by sacrifice.

Mrs. Gray: It is the price that we must pay.

To Nele, the fact that Gray can so casually utter the word "sacrifice" is both incredibly offensive and insulting.

Nele: ...Who ARE you, Mrs. Gray?

Mrs. Gray: ...

Nele: Medicines were created because people couldn't just leave their sick friends for dead!

Nele: Humans aren't like wild beasts, they can't just abandon, slaughter and cannibalize their fellows who can't find food! That's why we help them to find medicine and ease their suffering!

Mrs. Gray: ...

Nele: EVERYONE is weak in the face of illness.

Nele: And we will all become weak some day.

Nele: That's why we need to treat the development of every serum, every medicine with the utmost respect!

Mrs. Gray: ...

Nele: How could the woman standing before me be the same one who told me that before?

Nele: To think you could just dismiss people's pain and suffering as "sacrifice" so casually... "Old Pete" is still in St. Marien-Hospital right now, and my conscience is plagued day and night because of that. Mrs. Gray, how could you "take care" of that? How DID you "take care" of it, anyway?

Nele: Your heart once beat with compassion, Mrs. Gray.

Nele: But as you are now, I doubt you even have a heart...

Mrs. Gray: ...I don't have such a weakness, of course.

Nele: ?!

A smile creeps across Gray's face. She is now buzzing with the excitement of a predator sighting prey.

The stinger hidden behind her back slowly reveals itself, reaching out toward the impudent girl.

Nele: You...

Mrs. Gray: I can't believe this is where I slipped up...

Mrs. Gray: We were short-handed back then, so I thought using someone with an empty CV like you wouldn't be a problem.

Mrs. Gray: But it's plain to see there is nothing else for us to talk about, isn't that so?

Nele: ...

Gray smiles in amusement.

Mrs. Gray: Didn't you want to know who I was?

Nele: ...I think I have a rough idea.

Mia approaches the bedroom, carrying a tray that is heaped with a much bigger helping of dinner than usual. She calls out in a coaxing voice.

Mia: Nele, it's time to eat.

Mia: ...Please don't be mad, I stopped you from going for your own good.

Mia: Why don't we have dinner? I made pasta and your favorite cream of mushroom soup.

There is no sound at all from behind the door. Nele still seems to be sulking.

Wait... no sound at all?

Mia: ...Nele?

Realizing that something is wrong, Mia puts the dinner tray on the nearby side table and fishes out her key to unlock the door.

Mia: —Nele?!

The window in the empty room is wide open. The curtains and bedsheets aren't in their original places; they have been tied into a rope which dangles outside the window.

Mia: ...N-Nele!!!

Mia runs out of the room, and in her panic, she knocks the tray on the side table over.

The sticky mushroom soup and the spaghetti bolognese spill onto the floor.

J slowly exits the bathroom in high spirits, even humming a tune.

J: ...

J: ...Urgh! Why are you still at the door?

Mona: You were in there for 36 minutes and 47 seconds, Agent J. Are you unwell?

J: Please don't keep annoying records like that.

J: I simply spaced out in there because I didn't want to see you.

Mona: But—

Knock knock knock.

Mona: —!

Alarmed, Mona springs to her feet and tightens her grip on her gun, before turning to look at the doorway from which the knocking came.

Mona: ...An unsolicited visit. Please wait here, Agent J, I'll go get the door.

J: Wait, that ought to be...

Mona ignores J's attempts to stop her and walks up to the door with her gun ready before carefully opening it.

RPK-16: Hello~♪

Mona: W-what?!

As she sees the Doll outside, a yelp of surprise escapes the ever-calm Mona.

RPK-16: May I come in?

Mona: W-wait!

J: Please come in.

J: I invited her here.

Mona: You invited— Agent J, what did you do in the bathroom?!

Mona: How did you contact her? Isn't this the missing member of Task Force DEFY?

RPK-16: Please, Mr. J, you're skipping over too much.

RPK-16: I'm sorry, Miss, but in truth, I was the one who contacted Mr. J first.

Mona: You...

Mona eyes RPK-16 warily as she enters the house.

Mona: ...Why did you choose to suddenly show up now? Where did you go when that Soviet agent...When Miss Angelia disappeared?

RPK-16: I've already explained the details to Mr. J over the comm.

RPK-16: Simply put, when Ange was captured, I was outnumbered and alone, and could only operate in secret to verify the location where Ange was being held.

RPK-16: I originally wanted to contact the Commander, but I never got the chance.

J: I just received a set of coordinates leading to a certain Paradeus plant. Since Frau Silver Fox's investigation also points toward the same plant, I think we hit the jackpot this time... If nothing goes wrong, Ange is very likely to be there...Right?

RPK-16: Indeed.

Mona: ...I still find it hard to believe. This is just too rash.

Mona: I'm sorry if this offends you, RPK-16, but I find your abrupt appearance rather dubious. At the very least, I should report this to Frau Romy before deciding what to do next.

RPK-16: I understand your concern, but I can't wait that long.

RPK-16: The battlefield is ever-changing, and if we miss this opportunity, there's no telling when we'll be able to find another clue to Ange's location.

RPK-16 rummages in her tactical bag and pulls out a small object, then tosses it to J.

RPK-16: You've already given the coordinates to the Commander, haven't you?

RPK-16: If you can't make it, I don't mind going alone. As it happens, I can meet up with the Commander and the others by myself.

J catches the object RPK-16 threw to him. It feels cool against his skin.

He slowly opens his hand. The sight of the object makes his eye twitch.

Mona: "U"...

It is a cufflink engraved with the letter "U".

J: ...I'll go with you.

Mona: Agent J?!

J: Report it to whoever you want. That woman won't be stopping me even if she turns up in person.

J clenches his fist and puts the cufflink on his own sleeve.

J: I've made up my mind to do this long ago. Even if I regret it now, there's no taking it back.

Mona: Wait, what do you mean by "no taking it back?"?

Stasi Agent: Boss! You home?

Another commotion comes from the doorway. Mona looks toward it and her jaw drops; there are over a dozen Stasi agents crowding around it.

J: Did you really think I spent so long in the bathroom just to chat up Frau Silver Fox?

Mona: ...

Stasi Agent: Boss, this is everyone we could assemble.

Stasi Agent: We're with you, no matter where you go!

Stasi Agent: Yeah!

RPK-16: ...What a surprise.

RPK-16: Turns out you're quite popular, Herr J.

J: Since we're all here, let's move out.

J: We've already fallen behind, we mustn't keep the Commander waiting.

Mona: Wait... Please wait!

J: ...Frau Silver Fox, could you keep Mona quiet for a bit?

RPK-16: I can do that, but I'm not going to take responsibility for it, you know?

Mona: ...

Mona stares at the hot-blooded mob and has no choice but to shrug in resignation.

Mona: Alright, I understand.

Mona: I won't report this to Frau Romy for now.

Mona: But in exchange, I'm coming with you.

J: ...Say what?

Mona: If you must go, then I'll go with you.

Mona: My mission is to keep an eye on you and I have to carry out my mission wherever you go.

J looks at Mona, momentarily at a loss for words.

RPK-16: Won't an extra hand be better?

J: ...Whatever.

Mona: ...

Seeing as J is no longer objecting, Mona lets out a quiet sigh of relief. She turns and glances at RPK-16, who is still smiling warmly at them.

...Perhaps it's just her imagination, but she has a bad feeling about this.
Part 3: -48-4-3.txt

3

...

Khaybar: Coordinates confirmed. The destination is just ahead.

By accessing Berlin's official map archive with special clearance, the Commander and company easily found the plant that J mentioned.

Commander: ...This must be it. Stop the vehicle here, we're walking the rest of the way.

Commander: 9, please stay in the vehicle as our point of contact. Also, keep an eye on M4 and Morridow.

UMP9: Sure! Leave that to me~ ♪

Gr G11: Ugh... Can't I stay behind as well...?

416: Don't even think about it. This is where your external battery comes in useful.

ST AR-15: There's a "No Entry" sign on the fence.

UMP45: So are you just gonna pack your bags and go home?

ST AR-15: ...That's not what I mean.

ST AR-15 walks a few steps forward and cuts down a few bushes and weeds in her way with a knife.

ST AR-15: That logo up there doesn't look like Paradeus' logo. Is it a new design that I'm not aware of?

Khaybar: This is the German government's emblem.

M16A1: What's the surprise? We knew Paradeus had ties with the government all along.

RO635: Yeah, but all the facilities we've attacked before belonged to either Paradeus or Galatea.

RO635: Seeing a building that's clearly advertising its connections with the government... This is a first.

M4 SOPMOD II: Who cares?! We just have to kill all the Paradeus that we run into, right?!

Commander: ...This IS strange, but on the flip side, it also means that we've found Paradeus's actual seat of power this time.

Commander: 45, any news from J?

UMP45: Not a peep, unfortunately.

Commander: ...Should we wait for him before we move?

Commander: Honestly, even though he did say this is a key location, we don't actually know what's in there.

M16A1: ...I don't know what's in there either, but someone seems to be pretty impatient.

Commander: Hm?

The Commander's brow furrows. An indistinct noise drifts into earshot.

Commander: ...Is that coming from inside the plant?

The Commander looks up. Sounds of destruction come from inside the dark and seemingly empty building.

Commander: Someone's in there!

Commander: They're wrecking the facility!

RO635: Commander!

Commander: We can't afford to wait for him! We're going in now! Hurry!

...

J: ...What a barren piece of land.

RPK-16: This just goes to show what's so special about this base. I was quite surprised when I first found this place as well.

Mona: A metal fence... We don't have permission to enter the premises, do we?

Stasi Agent: J, is the fence ahead cut open?

J: You're right. There's quite a large opening.

RPK-16: Oh, that was my doing. I created the opening when I first came and scouted out the place.

J: I see... So you've been here before?

RPK-16: Just to take a quick look around outside the plant. Since I was operating alone, it would be difficult to escape if I got spotted by the people inside.

J: That's true. In that case, let's make this quick and go in right away.

Mona: Hold on.

Mona: Aren't you going to wait for the Commander?

RPK-16: They've probably gone in already. I'm seeing some tracks here.

Mona: But the plant is quiet as a tomb... More importantly... Agent J, are you sure these are the coordinates?

Mona: I don't have clearance to access the map archive, but this doesn't feel right... Maybe we should double-check just to be sure?

J: What exactly do you mean?

Mona: ...I think we shouldn't charge in recklessly.

RPK-16: Are you done yet?

RPK-16: If you're worried, I can go on ahead and check out the place while you stay here.

J: No, no need for that. We'll go in together.

Mona: Agent J!

J: Jacques, bring someone to scout out the east and check the surroundings.

J: You've brought a detonator, right? Rig the explosives along the perimeter 50 meters away. That will stop any pursuers when we withdraw.

Stasi Agent: Understood!

J: Bauer, come here.

J: I need you to set up a temporary radio station here.

J: We have no idea what's going on in there; normal comms could be intercepted and monitored.

J: Check with the others. We need a restricted and encrypted comm link.

Stasi Agent: Roger!

J: Once we're in, maintain 3-4-3 formation and watch each other's blind spots.

J: I know you're all itching to take down some big fish, but their firepower could be ten times more superior.

J: Besides, we're about to enter their territory. If we start exchanging fire, I need a route of retreat immediately.

J: We'll be using the same code system and p2p comms.

J: Etch the mission objective into your brains—find the rescue target, Angelia.

Agents: Yes, sir!

J: ...Happy?

Mona: ...

Mona has no more reason to object to the mission. She nods.

Mona: Then please lead the way, Miss RPK-16.

RPK-16: This way.
Part 4: -48-4-4-point1.txt

4

RO635: Commander, the layout and atmosphere of this plant somehow feel different from the previous ones.

ST AR-15: It feels more like a military factory.

Commander: Search carefully. We might find evidence of Paradeus' collusion with other forces.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander...

M4 SOPMOD II: A Paradeus unit is mopping the floor over there...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: No, it's erasing traces on the floor!

RO635: Stop it, quick!
Part 5: -48-4-4-point2.txt

5

UMP9: 45, why are you spacing out in front of that piece of equipment?

UMP45: I'm just thinking what parts these newest machines contain.

416: Don't be so stingy. If you've got damaged parts to replace, just go to Dier.

Commander: Destroy all the equipment in here. Leave nothing for the enemy!

UMP45: Strange, isn't it? They are the same parts. When given to us, they serve the purpose of protecting humans.

UMP45: But when equipped to these machines, they become weapons that take human lives.

UMP9: 45...

Gr G11: Zzzz...

416: ...

416: Stop thinking about such nonsense. Hurry up and tear everything apart.
Part 6: -48-4-5.txt

6

Paradeus factory production line.

Thunk!

The massive white mech finally keels over. M16A1's and UMP45's eyes meet briefly over its remains.

ST AR-15: This is definitely a Paradeus combat unit. Looks like we're at the right place.

RO635: But no one else is here.

Commander: Then we can only hope—

Click.

M16A1: ...!

M16 is the first to react. She lifts her own weapon immediately.

???: Freeze.

A muzzle is pointed toward the group from within the shadow. Against so many T-Dolls, the one pistol looks almost pitiful.

But the Commander can sense great courage and determination from the figure wielding it.

Commander: Who are you?

???: I could as you the same question, stranger.

The cold female voice ignores the Commander's question. It betrays not a shred of fear even though the woman is outnumbered.

M16A1: Don't be hasty, human.

M16A1: I have ten thousand ways of cutting off your nerve reflex before you can squeeze the trigger.

???: Oh, I don't doubt that.

???: However, even if there's only a 5% chance...

???: Are you willing to wager your Commander's life? Will you wager that my bullet won't hit your Commander?

M16A1: ...

???: So answer my question—what are you doing here?

Commander: ...

...

Berlin City.

Feeling extremely anxious, Mia pulls in at the kerb in front of Gray's research center.

Mia: What...What's happening?

There is a massive crowd at the entrance of the building.

...What is going on?

Mia: Excuse me! P-please let me through!

Reporter: Stop pushing! Don't you know how to queue?

Reporter: ...A Doll? Which news agency are you with?!

Mia: No, I-I'm with one of the researchers here.

Mia: May I ask what happened in there?

Reporter: What's your rush if you're not here for the story?! We're getting news about Mrs. Gray!

Reporter: Do you have any idea how long it's been since she last appeared in front of the cameras?!

Reporter: Not to mention this is going to be a shocking exposé, and I got here first!

It's impossible to reason with this reporter, but she can't just squeeze her way through the crowd either. Mia backs away anxiously.

(Dial tone... )

(Dial tone... ... )

(Dial tone... ... ... )

Mia: Pick up... Pick up!

Mia: I beg you... Nele!

Standing at the bottom of the building, she looks up and immediately locates the floor that Nele used to work on.

The lights are on at the Gray Biotechnology Research Center.

Click.

Call disconnected. No answer.

Mia: Nele...

Mia's eyes are glued to the windows of that particular floor. She can almost feel her non-existent heart give out.

Mia: ...Please, I beg you, don't do anything stupid.

No matter what, she has to get through the crowd and find a way into the building.

Even if it's too late, she must get to Nele's side.

She has to.

...

...

...

In the silent plant, other than the occasional drop of water dripping on the floor, all is utterly still and quiet.

With RPK-16 in the lead, J and his subordinates carefully make their way into the bowels of the plant.

Even their own breathing is almost imperceptible.

J: ...

They are advancing very slowly, but not just out of caution.

J gestures wordlessly with his index and middle fingers, and the whole team come to a stop.

RPK-16: ...What is it, Mr. J?

J: ...We've been in here for five minutes, but we haven't run into anything that breathes. Isn't that odd?

J: Also... I have another question.

J swallows and drags a finger lightly over a piece of transport equipment.

It is coated in a thick layer of dust.

J: I don't mean to doubt you, but why is this familiar logo everywhere inside the plant?

RPK-16: You mean the emblem of the German Ministry of Defense?

J: ...Yes.

J gazes at RPK-16, waiting for her to give an explanation.

J: Is this really a Paradeus den?

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 smiles as she leans in closer to J.

RPK-16: ...Why indeed, Mr. J?

RPK-16: In any case... I'm absolutely certain that this is a Paradeus den.

RPK-16: Because I saw the Nyto who captured Ange came inside with my own eyes.

RPK-16: But everywhere we look, we see traces left by your government... Why is that?

RPK-16: I'm also searching for an answer.

J: ...

J's mind starts racing.

J: ...The government has a deal with Paradeus.

RPK-16: ...Ange has always been suspicious of you lot. We thought she was being paranoid, but it would seem that's not entirely true.

J: I also suspected that some bigwigs were colluding with Galatea.

J: But I never thought it could be this serious... To think even the Ministry of Defense is involved...

Mona: ...Agent J, aren't you just reading too much into it?

J: No, this explains everything.

J: You already knew the truth behind those weapons, didn't you?

J: That's not something our Military can produce. It's got to be Paradeus tech.

RPK-16: I see...

RPK-16 looks around thoughtfully.

RPK-16: Paradeus provides its technology to the Ministry of Defense, and the government funds the manufacture of weapons in large quantities.

RPK-16: Even if this isn't their production line, it may still be a refinement plant.

J: Land from the Ministry, tech from Paradeus... This does make for the perfect hideout.

RPK-16: In the heart of this plant... Or rather, on the lower levels, that's where the real den is.

J catches on to what RPK-16 is implying and nods.

J: I bet... That's where we'll find more secrets.

RPK-16: Why don't we hit them before they have time to react?

RPK-16: If we wait till they find us, even if the Commander makes it here in time, we'll have to fight a tough battle.

RPK-16's voice is almost hypnotizing.

J: ...

RPK-16: Come with me. I know how to get to the heart of the plant.

J takes a deep breath. Then he nods and gestures at his team again.

The agents spread out on his order, each watching their assigned direction vigilantly.

RPK-16 gives J a satisfied nod and continues to lead the way.

Mona: ...

...Are things really that simple? Mona's unease grows more and more pronounced.

She shouldn't doubt RPK-16... But for some reason, this woman has a very sinister air about her that just rubs Mona the wrong way.
Part 7: -48-4-7.txt

7

...

Outside the Paradeus plant.

Like a dancer under the moonlight, the beautiful woman treads on the blood-soaked soil, leisurely walking towards her stage.

Her clothes rustle softly, like the vegetation, and the fragrance of the grass is blended with the thick stench of blood and gore.

...She is at her happy place.

Bramedb: Why... Why oh why?

Bramedb: Why do humans keep making the same mistakes, over and over again?

Stasi Agent: ...

The Stasi agents staring at her with their bloodshot eyes were supposed to be the rear guard, but they now lie scattered across the ground, utterly dead to the last.

Bramedb: Gray's new pet is surprisingly useful.

She licks the blood that stains her fingertips, and then she looks toward the plant, which is already crawling with activity.

The black shadows behind her in the treeline are like wild beasts that have scented blood, eager to pounce on the plant.

Bramedb: ...Dinnertime.

With light, graceful steps, she begins to walk.

...

Bang!

After downing the last white faction soldier, Mona steps on the corpse with the broken neck and looks back at the dumbfounded agents.

Mona: Target silenced, sweep complete. Please check the battlefield, agents.

Stasi Agent: ...Like, seriously, Boss.

Stasi Agent: Frau Mona is way stronger than us.

J: No kidding, who can possibly compete with a Doll in terms of fighting power?

J: Anyway, everyone present? Any injuries?

Stasi Agent: We're all here and nobody's hurt.

Stasi Agent: Frankly speaking, the enemy's resistance is so weak that it's kind of boring.

J: The whole place is like a dungeon... But the boss inside the last room is such a joke.

J: Yeah, I see why you'd find that underwhelming.

Mona: It's a little too easy.

Counting from the moment they entered the plant, it's taken them half an hour to get here, but only five minutes of that was spent on combat.

These people don't look like a defending garrison left behind to protect a strategic location. They didn't even need the Commander to take care of them.

Things should not have been this easy.

J: Frau Silver Fox, I think something's not quite—

J: ...Where's RPK-16?

Stasi Agent: Huh?

J: Where's that Doll dressed all in white who led us here?

The agents look at each other. That unique splash of white in this black-clad team has vanished at some point, and J did not notice this at all.

Mona: ...I don't know either. When did she disappear?

Mona frowns. She kicks away the corpse by her feet and heads toward the window. Beyond it is a massive, sprawling factory floor.

In the darkness, all she can see are massive machines sleeping quietly. There doesn't seem to be any signs of activity around.

Mona: She's not outside either.

The clouds of unease grow heavier. J plants one foot on an instrument panel and worriedly pulls out his communicator.

J: Frau Silver Fox? Frau Silver Fox? Come in, Frau Silver Fox.

J: Where are you? Please acknowledge.

...

There is no response at all.

J: ...Jacques, Bauer, do you copy? Please acknowledge.

J: What's the situation outside the plant? Do you see the Commander?

J: Jacques? Bauer?

...

There is no response to the transmission.

J: ...

Stasi Agent: ...Maybe there's no signal underground?

Mona: The equipment we're using shouldn't be affected by such a short distance.

Mona: That is, unless someone is deliberately jamming our signals, but I haven't found any traces of that.

J: We can save that for later. Right now, we need to withdraw ASAP.

J: This doesn't feel—

Mona: GET DOWN!

Mona suddenly cries out, and at almost the same moment, everyone's attention is drawn to the flame blossoming in the darkness.

Stasi Agent: Stinger missile! Take cover!

With an athletic flying tackle, Mona bears J to the ground—

In that instant, the glint of light shatters the window and engulfs the entire room in flame.

Boom!!!

...

Whum...

J's brain is racked by an intense, painful ringing in his ears.

His blurred vision slowly returns to normal, but a dark red canopy obscures half of his eyesight.

Mona: (Pants heavily)

J: ...Mona?

Mona: Agent J?! You're awake?!

J: What...Happened?

Mona: Don't speak...

J: ...What?

Bangbangbang—

Boom!!!

An explosion suddenly goes off near his ear and J's mind is instantly, forcibly pulled back to reality.

His point of view is very low down. All he can see are a pair of legs.

Someone seems to be dragging his upper body and he is slowly being towed backward.

Stasi Agent: Look out!

His subordinate's cry rings out from a high place. The crisp sound of a grenade pin being pulled is followed by an explosion from a distance.

He can see them now. Far away in the tunnel, white faction troops are rushing toward them with weapons ready.

J: ...Tsk.

As his right hand slowly regains strength, he pulls his pistol out from his waistband. J looks up and kills the white trooper running toward him with one shot.

His body is dragged behind cover. It is then that he realizes that it's Mona who's been dragging him all this time.

Mona: Can you stand?

J: (Groans) ...Yeah, yeah I can. I don't think I'm hurt—

J slowly rises to his feet while leaning against the wall for support. That's when he finally gets a good look at Mona, and he is shocked.

Her face has lost almost all human likeness, with more than half of it being exposed, gleaming metal.

The edges of what little synthetic skin that remains intact are being consumed by smoldering flames that are slowly working their way upward..

Mona: ...I'm sorry.

Mona turns her head away with a rustle, hiding her face.

Mona: I apologize if I have triggered your uncanny valley effect.

Mona: However, our main objective now is to escort you from the plant.

J: ...What happened? I remember... Urgh.

His head hurts so badly it feels like it's splitting open. J smacks and shakes it violently.

He doesn't even know what is going on... They were clearing up the scene of the battle in the main control room, then a missile hit and Mona tackled him to the ground...

J: ...

J: Where are the others? Why are you the only ones left?

Stasi Agent: ...

The two agents in front don't say a word. One of them struggles to reach his fire-blackened fingertips into his tactical vest and works a magazine free.

Stasi Agent: You'd better go, boss.

J: ...

J looks at the two men before him. Their helmets are gone, and they have forced smiles on their bloodstained faces.

J: Andre... You...

One of the men has lost a chunk from his belly and the wound is gushing blood.

He's had emergency first-aid performed on him, but one look at his pale face and J knows that it didn't do much.

Stasi Agent: I'll stay behind to accompany him.

The other man rests his gun on the ground and wipes his face.

Stasi Agent: Enemy numbers are beyond our expectations. They've already taken the entire plant.

Stasi Agent: The mission is a failure, but if we can get you out of here, at least it won't be a complete failure.

J: Don't give me that nonsense!

Infuriated, J is about to lose his temper—

But his subordinate drowns him out with an even louder shout.

Stasi Agent: BOSS!

Stasi Agent: ...Just go.

J: You...

Stasi Agent: Frau Mona, our Boss is in your hands.

Mona: ...Understood.

J: Wait, I never said—

Bangbangbang—!!

As they argue, the gunshots start up again.

On the other end of the corridor, the pursuing troops once again lay down suppressive fire on the Stasi agents' cover.

Stasi Agent: Verdammt...

The pale-faced agent pulls the pin on a grenade with his teeth and tosses it out.

Boom!

Stasi Agent: Kevin, you stupid bastard, get the hell out of here already! If you don't manage to escape, I swear my ghost will haunt the shit out of you even after I die!

Stasi Agent: NOW GO!

Bangbangbang!

The other agent braces his gun.

Mona: ...Stop standing around.

J: ...

Mona: Follow me!

J: Fuck... Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!!

J: FUCK!!!

...

Thump!

Mona encounters a Strelet blocking them at the corner, and she slams it into the wall with a shoulder tackle.

Bang!

J gets the range on the Strelet and raises his gun. The white soldier dies from a single shot before it can regain its firing stance.

Mona: (Pants)

Mona's magazine is empty. She picks up the white soldier's weapon and readies it.

J stands behind her, holding a pistol and breathing heavily. He looks at the heavily wounded Mona, exhaustion written all over her face.

...Even now, her back throws off sparks every now and then from localized short-circuits.

When she tackled J to the ground back in the control room, she took the brunt of the explosion square on her back.

J: I'm done running.

Mona: ...What did you say?

Mona stumbles and looks back at J incredulously.

J: They've already surrounded this place, so there's no point even if we leave the plant.

J: It's wilderness outside, so we won't get very far.

J: Besides, if they have any brains at all, they'll have people on watch outside.

J looks at the gun he's holding. The blood on it has clotted black.

He is certain that it's not his blood.

It's his comrades' blood.

Mona: ...

Mona takes her communicator off her belt without a word.

Mona: I'll cover you. Leave this place and find a way to contact Frau Romy—or Agent K, it's up to you.

Mona: You need to tell them what happened here and that RPK-16 has turned traitor. Otherwise, more people will fall for it.

J: ...Is that all you have to say?

Mona: Agent J...

J: "I told you so! You idiot! Moron!"

J: That's what you should be saying!

J: "It's all your fault! You got all these people killed!"

J: This is what I deserve!

Mona: ...

Tears stream down J's face, which is stained with blood and soot, making him look even more pathetic.

J: Yell at me already!

Mona: ...I would like you to take all that energy you're wasting on screaming and shouting and use it to run for your life.

J: ...

J: If only one person can get out of this alive, it has to be you.

J: I brought them here, so how could I escape when they all died in this place?

Mona: ...

Mona suddenly punches J in the gut.

J: Oof... Urgh...

The sucker punch takes J completely by surprise. He grabs his belly and looks at Mona in shock.

Mona: Are you trying to jerk me around?

Mona bends down. Without its coating of artificial skin, her face looks terrifying at this moment.

Mona: If you die here, then all of this will really have been for nothing.

Mona: It's not them you fear. You just can't face the fact that you got them all killed.

J: ...

Gazing at the speechless J, Mona tightens her grip around her gun.

Mona: ...So live on, J. Live on until you can avenge them.

J: ...But what about you?

Mona: I'll cover you.

Half a second after Mona utters those determined words, there is a massive crash near their feet.

An enormous plume of smoke pours in from outside the wall, and a tall figure waltzes into the room.

Bramedb: How touching, I think I'm about to cry.

Mona: —!!

Bramedb: We meet again, cutie.

Mona pushes J behind herself and raises the gun she's holding, eyeing Bramedb warily as the latter approaches them.

Mona: Agent J, RUN!!!

J: —!!

There is no time to think, J turns and takes off running.

Wham!

He barely makes it a few meters before he hears the sound of Mona's body slamming heavily into the wall.

J: (Pants heavily)

J: Dammit... Dammit dammit dammit!

...He never expected that he would end up like this.

Boom!!!

J: Hurgh?!

A mighty force smashes open the wall in front of him. A massive white Paradeus mech slowly strides out through the gap. Its mechanical eyes gaze coldly at the insignificant human before it.

Bramedb: Where do you think you're going?

...Bramedb has already caught up to him.

J: You mon—

Just as he raises his gun, J is sent flying through the air.

Bramedb: Now that I get a closer look, you have quite a nice face.

Bramedb: I'm sure you would make an excellent decor piece once I turn you into a taxidermy.

Bramedb peers at J with a playful smile.

J: ...I'm not in the habit of going out with corpses.

Even now, he has no intention of letting her get the last word.

Bramedb does not seem concerned by her prey's final, desperate struggles.

J: ...

His pistol... The barrel is bent.

Grenades? He isn't carrying any... God dammit, is he to be denied even the chance to die a hero's death?

J: Am I the comic relief or something...

The strength goes out of his shoulders and J chuckles bitterly... Then he sees a dark shadow suddenly leap up from the other side of the passage.

Bramedb: —!

Mona's body whirls in mid air, using the centrifugal force to drive the steel rod she's holding through Bramedb's torso.

Bramedb: —Oh my.

A controlled white soldier steps in and takes the blow in place of Bramedb.

Bramedb smiles, having negated Mona's attack without so much as moving.

Mona: ...Run...

...Now that her final attack has fallen short, inertia sends Mona rolling across the ground, where she weakly calls out to J.

Her voice has reverted to its original mechanical tone, and even her parts are crackling ominously.

Bramedb peers at Mona, and a mischievous gleam fills her eyes.

Mona: —Urgh!! Ahhh!!

J: You... What the hell are you doing?! You crazy bitch, what are you doing to Mona?!

As J watches fearfully, Mona's body suddenly jerks and twitches.

Like a puppet being pulled up by its strings, her mutilated body gains strength from parts unknown and stands itself upright.

Bramedb: I'm giving the two of you a hand~

Bramedb laughs wickedly, like she has found a beloved toy.

Mona: ...

Mona lurches shakily towards J.

J: Mona...?

Mona: Agent...J...

Mona's voice trembles, as though she is being whipped in some way.

J: ...Let go of her! What the hell are you trying to do! What do you want from me?!

Bramedb: Oh, don't get me wrong, pretty boy.

Bramedb: I have no interest in you whatsoever.

Bramedb's hands seem to be manipulating Mona's body with invisible strings.

If Mona is a puppet, then she is the puppeteer.

Bramedb: I simply want to see the face you'd make when this happens.

Mona: (Gurgles) Run... RUN!

Mona's body starts spasming again.

J: Mona!!

Mona: ...

Thick black smoke pours out of the top of Mona's head. She stumbles forward, and J hurriedly dives—and catches her.

J: You... You killed her...? You actually... You bitch! You killed her!

J stares at Bramedb in disbelief. He knows very well that a Doll's true life resides in their core.

Bramedb: Is that what you think?

Bramedb looks at J and Mona, and she licks her lips.

Mona: ...Agent J.

J: Mona?!

Mona suddenly raises her head.

Mona: Argh... AAAAARGHHHH...

She makes a strange noise.

Mona: Agent J...

J: I-I'm here... What... What is it?

Mona seems to have returned to normal for a moment and she takes J's hand in her own.

J stares at her dumbly, not knowing what has happened in the last few seconds.

Mona: I... I never got the chance to tell you, but...

Mona: Actually, since the first time I saw you...

J: ...What are you saying?

Mona's voice suddenly turns shy and timid...

But this only fills J with gut-churning terror...

Mona: What I mean is that I've always—nghaaah!!

Mona suddenly screams, then she hurriedly backpedals until her body crashes into a wall again.

She bashes her head into the wall, sending debris flying everywhere.

Mona: She... She's controlling me...

J: Mona... Mona... No... stop!

Mona: Agent J... You... You won't leave me alone, will you?

Mona: Please... don't leave me alone.

J: I won't... I'll never abandon—

Mona suddenly grabs his body.

Mona: What... What the hell are you saying?!

Mona: I told you to run...! Hurry, run...!

J: ...!!

J's eyes widen, but before he can reply, Mona bursts into tears.

Mona: Don't leave me... Agent J... I can't see...

Mona: It's dark here... So dark...

J: Enough... Enough... That's enough!!!

J wails in despair. Even though Mona is right in front of him, it is Bramedb that he is glaring at with bloodshot eyes.

Mona would never say something like that...

J: Is this what you want...? You want to see me break?

J: You're humiliating me... Humiliating Mona... Just for that...

Mona: (Chokes and gurgles)

J: Mona...

Mona: Aaaaargh!

Bramedb looks at Mona with a bit of surprise.

Bramedb: To think you could put up so much resistance. You really are something, cutie.

J: That's enough... Stop tormenting her... I'm begging you here...

J: What do you want? What do you want from me?!

Bramedb: Hm... Let me think.

Bramedb deliberately draws out her words, so J can savor Mona's painful struggles.

Bramedb: I've got it! How about this?

Bramedb: I don't want to get my hands dirty, so if you don't mind... Could you please kill yourself?

Bramedb: If you do, I'll let her go.

J: ...

Mona: Please... Agent J... It hurts...

Mona: Please... Die already...

J looks numbly at Mona.

Mona: Hurry... Hurry up and... No, no!

Mona grabs her head, and her eyes suddenly flash with a savage glint.

With all the strength she can muster, she tears out her own throat.

Mona: Don't... Give... Up...

Now that her vocal system has been physically destroyed, she can no longer speak those heart-wrenching words.

Seeing Mona in this state, J smiles sadly.

With a hysterical laugh, he pulls out his knife.

Mona watches him in despair.

Bramedb's grin widens as she follows J's movement.

Bramedb: Yes, yes, that's it. Let me see it.

Bramedb: Let me see you at your most beautiful—

The knife's edge pricks his neck... Perhaps this is what he deserves for his sins...

J: ...

Perhaps he should end it all quickly and cleanly—

—BOOM!!!

Bramedb: What—?!

J: ...?!

The sudden explosion makes J jump, causing him to almost stab his own throat.

Another grenade thrown from afar lands at Bramedb's feet and explodes.

Mona: ...

Mona's body collapses limply to the ground. J throws his knife away to pick her up.

Then a blinding light fills his vision, and he hears a familiar voice.

Commander: ...We made it.
Part 8: -48-4-9.txt

8

Some time earlier.

???: ...

Commander: ...

Romy: After scrutinizing the Commander for a while, the figure points her pistol up at the ceiling, and all traces of hostility vanish from her.

Romy: Still keeping their weapons trained on her, the Dolls stare at her in confusion.

Commander: ...You know me?

Romy: Your reputation precedes you.

The figure slowly steps out from the shadows, revealing herself as a woman in full tactical gear while holstering her pistol.

Despite having so many muzzles pointed at her, she shows no sign of fear.

Romy: Pleased to meet you, Griffin Commander.

Romy: I am Romy Riefenstahl, current chief of the Ministry for State Security of the GDR.

ST AR-15: Chief of the Stasi?

Stunned for a second, ST AR-15 lowers her weapon out of reflex.

M16 squints at Romy, her finger still poised on her trigger.

M16A1: What is the Stasi's boss doing all the way here in Paradeus' lair?

M16A1: This doesn't make much sense, does it?

Romy: If you want to talk, at least show some proper manners.

Commander: ...M16, put down your weapon.

Commander: The same goes for all of you. She means us no harm.

T-Dolls: ...

At the Commander's order, the Dolls slowly lower their weapons.

Commander: ...Now, can you please explain?

Romy: Why do you think this is Paradeus' lair?

Commander: Because...

Because J said so—the Commander is just about to give this reply when they suddenly remember that this woman is J's superior.

Commander: ...Because this place is filled with Paradeus soldiers, no?

Romy: If you hadn't come, you wouldn't have seen these soldiers.

Romy: If you hadn't seen these soldiers, you wouldn't have identified this as Paradeus' lair.

Romy easily points out the logical fallacy in the Commander's answer.

Romy: You don't want to tell me, that's okay. We were holding each other at gunpoint just seconds ago, after all.

Romy: However, I can tell you that this isn't a Paradeus factory. It's ours.

ST AR-15: Yours?

Romy: The government's.

Commander: Then these Paradeus units...

Romy: They're mercenaries—or paramilitary, whichever you prefer.

Romy: But the gist is...They are currently under my command, not Paradeus'.

Commander: In other words, the German government does actually have a cooperative relationship with Paradeus?

Romy: No comment.

Commander: ...Then why are you destroying this place?

Romy: No comment.

Commander: ...

UMP45: You don't have to ask her about that, Commander. The answer to that question is very obvious.

UMP45: The reason why they're destroying this place is you.

UMP45 cuts in at the perfect moment when the conversation comes to an awkward pause.

Commander: Me?

UMP45: Chief, if I'm not mistaken, this plant is for refining those weapons, isn't it?

UMP45: You were planning to clean up this place in secret, but much to your surprise, the one who found those weapons happened to be the Commander.

Romy: ...

UMP45: If the Commander knows, that means the Earl also knows. In fact, the weapons are currently in the Earl's possession.

UMP45: Now that the lid has been blown off, you must destroy the evidence before more secrets come to light. Since Paradeus won't destroy the evidence, the government has no choice but to step in.

Romy: ...Looks like you have a very competent informant.

Romy: Did the Earl send you to obtain more bargaining chips?

Romy's tone and expression remain unchanged, but she suddenly starts radiating menace.

Commander: No...

Commander: It was your subordinate who informed us of this location.

Commander: We agreed to meet here. His source claimed that this plant had something to do with the weapons.

Commander: We rushed over here to investigate and decided to move first upon observing unusual movements inside the plant. Then we ran into Paradeus soldiers, and you know the rest.

Commander: To be honest, we know nothing about this place.

Commander: Our only clue is that it's related to those weapons.

Romy: My subordinate... Agent J.

Romy: You're quite proactive, I'll give you that much.

Romy: I envy the Earl for having such competent people working for him.

Romy: Well, it's been a while since you entered the factory.

Romy: Why is there no sign of Agent J?

Commander: Uh... I have no idea.

Romy: ...

Romy lowers her gaze and strokes her chin in deep thought.

Romy: I didn't see anyone else the whole time I've been here.

Romy: Are you sure this is your rendezvous point?

Commander: ...J sent me the coordinates himself. He also knows that this is a factory.

Commander: There aren't any other similar buildings nearby, so he couldn't have gone to the wrong place, right?

Romy: ...

Romy looks up.

Romy: Not necessarily, Commander.

Romy: We actually have two of such plants.

Commander: Two?

The Commander's eyes widen.

...

J: ...I see.

J takes the towel offered by RO635 and buries his face into its warmth.

He wipes away the dried bloodstains and tear streaks on his face and takes a deep breath.

He survived...

But he's the only one who survived...

J: Mona... Is Mona alright?

UMP45: Don't worry. She's a complete wreck, but her core is relatively intact.

UMP45: She'll be fine with some simple repairs. She hasn't formed an Imprint with her weapon, has she?

UMP45: Honestly, you should consider working with IOP.

Romy: I will think about it.

Romy is standing off to the side, her face carefully blank.

She does not reprimand J. She simply gazes at the plant in the distance thoughtfully.

J: ...I didn't expect you two to team up.

Commander: Thank goodness Ms. Riefenstahl told us about this place, or it would've been too late.

Commander: I never would've guessed you'd be somewhere else.

J: I never thought...I'd be led to the wrong place either.

Commander: By whom?

J: RPK-16...

J tightens his grip on the towel. His eyes start burning with fury.

J: It's been her plan to lead us into a trap right from the start.

Commander: ...RPK-16? Wait, which RPK-16?

J: How many RPK-16s do you know?

Commander: Sh-she's still alive?! Wait, what about Ange?!

Commander: Hang on... She led you into a trap?! But why?!

The unexpected name sends the Commander gushing incoherently.

J: ...I don't know, and I can't wrap my head around it either.

J: I've been working with Frau Silver Fox ever since Bremen; it never once crossed my mind that she's an enemy...

J takes a deep breath, and his throat feels like it's on fire.

J: ...A lot of things didn't add up, Mona also warned me.

J: But...She brought back Light's cufflink, so I...

Commander: ...

J: ...Maybe she got hacked, or maybe Ange is being held hostage.

J: I don't know the reason, but this is the fact—RPK-16 has turned traitor, Commander.

J: If she had come to you, things would've turned out even uglier.

Commander: ...I understand.

Commander: But I have a question... Why you?

Commander: Why did she come to you? She went to all that trouble to lure you here... What's the point of having you die here?

Romy: ...

Romy uncrosses her arms and turns to look at the Commander.

Romy: I think I know.

Commander: What?

Romy: I know the point of having them die here.

J: ...?

Romy: They want to make sure we don't abandon ship.

Romy: While I'm busy cleaning up the other plant, they kill our people from the Stasi here.

Romy: With so many people dead, it would be hard to keep a lid on this.

Romy: If word got out, then this massacre, this plant...And everything else would be exposed.

Romy: It would be a massive blow to the Ministry of Defense, it could even turn the whole country upside down.

Romy: What a gambit... Paradeus.

As Romy's voice grows increasingly steely, J starts to understand the truth behind everything that has happened.

J: ...Holy Christ, now I get it.

J: I was the bait... Even if I hadn't made a move, they would've lured me here with the cufflink and some false intel.

J: It just so happens that I also have my own agenda—

J's face blanches all of a sudden.

J: Oh no! Nele!

Commander: Nele?

J: My informant—the one who gave us the coordinates.

J fumbles for his communicator and dials Nele's number.

Click...

No answer.

J: Dammit... Uh, Mia. Right, I'll try Mia...

Click...

No answer.

Commander: ...Is it bad?

J: ...Really bad.

J jumps to his feet.

J: She's been compromised. RPK-16 knows she's been feeding me information.

Commander: Where is she?

J: Come with me!

...Don't mess with me.

...You'd better not be messing with me.

J: (I can't afford to have another death on me... )

...

With J's navigation, the Commander's vehicle rushes back to the city proper.

Nele's street is very close.

However...

UMP45: ...Hold on. Stop. Something's not right.

J: W-what's the problem?

UMP45 suddenly tells RO635 to stop the vehicle. The brakes let out a shrill squeal, and the vehicle skids to an abrupt halt in the middle of the road, straddling two lanes.

UMP45: This looks strange. The area seems to have been emptied out...

UMP45 gets out first and scans the dark and empty street warily.

RO635: ...Our signals are being jammed. There's interference in the entire area.

J: That sounds familiar.

J's heart is hammering in his chest...

Nele's apartment block is just ahead...

Nothing has happened yet. They got here in time. They can still make it...

ST AR-15: ...What's that?

ST AR-15 points at a certain window on the apartment block.

Commander: ...Smoke! It's smoke! There's a fire!

J: !!

J has seen this before—the day when Ange's apartment came under attack...

This is exactly like what happened that day.

ST AR-15: They're making a move! They're there!

J: Nele... No... No no no no no...!!!

J suddenly dashes towards the entrance of the apartment block like a madman.

Commander: Wait! Dammit! Go after him!
Part 9: -48-4-11.txt

9

Foom!

The window reflects a roaring blaze, replacing the blackness of night with the scorching red sky.

J: Pfagh... (Coughs heavily)

J: Wait, get...Get off me!

ST AR-15: Are you out of your mind?!

ST AR-15: A human would die in this fire!

ST AR-15 drags J out of the building by force. The Commander rushes over to him.

Commander: J!

J: Let me go... Let me go!

J: Please, I'm begging you... Nele...Nele is still in there!

Commander: Calm down!

UMP45: The signal interference has been neutralized and I've informed the fire department and the police.

UMP45: They ought to be here soon.

J: (Pants and coughs)

Having inhaled smoke, J shrugs off ST AR-15's hands and keeps muttering to himself in a daze as he looks up at the apartment, which is burning merrily.

ST AR-15: ...

It isn't just him. The fire is too much even for the Dolls.

Another piece of glass is shattered. A dark figure bursts out of the apartment window, landing firmly on the ground.

M16A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: 16!

M16 dusts off the small sparks on her and shrugs.

M16A1: ...Might as well give up. I'm pretty damn certain there are no survivors in there.

J: ...

J stares blankly at Nele's floor, where the fire started.

J: ...It's all my fault.

Commander: ...

The Commander does not console him.

It is precisely because they feel the same way that they know that there is no consoling him.

J: "I'm going to take responsibility for this Idunn thing."

J: Why should she take responsibility...?

J: She's not an agent or a soldier, she wasn't even involved in this whole business.

J: All of us are prepared to die, but she wasn't. She was just an ordinary person that I dragged into this mess!

J: She was so young, and she wouldn't have done something this dangerous if not for me...

J: I used her... I used her idealism...

J: She was just a civilian...

Commander: J...

J: God, I've had it... What the hell am I even doing...?

In the furthest reaches of pain, J suddenly bursts into creepy laughter.

J: ...

On either side of J, the much-delayed firefighters rush to put out the blaze.

His surroundings grow noisier and noisier, but his mind drifts further and further away.

First it was his subordinates, then Mona, and now Nele.

He's always making someone else pay the price in his place...

Making them pay the price for his recklessness and presumption...

Commander: J...

...There is no hope in J's eyes.

J: ...

J puts a hand on a nearby lamp post as he feels a sudden, intense surge rising from his gut, into his throat—

J: (Heaves)

All the suppressed trauma he's accumulated up till now comes gushing out in this moment of mental breakdown.

???: Hey.

J: ...Leave me alone.

A hand rests on his shoulder...

Someone is patting him.

J: ...I said, leave me alone.

J: Give me some peace and quiet...

???: What do you mean?

???: Why are you throwing up on my doorstep...

J: I told you to leave me alo—?!

Unable to bear it anymore, J jerks his head back in anger, and just as he's about to launch into a tirade—

Nele: ...

J's eyes go wide in utter disbelief.

J: ...Nele?

J: Commander, I think I'm hallucinating.

Nele: ...Are you stupid or something?

Nele: I liked you better when you were a jerk...

J: What...The hell is going on?

...

Mrs. Gray: Didn't you want to know who I was?

Nele: ...I think I have a rough idea.

Mrs. Gray: To think you would be sharper than everyone else here.

Nele: I knew it... You're not Mrs. Gray after all.

Nele smiles in relief and meets Gray's gaze fearlessly. In fact, she's almost emboldened by it.

Nele: Thank goodness.

Nele: All this time, I didn't know how I'd confront you about this, but now, I'm relieved.

Nele: That's the "Technical Theory of Biological Human Automation", isn't it?

Mrs. Gray: You really are a bright one.

Mrs. Gray: I'm proud of my eye for talent.

Nele: I see. That field of research is practically forbidden.

Nele: Your very existence is an ethical violation.

Nele takes a step back and quickly unplugs the hard disk she connected to the PC.

Database 100% complete.

Mrs. Gray: Do you think you can walk out of here with that?

Nele: If you kill me now, what will Eicher think? He's right outside. He saw me meet you here with his own eyes.

Mrs. Gray: That will be my problem.

Gray calmly sizes up the girl in front of her.

Mrs. Gray: If I'd known you cared so much about this woman, I would have reunited the two of you long ago.

Mrs. Gray: Since you've earned my recognition, you have three sentences before you die.

Nele: That's nowhere near enough—

Hard disk in hand, Nele takes a few steps back until she nears the window, where she suddenly lets go of it. The hard disk slides down a pipe into a densely-packed region of vegetation.

Mrs. Gray: Looks like the police will be coming by to issue us a ticket for high-rise littering.

Mrs. Gray: But don't worry, I will be very happy to retrieve that item.

Mrs. Gray: You have two sentences left.

Nele: If I were you, I'd retrieve that hard disk now.

Mrs. Gray: There's no rush.

Nele: In just a few minutes, the main entrance will be surrounded by reporters, here to interview Mrs. Gray, the chairwoman of Galatea Corporation, who's been incommunicado for a long time.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Nele: Looks like I have your attention. May I?

Mrs. Gray: Interesting. I'm lifting the limit. Proceed.

Nele: I know that amount of time is more than enough for you to silence me, but is it really enough for you to hide my body?

Nele: And then there's that evidence which has fallen somewhere on the grounds.

Nele: While I don't know why, you've been trying to stay off the news recently, am I right?

Mrs. Gray: ...You've got guts.

Nele: I simply want to live.

Nele: I want to live, so that I can make sense of all this.

Nele gulps.

Mrs. Gray: I was right about you, Nele.

Mrs. Gray: You aren't just intelligent, but talented too.

Gray smiles at Nele, and an almost imperceptible sound comes from behind her.

In a Stasi interrogation room.

Nele: ...What happened next? Well, a horde of reporters poured into the building.

Nele: I met Mia when I was going downstairs and she kept me safe until we got outside. I wouldn't have made it otherwise.

Nele: I knew that woman wouldn't let me go—I wasn't stupid enough to go home.

K: Smart. Almost too smart.

K puts away his notepad and gives Nele a thumbs up.

K: You're certainly much smarter than someone I know.

Nele: Who do you mean?

K: Oh, it's nothing. We understand the situation now.

K: Thank you for your contribution to the security of the State. The Stasi will be taking charge of your personal safety from now on.

K: We will not let your life come under any danger.

Nele: I'll be counting on you, then... Frankly speaking, my legs are still trembling, even now.

Nele: Still, it's not too bad. I'll have to find a new apartment, but I didn't lose too much.

After he finishes taking her statement, K soothes Nele again and leaves the interrogation room with his notepad.

Outside the interrogation room, J is pacing back and forth restlessly. The moment he sees K, he immediately rushes up to him.

J: ...

K: I truly did not expect to be called back because of something like this.

K slaps the notepad into J's chest, his face filled with exasperation.

J: ...

J: ...I'm sorry, I screwed up really badly.

In a rare turn of events, J makes no rebuke. Instead, he takes the document without a word.

K takes in J's pensiveness and pats him on the shoulder.

K: Don't take it too hard.

K: At least the girl's still alive, isn't she?

J: Yeah.

J takes a deep breath.

J: ...And thank God for that.
Part 10: -48-4-12.txt

10

In the nation's seat of power, the lights are on day and night.

Without even taking off her tactical gear, Romy rushes into an office.

Romy: General—

Schweinsteiger: Yes, yes, of course.

Inside the office, Schweinsteiger holds up a hand to silence Romy while still smiling into the camera of his communicator.

Schweinsteiger: Rest assured... We will take care of this business.

Schweinsteiger: That's right, I know very well who my real friends are.

Schweinsteiger: I look forward to our fruitful cooperation.

Schweinsteiger: ..."Earl".

Call ended.

Romy: ...Earl?

Schweinsteiger: (Sighs)

General Schweinsteiger puts down his communicator with a sardonic chuckle. The ashtray in front of him is filled with countless cigarette butts, many of which are still partially lit.

Schweinsteiger: Good news, I hope?

Schweinsteiger: Please tell me you have already buried the skeletons in our closet.

Romy: Indeed. Both production lines have been taken care of.

Romy: Not a single piece of scrap will remain by daylight.

Schweinsteiger: (Exhales) Well done.

Schweinsteiger clasps his hands together.

Schweinsteiger: If the Soviet and the agents actually died in there...

Schweinsteiger: I would've to take the blame and resign when they leak the story to the press.

His smile turns even more bitter at the only good piece of good news he's had so far.

Schweinsteiger: Alright, at least we've managed to keep the roof from crashing down on us.

Schweinsteiger: Who cares about windows anyway?

Romy: ...

Romy says nothing and glances silently at the communicator that Schweinsteiger just switched off.

The fact that he had to contact the Earl directly is proof enough that the situation is terrible.

After all...To this superior of hers, having to do anything that reveals his standpoint comes at a heavy price.

Schweinsteiger: ...I heard your subordinate had been doing the Earl's trusted underling quite the favor?

Romy: Apologies. I should've kept a better eye on him.

Schweinsteiger: Oh no, you misunderstand.

Schweinsteiger: No need to be so nervous, Romy. You know I trust you.

Romy scrutinizes Schweinsteiger's face and takes a seat at the desk opposite him—she has a feeling this is going to be a long conversation.

Schweinsteiger: In fact, that young one has also done us a huge favor, isn't that right?

Schweinsteiger: If it hadn't been for these unexpected developments, we might have lost the cargo for good.

Schweinsteiger: Do you know what that means, Romy?

Romy: We'll have to "thank" him.

Schweinsteiger: Exactly... Since we now owe the Earl, we must express our gratitude.

Schweinsteiger: But here comes the problem—what should I do about Minister Oberstein?

Romy: ...

Romy pauses for a moment.

Romy: ...If I were you, I would be furious.

Schweinsteiger: ...Oh?

Schweinsteiger narrows his eyes at Romy's reply.

Romy: You're an old hand, and the Premier trusts you.

Romy: You have no enemy within the party, and you're friends with almost everyone on the three frontmost benches in the Volkskammer.

Schweinsteiger: You're right... People like making friends with me. I've never been in the habit of making enemies.

Romy: To put it bluntly, you are probably one of the most powerful men in Germany.

Romy: But Minister Oberstein is completely oblivious to that, and he has not considered your standpoint at all.

Schweinsteiger: You're implying I should blow up at him.

Romy lets out a shuddering breath, her heart lodged all the way up in her throat.

Her following answer could make or break her future.

Romy: Yes. If I were in your shoes, that's what I would do—not just as a provocation, but also as an insult.

Romy: However...

Schweinsteiger: Yes?

Romy: However, I'm no you. I'm sure you've taken more things into consideration than me... For instance, the people on the three frontmost benches are also friends with Minister Oberstein.

Romy: As someone who cares about the bigger picture, you would never force them to choose between two friends.

Romy: Not to mention, Minister Oberstein's friendship is hard to come by.

Schweinsteiger: So you think I should swallow this?

Romy: If you lose something, you'll have to win something back.

Romy: But I believe the best choice is to not lose something that cannot be replaced.

Schweinsteiger lets out a sigh and lights up yet another cigarette.

Schweinsteiger: The Ministry of Finance is reducing the budget every year, and the Military keeps demanding an explanation from me.

Schweinsteiger: If we still can't deliver any result, they'll throw me to the wolves next year...

Schweinsteiger: My position has never been secure. Too many people are eyeing my seat.

Romy: ...

Schweinsteiger: I'm starting to lose my cool, Romy.

Schweinsteiger: I can't afford to lose Minister Oberstein's support...Unless I have a better alternative.

Romy: ...If Minister Oberstein is genuine in his support for you, he is indeed your best option.

Schweinsteiger: ...Go on.

Schweinsteiger peers at Romy's face with narrowed eyes.

Romy: However, the way I see it, the one whom Minister Oberstein is actually supporting isn't you...

Romy: But himself.

Schweinsteiger: ...Are you certain?

Romy: I am.

Romy returns Schweinsteiger's gaze evenly.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Schweinsteiger breathes out a puff of smoke.

Schweinsteiger: Perhaps it's time we have a new best friend, Romy.

Schweinsteiger: I like making friends...But I dislike making bad friends.

Schweinsteiger: Especially when I get burned by the fire they're playing with.

Schweinsteiger: I hate nothing more than that.

Romy: So what do you intend to do?

Romy already knows the answer to that question, but she still voices it cautiously to get an explicit answer out of Schweinsteiger.

Schweinsteiger: Arrange a meeting with the Earl.

Schweinsteiger puts out his cigarette and dusts off his hands.

...

Temporary command post, Berlin.

Stasi Agent: This is where I'll leave you.

Commander: Right, please relay my gratitude to Chief Riefenstahl.

Commander: And say hello to Agent J and Agent K for me.

Stasi Agent: Sure thing.

After dropping of the Commander and the Dolls, the young Stasi agent gives them a salute before getting back into the car.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow! We've been away for so long! It has been a long time, right?! RIGHT?!

SOP-II dashes through the door in excitement the moment she sees it.

RO635: SOP-II, wait!

RO635 calls after SOP-II and rushes in after her.

...It does feel like they've been away for quite a while, but it's really only been several days.

Staring at the temporary command post, the Commander can't help but think of the Dolls of Squad Griffin, who barred them from entering the first time they were here.

Commander: ...I hope they'll still remember me when we meet again.

M16A1: You're always so hung up on trivial stuff that people don't care about, Commander.

Everyone else has entered the command post, leaving only the Commander, M16, and ST AR-15 outside.

ST AR-15: ...Do you count yourself among these "people" you mentioned?

M16A1: You know I never belong in the majority.

M16A1 conjures a bottle of whisky seeming out of thin air and starts taking massive gulps from it.

M16A1: Ah... That felt good.

She wipes her mouth, puts the cap back on, then tosses the half-empty bottle over to ST AR-15.

ST AR-15: ?!

ST AR-15: What are you doing?!

Not expecting this at all, ST AR-15 fumbles to catch the bottle.

M16A1: Haha, it tastes pretty good. You should have some.

M16 shoots her irritated sister a cheerful grin and waves her hand.

M16A1: I need to have a chat with the Commander. You go on in first.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 is still fuming, but instead of protesting, she simply enters the command post with the half-empty bottle of whisky wordlessly.

Commander: ...

The Commander crosses their arms and looks at M16.

Commander: You're taking off?

M16A1: I have my mission.

Since the Commander has correctly guessed what's on her mind, M16 drops all pretense and simply shrugs.

M16A1: That Stasi agent brought up something about my objective.

M16A1: I need to go.

Commander: I suppose there's nothing I can do to make you stay?

M16A1: Haha, I wonder. You won't know for sure if you don't try, eh?

M16 grins and snaps her fingers, then she looks over to the other side of the street.

Following her gaze, the Commander spots an oddly-shaped motorbike parked near the kerb.

Commander: ...We're still friends, aren't we?

M16A1: Of course.

M16A1: ...But some things don't stay the same, Commander.

Commander: Well, no matter what SOP-II wants to do to you the next time we cross paths...

Commander: I won't intervene.

M16A1: I'll worry about that when the time comes.

With a faint smile, M16 turns and silently crosses the road.

...

Inside the temporary command post.

M4 SOPMOD II: Woohoo! My collection! It's still here!

SOP-II darts around the room in high spirits while RO trails behind her, a little exasperated.

The Commander closes the door behind themselves and looks around the room.

UMP45: Looking for AR-15?

UMP45 suddenly appears out of nowhere and speaks up right next to the Commander, startling them.

Commander: Uh... Yeah.

Commander: Where is she?

UMP45: Holed up somewhere probably? I saw her come in with a bottle of whisky... I'm guessing that woman left without saying goodbye again?

Commander: She said goodbye to me.

UMP45: Humph.

The Commander chuckles at UMP45's annoyance and finds a chair to sit down.

They stroke the surface of the tactical table with a sigh. A chessboard with chess pieces messily strewn about is still lying on the table not far away, a reminder of Kolibri and Perosa's final bout.

Commander: She's gone, does that mean we're also done?

UMP45: I seriously doubt it... But I suppose you could say we're done with this phase of the operation.

UMP45: You found those weapons and even retrieved them. If I were your superior, I'd have to give you a raise much as it pained me.

Commander: I must've done pretty well to deserve such a generous compliment from you.

The Commander gets up from the chair with a smile.

Of course this isn't over yet.

Ange's fate is still unknown, and RPK-16's betrayal has to be reported.

M4 has once again become unconscious. A contingency has to be arranged before she wakes up.

Most importantly...Morridow—they must figure out what to do with this hot potato.

...The problem with the weapons has been resolved, but the fight is far from over.

Beep beep beep.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?

RO635: Hm?

Just then, the sudden sound of an incoming transmission shatters the peace in the room.

The Commander walks over to the comms station to check it. Their brow furrows.

RO635: Commander?

Confused by the Commander's expression, RO635 joins them at the console.

Commander: Unknown caller...

RO635: Is that not the Earl?

Khaybar: He hasn't scheduled a call.

Khaybar: Besides, if it were the Earl, this system would display his caller ID.

Commander: ...

Click.

Call connected.

Not a sound comes through the communicator.

This disconcerting silence lasts for several seconds.

???: ...

...Is that panting they hear?

The Dolls look at each other tensely.

Angelia: ... Commander.

Commander: An—!

The Commander jumps to their feet.

Commander: ...Ange?!

Commander: Where are you now?!

They shout into the communicator anxiously, but a different voice answers back.

???: ...Good afternoon, Commander.

???: I hope you don't mind this abrupt call.

Commander: Who are you?!

Commander: What have you done to Ange?!

The Commander immediately gestures for RO635 and UMP45 to turn on the computer quickly.

SOP-II is crouched under the table, fixing the communicator with a murderous glare.

Khaybar is also focused on the communicator. The caller's face isn't shown, but she swears she has heard this voice somewhere before.

???: That isn't something you need to know.

???: I doubt you care about that anyway. After all, you are much more concerned about something else.

The Commander takes a deep breath and forces themselves to keep calm.

Commander: ...You have Ange? What do you want?

Angelia: Ugh... Argh!!!

Commander: Ange!!!

Commander: Dammit! Don't you dare, I'm warning you!!

Commander: What exactly do you want?!

???: Morridow.

The voice on the other end suddenly grows steely.

???: An exchange of hostages. I hand Miss Angelia back to you.

???: In return, I demand that you give us Morridow.

Commander: ...

Khaybar's eyes widen. She turns to look at the Commander.

The Commander just stares at the communicator, their face completely blank and devoid of emotion.

Commander: Location?

???: Airport.

The caller's speech is curt, concise, and extremely matter-of-fact.

???: I will inform you of the time momentarily.

???: We will both get what we want; everybody is happy... Don't disappoint me, Commander.

Commander: ...The airport is your territory. Why should I trust you?

Angelia: Ugh... Aaaargh!!

Commander: Enough!

The Commander slams their fists on the table angrily.

Commander: You touch her again, and I'll send Morridow off to the next world!

???: This could be the very last chance you get to see Miss Angelia.

???: You wouldn't do something so unwise. You wouldn't dare.

Commander: If anything happens to Ange at all, I'll show you all the things I very much dare do.

Commander: Let me see her. I want to make sure she's safe.

Gripping at the communicator tightly, the Commander speaks through clenched teeth.

???: ...

The other end of the call falls silent for a while. Then a familiar face finally appears on the previously blank screen.

Commander: Ange...!

The Commander's voice almost breaks upon seeing Ange.

Through the screen, she looks deathly pale and rather battered, but she doesn't seem to be too badly injured, much to the Commander's relief.

Commander: Are you... Are you okay?

Angelia: ...Getting my tats hurt more than this.

Ange's voice has lost its usual edge. She gazes at the Commander silently for a moment.

Angelia: Don't do anything stupid, Commander. I—

The screen flickers once before going black.

Commander: Wait!

???: Time's up, Commander.

Commander: ...Don't lay a finger on her.

???: ...

???: I await good news from you.

Click.

Transmission terminated.

Commander: ...

UMP45: ...Tsk, the line was too convoluted.

UMP45: I couldn't trace the call.

RO635: Miss Ange...

Commander: ...

The Commander clenches their fists and turns to one end of the room.

Morridow is sitting there, utterly silent and still.
Part 11: -48-4-13.txt

    11chevron_right

Outside the Reichstag, Berlin.

During the annual Unity Day celebration, the Reichstag, being the symbol of the nation, finds its streets packed full of people.

Well-dressed VIPs come and go, pouring into the entrance and greeting each other warmly.

Protester: Herr Frick!

Protester: Please answer our questions! What is wrong with Galatea's drugs!

Protester: Does the government really not care about our lives?!

Well-Dressed Man: ...

Protesters sporting strange face paint are holding up placards.

Held back by a security detail consisting of police and Dolls that's significantly larger than before, they shout at all the people they recognize as they pass by on the red carpet.

At times, these upper-class guests are subjected to their crude attacks; there is no way they can avoid seeing the vulgar gestures made at them.

Elsewhere...

Reporter: Herr Minister! We would like an interview!

Reporter: What do you have to say about the recent spate of terrorist attacks taking place in Berlin?

Reporter: Herr Minister! Please answer us! I'm from Berlin TV! Herr—

It's sometimes very hard to tell the difference between these journalists and those lowlives.

They push their way through crowds, clutching their worthless press cards, abusing the authority of their organization. These youngsters are insolent enough to set off blinding flashes in people's faces, yet too cowardly to actually get themselves into trouble.

They are like greedy maggots, unwilling to let a single nugget of juicy news go—whether it's true or not!

The protesters and the opportunistic reporters have blended together into a rowdy mob.

The packed crowds push on each other, turning the near-winter streets into a sauna.

There have been obstacle after obstacle during this year's celebration, but it has been successfully held nonetheless, becoming a symbol of the current peace and prosperity.

Inside the grand, gilded dining hall, the smells of champagne and freshly-cut flowers blend together and fill every corner of the room.

In a secluded corner of the room, a pair of powerful men stand together in front of a gigantic window.

Schweinsteiger is holding a champagne bottle as he tops off the other man's glass.

Schweinsteiger: It's been several years since the last time we gathered here.

Schweinsteiger: I like this place. It's quiet, it has a good view, and you can see the clear night sky.

Schweinsteiger laughs and puts down the bottle before picking up his own beverage.

Oberstein watches him quietly. The bubbles fizzing in the champagne mirror his own bubbling unease.

Schweinsteiger: Oh, my apologies, Minister Oberstein.

Schweinsteiger: I've been abstaining from alcohol recently. It's good for your health, you know.

He smiles apologetically and raises his drink to prove his point. Then he downs it in one gulp.

Oberstein: ...I hear you have encountered some problems recently, General.

Oberstein: I hope you have not allowed these things to affect your well-being.

Schweinsteiger: Haha, surely you jest. Problems? I have never run into problems.

Schweinsteiger puts his glass down and pats his belly almost boorishly.

Schweinsteiger: I have many friends, Minister Oberstein, and I can take care of my own problems.

Oberstein: Of course, and I am one of your friends.

Schweinsteiger: Of that I have no doubt.

Oberstein: At least, right here and now, I might be the only friend within reach.

Oberstein's eyes suddenly flash dangerously, but Schweinsteiger does not seem at all perturbed.

Schweinsteiger: It isn't convenient for the Earl to make an appearance at venues like these, but that does not affect my friendship with him.

Schweinsteiger: Minister Oberstein, there is one thing he says which I find very true—only a man who knows how to pick his friends can be considered an intelligent man.

Oberstein: By that standard, it seems you are every bit the man you appear to be, General.

Schweinsteiger: Many people have said that.

Just then, the lights go out in the great hall, and a spotlight suddenly shines on the two of them.

Oberstein: ...

Schweinsteiger takes a step back and politely yields his space, stepping out of the flare.

Now, let us invite Minister Oberstein to deliver our celebration address!

Schweinsteiger: Bitte.

Schweinsteiger smiles and raises his glass to Oberstein in the darkness.

Oberstein shoots him a glance, then walks toward the speaker's podium.

Schweinsteiger: Does this mean...The countdown to the fireworks will be starting soon?

Schweinsteiger pays no more attention to the man delivering his speech to an enraptured audience. Instead, he takes a step forward and gazes at the night sky outside the window.

Oberstein: For Germany, today is a great and important day.

Celebration Staff: Ten.

Spetsnaz Trooper: Are they all in position?

Celebration Staff: Nine.

Spetsnaz Trooper: Target confirmed, ammo loaded.

Oberstein: We are gathered here to celebrate the rise and growth of Germany.

Oberstein: Let us all bear witness to this glorious moment, as people of the German Democatic Republic!

Celebration Staff: Five.

Celebration Staff: Four.

Oberstein: There is no doubt about it—

Oberstein: This will surely be a grand celebration.

Oberstein: The glory of Unity Day shall blaze again!

Celebration Staff: Two.

Celebration Staff: One.

Spetsnaz Trooper: Ready.

Schweinsteiger takes a sip of champagne from his glass and smiles as he looks into the distance.

A grand fireworks display blossoms in the night sky without a care in the world.

Schweinsteiger: What a lovely sight.

Foom—!

Foom—!!

Foom—!!!

...

Shadowless: Welcome to the evening news.

Shadowless: ...This just in—at 11pm local time, a large-scale armed conflict has broken out within the Neo-Soviet Union.

Shadowless: Many districts have been subjected to devastating artillery bombardments. We currently do not possess any concrete information on the attackers and there has been no official clarification from the NSU authorities.

Shadowless: Our station will continue to follow the issue. Thank you for watching, ladies and gentlemen. I am Shadowless, and we'll meet again soon.

... 

11 o'clock, at the smoke-swathed border.

Spetsnaz Liaison: General Carter, we've received a new voice message at the number you specified.

Spetsnaz Liaison: The message reads, "Fireworks launched."

Carter: Right, I see.

Spetsnaz Officer: General, what does this mean?

Carter: It means our arrangement is proceeding to the next phase.

Carter gets into his car and orders the driver to set off for their next destination—the Griffin Base in Area S09.

The Spetsnaz officer holds the door open for him and politely prepares to close it.

Carter: Are the forces earmarked for the Griffin base deployed?

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes, sir. We are all fully prepared.

Carter: No need to go to such lengths. Our comrades have bought ample time for us. The Griffin base now is like a rabbit in a snare.

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes, sir!

Carter: Still, you must not be careless. Cornered animals have been known to put up a surprising amount of resistance.

Spetsnaz Officer: We will not disappoint you.

Carter winds the window shut and the car drives off.

Through the murky night sky, Carter looks in the direction where the transport aircraft has vanished.

...Late at night, in the Statesec office in the Lubyanka Building.

Bang!

Zelinsky pushes the door open and enters.

Secretary: ... Comrade Director!

Zelinsky: Calm down, comrade.

Zelinsky: Where is the report from the Ministry of Defense?

Secretary: It's all here, it's been logged!

Zelinsky rubs his temples as he walks toward his desk and picks up the military intelligence notification system log.

The notification screen for the entire Western Military District is almost completely covered with air defense warnings.

Zelinsky: Begin brief.

Secretary: Around 0215 today, a border outpost reported that they were being attacked by unidentified armed personnel, then we suddenly lost contact with the border military base on the border codenamed "Kubinka-2", so we sent our recon drones to investigate the battle conditions.

Secretary: We have verified that many military targets were subjected to bombardment, and due to electronic lockdown, the current casualty status is unknown.

Secretary: After the attack, we began losing contact with many military bases near each combat zone. This region is still under a comms blackout at the moment.

Secretary: After the break in communications, the Western Military District's aerial defense systems detected many fighter signals in the air.

Zelinsky: Fighters? I want models and exact headings.

Secretary: The Western Military District picked up several aircraft of unknown affiliation 14 minutes ago.

Secretary: Two MiGs have appeared in Krakow airspace.

Secretary: At the same time, what appears to be a Sukhoi has appeared over the skies of Prague and is heading north.

Secretary: In addition, two Ilyushins are heading for Lvov, ETA 30 minutes.

Secretary: None of these fighters are responding to any kind of communication.

Zelinsky: Have you contacted the 1st Air Defense Corps yet?

Secretary: Er... Other than the 105th Guards Mixed Aviation Division in Voronezh, which happens to be where some of our people are assigned, we have been unable to contact the various air traffic control centers and aviation units.

Secretary: Voronezh Base is preparing to launch fighters to intercept.

Secretary: Also, the comms breakdown isn't just affecting the aviation bases. We're also unable to contact our army bases...

Secretary: Director, could they have been...

Zelinsky: Keep calm. Start by telling me where the air defense alerts first originated. Ignore the radar stations, go in chronological order.

Secretary: A moment please... It's the Western Military District's Aerial Intelligence Center! How can that be?

Zelinsky: That'll do it. Notify Voronezh Base immediately.

Zelinsky: Cancel all takeoffs. Cancel all takeoffs immediately. Stand by and wait for orders.

Secretary: Yes, Director... I've notified them, but the Ils' heading...

Zelinsky: Comrade, I know... Have any units of the Air Defense Forces reported opening fire yet?

Secretary: The PVO units on the Western border are currently under electronic suppression and no effective communications can be established. The Western Military District's HQ has sent out a helicopter to establish direct communications.

Zelinsky: What about radar?

Secretary: No reports of SAM launches yet.

Zelinsky: That's good. Are they all online?

Secretary: Yes. The Western Military District's CINC, the command staff of the 1st Air Defense Command, and the Minister of Defense are waiting for you on Line 2.

Zelinsky: Good. First, we need to restore communications to the early-warning radars in Kaliningrad. I want to know what they saw.

Zelinsky: After that...Give the Air Force Commander's office a call, see if he's up yet.

Secretary: Yes, Comrade Director.

Secretary: But what should I tell him?

Zelinsky: ...Tell him our border PMCs are under attack.

Secretary: Understood.

The secretary leaves his office. Zelinsky reaches out to take the handset to the encrypted line. His hand pauses for a moment.

It is not that he did not anticipate such a thing from the opposition, but now that it has actually happened, he is still surprised that the specter of those traitors is still lingering in the air.

Zelinsky: Well, let's see what you do next.

...On the transport plane about to arrive at the Griffin base in Area S09.

???: The targets of this decapitation operation are the chief executive officer of Griffin—Kryuger, and his adjutant Helianthus.

???: They are currently in the Griffin base in Area S09, precise location unknown.

???: After eliminating the mission objectives, cleanup work will involve destroying their neural cloud servers and demolishing the base.

???: The operation will commence tonight, at 2317 hours. Once the rocket bombardment is complete, the 1st Spetsnaz Team will enter the building.

???: At 2325 hours, the 2nd Spetsnaz Team will establish electronic isolation around the perimeter of the base and prevent the entry and exit of all Dolls.

???: At 2348 hours, after the targets have been eliminated, 1st Team will retreat with 2nd Team.

???: Our only support assets are attack helicopters with machine guns. We cannot expect more, but that should be enough for a mere civilian PMC.

???: The operation codename is Marduk.

???: Any questions?

???: No sir!

???: Godspeed, gentlemen.

...Ten minutes ago.

2250 hours, Kryuger's Office in the Griffin base.

Time passes inexorably amid the clicks and taps of the keyboard.

Helian: ...So the flight I just inquired about is going to land?

Helian: I see, thank you.

Helian hangs up and looks at the clock.

Helian: Sangvis Ferri will be reaching Berlin soon. Hopefully they'll be able to help the Commander out.

Helian: It's almost 11, I'd better get some rest.

Helian: We made pretty good progress today...

Helian gets up and puts her things away as she prepares to leave.

Helian: If I can keep this pace up, Kalina will be able to take it easy for a while after she comes back.

Helian looks outside at the dreary night sky, wondering how Kalina is doing right now.

...In front of Kryuger's office.

Thompson: Wake up, WA. The target's on the move.

WA2000: Hm... What?!

The groggy WA2000 immediately bolts awake.

WA2000: Attention! Lee! Kar!

Kar98k: I'm here, go ahead.

Lee Enfield: Has the target's status changed?

WA2000: Target is on the move, about to reach the office corridor. Everyone, mind your movements!

Lee Enfield: Roger.

Kar98k: Understood.

Thompson: Tonight's entertainment is about to begin. I'll go look over there, you keep watch.

WA2000: Got it.

Thompson hurries off. At the same time, WA2000's carefully-composed emails are sent out to various recipients.

...In the woods near the base, several figures on motorbikes race back to the base at eye-watering speeds.

Thompson: Thompson hailing FlashDel Squad.

NTW-20: FlashDel Squad leader NTW here.

Thompson: The target started moving ahead of schedule. Can you move up your return to base?

NTW-20: Ahead of schedule...? That's unexpected... Understood. We can do it.

Thompson: Roger.

NTW-20: Hailing Grizzly, hailing Spitfire. They're moving the plan up. We're going to pick up the pace.

Grizzly: Received, I'll be at the kitchen's back door in seven seconds.

Spitfire: Big Sis 75 and I will be right behind you.

NTW-20: Alright, see you at the next check-in.

NTW-20 hangs up and double-checks the positions of her friends in the rear-view mirror.

...In a dark warehouse, a face illuminated by an LED screen reveals a pained yet savage expression.

PPK: Is this what you meant by "special entertainment for tonight only"?

MP-443: I only came because I heard there was a large collection of interesting rocks here...

Ribeyrolles tiredly reduces the flow rate of her infusion bag.

Welrod MkII: Ahem, the other Dolls' schedules were full.

Welrod MkII: Let's not waste any more time and begin the mission.

Welrod MkII: Tokarev, I'll leave this side to you. I'll be right back!

Tokarev: Roger!

Welrod hurriedly leaves the warehouse. The remaining Dolls start drifting off immediately soon after.

PPK: I'll leave this place to you then, Tokarev. ♪

Tokarev: Wait a minute, where are you go—

The warehouse door opens...

Bangbangbang!

The tongues of fire from a submachine gun at close range illuminates the Dolls' faces again.

Thompson: Ha, is the mission over already?

The warehouse door closes with a crisp sound.

The time now is 2255.

After checking that she's saved and backed up her work twice, Helian prepares to leave the office.

Helian: If I can get a little more done tomorrow morning, I'll be able to make a report to Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: Wait a minute, isn't today—

Helian's eyes fall on the big red circled date on the calendar.

...In front of Kryuger's office.

WA2000: Attention, target is about to leave the office, are you all gathered at the main hall yet?

Lee Enfield: Received.

Kar98k: We're all assembled at the hall.

WA2000: Good, I'll hurry over now.

WA2000 runs into the night.

Grizzly: I'm bringing the squad to meet up at the main hall entrance.

NTW-20: Roger.

NTW-20: Hailing Spitfire and CZ, are you there yet?

Spitfire: We had to make a detour to pick up the goods, we'll be there right away.

The screech of braking tires echoes through the silent forest.

CZ75: We're here, let's go!

NTW-20: Took you long enough, and what are all these traffic tickets...?

CZ75: Don't ask, let's go!

The time now is 2259, and Helian has reached the office door.

Helian: Today is a day worth celebrating, should I order a cake or something...?

Helian smiles and looks through the cake shop's catalog.

The second hand marches on mercilessly...

56, 57, 58, 59...

Boom—

Helian blinks, but all she sees is endless darkness.

Helian: What's wrong...? Is there a power outage?

Helian: ...

Helian reaches out to where her computer should be, but all she feels is a coarse, cold masonry.

Helian: What's this... It feels like...A broken wall?

Helian keys up her tablet's flashlight.

In its harsh radiance, she sees the ceiling and the internal cross-section of a wall intersecting with each other like a dog's teeth.

Meanwhile, she is lying in the hollow created by several collapsed walls propping each other up.

Sandy debris falls on her face from time to time, reminding her that this is not a safe place.

Helian: ...

Helian: Calm down, Helian.

Helian: There are several hundred Dolls out there waiting for you to lead them...

Helian tries to turn on her command tablet, but the shattered screen has rendered it pretty much useless, and regardless of how Helian smacks it, it refuses to execute her commands.

Helian: Don't panic, take a deep breath... .

Helian: The base just got blown up, it's not even the first time, there's nothing to be afraid of...

With great difficulty, Helian manages to sit up in the cramped confines of the hollow.

As the senses return to her numb body, a rush of pain washes over her.

Helian: Multiple abrasions and a left forearm fracture. Full extent of other injuries unknown.

Helian: I can move, at least, so it could've been worse.

Helian: ...

Helian surveys the walls that are trapping her. There are no holes she can crawl through and no rubble which she can lift by herself.

She takes a deep breath, and the tablet's flashlight starts flickering...

Helian: Oh no, please...

Once again, she is plunged into darkness.

Helian: ...

The loss of sight leads to sharpened hearing.

Perhaps she is imagining things, but Helian can clearly make out the sound of scraping on the wall, and it is getting louder.

Helian: If this really is my last day...

Helian: No, I'm a mature woman, I can't go all weepy in the face of danger...

???: Helian!

Helian: ...Mr. Kryuger?

Helian: Mr. Kryuger! I'm here! I'm over here!

Kryuger: I can hear you. Don't worry, we've come to rescue you.

Helian: O-okay...

Helian suddenly realizes that this is the second time she has cried ever since she entered Griffin.

The wall segment is carefully removed, and the familiar faces of the Dolls appear before her eyes.

Thompson: We got you, Miss Helian.

Ingram: Give me your hand.

Helian: Thank you, Thompson, Ingram.

Kryuger: Are you hurt?

Helian: Nothing too serious.

Kryuger hands a brand new tactical tablet to Helian.

Kryuger: Sorry, Helian, but there's no time for you to rest.

Kryuger: Our base has come under heavy bombardment and comms are down.

Kryuger: Judging by the method, I have the feeling that Carter's behind this.

Helian: General Carter... Wasn't he already...

Kryuger: We don't have time to think about that.

Kryuger: There are enemies approaching the entrance, I'm taking the Frontline Combat Team to plug the opening.

Kryuger: You need to stay behind and initiate our emergency defense plan and make preparations to withdraw. If our defense can't hold, carry out the emergency retreat plan immediately.

Helian: Understood, leave it to me.

Kryuger: Thompson, put a few squads together and come with me.

Thompson: Got it. Ingram, take care of Miss Helian.

Ingram: No problem. I won't let those scum harm a hair on Miss Helian's head even if they shoot me to bits.

Kryuger nods solemnly to Helian, then he flicks his handgun's safety off and walks into the darkness outside.

After performing emergency treatment on her broken forearm, Helian immediately begins commanding the Dolls with her tablet.

Helian: All Dolls who can still move, listen up.

Helian: GSh-18, form a rescue team and perform first aid on our damaged Dolls to bolster our numbers.

Helian: NTW-20, organize two squads. One will break through the signal blockade and restore comms while the other will attempt to outflank the enemy and get messages outside.

Helian: Welrod, organize several squads to transport our vital resources and destroy dangerous items.

Helian: Reply immediately once you have your assignments and report your status once every 15 minutes.

After finishing the preliminary deployments, Helian is about to move to a safer palace when she realizes Kryuger is still standing at the doorway.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: I came to give you a gun to protect yourself.

Helian: Thank you.

Kryuger: I'll leave my back to you, then.

Helian smiles and executes a picture-perfect salute.

Helian: You can always count on me, Mr. Kryuger.
Part 2: -48-5-3.txt

2

...At the dinner party, where the mood is slowly cooling off. Standing alone by the window, Oberstein watches the fireworks soar into the sky and reduce themselves to ashes.

Beep. It's a message, one that came while the fireworks were blooming.

Oberstein glances at his communicator, and a rare smile graces his face.

Schweinsteiger: Ladies and gentlemen, let us raise one final glass to bring this wonderful celebration to a perfect end.

Guests: To Unity Day! Prost!

Amidst the clamor of clinking glasses, Oberstein makes his own toast to Schweinsteiger from afar.

Oberstein: May the fireworks tonight be more brilliant than in all the previous years.

...Basement 3, in the Research Lab of the Griffin base.

GSh-18: We're currently moving damaged Dolls from the assembly hall.

Helian: Why were there so many Dolls in the main hall this late at night, anyway?

GSh-18: Well, uh...

Welrod MkII: Miss Helian, we've cleared out the armory, now doing an inventory of our vital resources.

Helian: We need to speed up the supply transfer. Mr. Kryuger and several other squads are drawing fire to buy you time.

Helian: NTW-20, progress report.

NTW-20: Breakthrough squad is doing their best, but it's hard to gauge their progress for now.

NTW-20: Flanker squad has finished assembling and just deployed.

Helian: Understood, stay safe.

NTW-20: Roger.

After quickly going through the messages on her command tablet, she looks up and begins searching for Persica's lab.

Ingram: This is the third time we've come this way, Miss Helian.

Helian: That's strange. Miss Persica's lab ought to be nearby...

Ingram: That blast just now was pretty intense. Maybe Miss Persica has already fled?

Helian: No way, she'd rather die than flee her lab empty-handed.

Helian: I'll try contacting her, but she might not pick up at a time like this...

Helian dials Persica's number.

After a dozen or so rings, an annoyed female voice answers.

Persica: You're right on time! Helian, I want to complain about the late-night renovations at your base!

Helian: ...

Persica: It's gone too far! Are you doing demolition work or something? The whole place was shaking!

Persica: My coffee's all over the floor now...

Helian: We do not have any renovations scheduled for the near future.

Helian: The disruption just now was due to the base being targeted by rocket artillery fire from parties unknown. A group of enemies are already outside the base and launching an attack.

Persica: ...

Persica: Why do I have such rotten luck?! I just moved in and we got attacked right away...

Helian: Enough complaining. Open your lab door, I need to talk to you.

Persica: I have a bad feeling about this. Tell me what this is all about.

Helian: It concerns your research.

Persica: Hm? In what way? Have the new instruments I requisitioned arrived? Or was it the materials I ordered?

Persica: Wait a minute, did someone publish a paper on one of my topics ahead of me?

Helian: It's none of the above. I'm referring to the neural cloud servers.

Helian: If things go badly for Mr. Kryuger, we need to make preparations for a full retreat. That will involve taking the neural cloud servers with us.

Persica: Whaaaaat?!

Whoosh— A small panel in the wall opens, and Persica's angry eyes glare through the hole.

Persica: What do you think a neural cloud server is?!

Persica: A slice of cake you take home from a deli? You think a cute little maid Doll can deliver it to your house for you?

Persica: It's a neural cloud SERVER! Don't you get it?

Persica: ABSOLUTELY NOT! I am completely opposed to this plan!!!

Helian: Just open the door, we can talk this over.

Persica: Do you even KNOW what could happen if you move a neural cloud server without preparation?

Persica: You might lose some data if you're lucky, but if you're not, you could end up losing ALL of it!

Persica: The entirety of all the data and knowledge that the Griffin base has accumulated in the last few years, gone down the drain!

Helian: ...

Helian: Okay, I get the idea, so please open the door.

Persica: I refuse. The last time I opened the door like you asked, you sent in your Dolls to scrub all my coffee mugs.

Ingram: ...That doesn't sound so bad.

Persica: I won't open the door! You can just forget about it!

Whoosh— Persica closes the little panel behind her.

Helian: ...

Helian: Ingram, where's that piece of gear I told you to bring along?

Ingram: Here.

Helian: You see where that panel is? Cut the door open from that.

Ingram: No problem. I'm very good at this.

With a maniacal grin, Ingram revs up the specially made chainsaw she's holding...

...At the base entrance. All the defense systems are offline due to the rocket bombardment, and the enemy can walk right in.

The shotgun squad was the first to reach the entrance, and they are engaged in an intense firefight with the first wave of enemies.

The squads behind them follow Kryuger's commands and help suppress the enemy vanguard unit.

Kryuger: ...Hold the line! Don't let enemy fire separate you!

Kryuger: The enemy has already broken through the base's outer perimeter, we can't let them get any further.

Kryuger: We're going to stop all the enemies trying to break through!

Thompson: Roger!

The shotgun squad is in the thick of the fighting, but they are slowly being pushed back.

Defender: I'll tear you apart! I'll break every last one of your ribs!

Defender: Let me go! LET ME GO! I CAN STILL FIGHT!

Liberator: Defender's lost it! Cover me! Commencing emergency evac!

Kryuger: Shotgun Squad A, fall back quickly for treatment! Shotgun Squad B, take their place!

Thanks to Kryuger's leadership, the battered Doll squads somehow manage to keep their fragile defense line intact.

Webley: Mr. Kryuger, enemy reinforcement squad at 1 o'clock.

Webley: There's roughly 7 of them and they aren't carrying heavy weapons.

Kryuger: Thompson, send a squad over to ambush them.

Kar98k: Miss Lee and I will go.

Thompson: Got it! WA, cover Kar and Lee with me!

Bangbangbang—

Lee Enfield and Kar98k nimbly avoid the dense web of enemy fire and vanish from Kryuger's sight.

He looks away and surveys the remaining enemies on the battlefield.

Kryuger: Ladies, we can catch our breath once we mop up this wave.

Thompson: Heard that? Give them everything you've got!

WA2000: Roger!

As they hear the call to victory, the tired Dolls launch a ferocious charge, falling on the enemy with staggering intensity...

Webley: Sir! The enemy reinforcement squad has lost three people and they've withdrawn.

Kryuger: Very good, Webley. Are there any more incoming enemy units?

Webley: None that I can see so far.

Kryuger: Ladies, take this opportunity to rest up and recover!

Kryuger: Kar98k and Lee Enfield, fall back.

Lee Enfield: Returning to unit.

Thompson: Well done, my brandy is yours.

Thompson stands on a burning pile of rubble and holds up her personal brandy flask.

After crushing the first wave of enemies, the squad led by Kryuger has won a brief respite.

Kryuger: NTW-20, how's the breakthrough squad doing?

NTW-20: Sorry... Mr. Kr...Failed...

Kryuger: Come again? I didn't hear—

Thompson: INCOMING! Get down—

Kaboom!

After receiving her mission, NTW-20 immediately assembled a breakthrough squad, who followed their orders to bypass the enemy to force their way through the blockade and call for help.

Scans revealed that Entrance D1 had the weakest defenses, and the breakthrough squad chose to make their play there.

After expending most of their ammo and Dummies, the breakthrough squad managed to take Entrance D1.

But before they could celebrate, the enemy sent over their attack helicopters, which turned the vacuous black muzzles of their machine guns on them...

NTW-20: Come in, breakthrough squad! Are there any survivors?

NTW-20: The base needs support urgently! I repeat, the base needs support urgently!

Pale white lightning rips through the night sky, followed by a continuous rumbling of thunder, like a string of explosions.

Spitfire hefts CZ75 on her back, then uses her still-intact right leg to haul herself forward, bringing CZ75 along.

CZ75: Put me down... Spitfire...

CZ75: They'll be coming soon...

Spitfire: This isn't the time for jokes, Big Sis 75.

Spitfire carefully pulls herself past the corpses of her squadmates. Stray shots from distant enemies whiz past the pair.

The two broken Dolls are the only ones left of the squad that had been fighting together just moments ago.

CZ75: At this rate...Neither of us will make it...

Spitfire: Perfect, then we can join them.

CZ75: ...

It's harder to move in the treeline, but Spitfire makes her way in there to hide their tracks.

Rain pours down in torrents, and Spitfire struggles to wade through the mushy sod. Each step is accompanied by a shrill mechanical grinding.

NTW-20: Breakthrough squad! Come in!

CZ75: Your body is still largely intact, you can still fight, they'll need you over in the base...

Spitfire: Save it, GSh-18's medical squad is just up ahead.

CZ75 looks back. The bodies of their squadmates lie in the dirt like lost children, quietly accepting the baptism of the rain.

CZ75: Spitfire... Keep fighting...

CZ75: Give them hell...For us...

The faint sound of rustling branches comes from behind them. Dread fills Spitfire, and her pace starts becoming erratic.

Crack—her hastily repaired left leg burst open again, sending Spitfire and CZ75 hurtling to the ground.

Spitfire: Are you okay, Big Sis 75?

CZ75: ...

Spitfire quickly puts her left leg back together and prepares to sling CZ75 on her back again.

Spitfire: Big Sis 75?

CZ75 does not answer anymore.

Spitfire: ...

Spitfire picks up her gun without a word and limps toward the base.

Spitfire: This is Spitfire from the breakthrough squad.

NTW-20: Spitfire! Where are the others?

Spitfire: Everyone's dead.

NTW-20: ...

Spitfire: Returning to reinforce the base now.

Spitfire hangs up the call.

Nobody can see it, but her tears mix with the rainwater as they roll down Spitfire's face...

Beep.

...At the base entrance, the defense line which Kryuger has fought so hard to build crumbles in a single blow.

The enemy's second wave of troops successfully breaks through and enters the base.

Thanks to the Dolls' protection, Kryuger manages to avoid the enemy scout teams.

After verifying that the enemy has left, Kryuger emerges from the darkness.

His vision is filled with smoke and dust. He orders a retreat while looking for any surviving Dolls.

Kryuger: All Doll forces, retreat! Fall back immediately!

Kryuger: Shotgun squad? Are you from the shotgun squad? Hurry and cover the retreat!

Kryuger notices a badly damaged shield in the drifting smoke. He feels his way over.

Kryuger: Can you still move?

There is only a mechanical arm beside the shield.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Are there any more survivors? Come in!

Thompson: ...WA and I are here.

A Doll limps into view in front of him.

Kryuger: Gather the survivors, we're pulling back immediately!

Thompson: Roger!

WA2000: Lee! Kar! Say something!

Behind Thompson, WA shakes the bodies of Lee Enfield and Kar98k.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: WA2000, we haven't lost yet. More of our comrades still need us.

WA2000: I-I understand...

Welrod MkII: Requesting backup! Supply transport team is requesting backup!

Welrod MkII: The enemy's made it to the warehouse, we can't fight back!

Kryuger: Received, backup is on its way.

Welrod MkII: ...Mr. Kryuger! Can you hear me?

Welrod MkII: Thompson! Hailing Thompson!

Welrod MkII: Requesting backup! Requesting backup! The enemy has us trapped in the warehouse!

Kryuger: She can't hear our replies? God damn signal...

Kryuger: WA2000, you and—

Kryuger's gaze wanders around the empty ops room. There are no Dolls in sight.

WA2000: Leave it to me, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: I'm counting on you.

After some quick repairs, WA2000 rushes over to the warehouse...

Thump thump thump...

...Inside the warehouse, Welrod has organized a team to go in and transfer the most critical supplies away on Helian's order.

With the transfer almost complete, most of the team members have already left the warehouses to escort the supplies, leaving just a few people behind.

Just as Welrod is about to fall back with the last few team members, the enemy breaks through the defense line set up by Kryuger's squad with the help of a sustained bombardment...

A drop of blood splashes on Tokarev's face, accompanied by a visceral scent of metal from the warm blood of a human being.

Out of ammo, Tokarev wrenches a shovel free and shoves away the corpse of a rebel soldier away off herself.

Tokarev: До свидания.

Countless human and Doll corpses are piled up here. Tokarev has already become indifferent to all the death and destruction around her. She just keeps wielding her shovel like a machine.

Welrod MkII: ...Mr. Kryuger! Can you hear me?

Welrod MkII: Thompson! Hailing Thompson!

Welrod MkII: Requesting backup! Requesting backup! The enemy has us trapped in the warehouse!

Welrod yells futilely into the comms channel, which offers no response.

PPK: Frankly speaking, Welrod, this event is MUCH more exciting than the previous one.

MP-443: Stop talking! Ribeyrolles, PPK needs urgent repairs!

Welrod MkII: Tokarev, take PPK's place!

Tokarev: Got it!

Bang! Welrod helps take out the enemies in Tokarev's blind spot as she rushes toward PPK.

Thompson: Welrod, this is Thompson. How are things on your end?

Welrod MkII: Thompson! A huge enemy force is surrounding the warehouse, we can't break out while carrying the supplies!

Thompson: WA's heading over to help you out, hang in there.

Welrod MkII: PPK, just hold on a little longer! Help is on its way!

PPK: Don't bother with us troublemakers. Tokarev's still intact, so take her while she's still standing. Break out of here and find Mr. Kryuger.

Welrod MkII: Born in the night as I am, you and the Commander are my only source of light.

Welrod MkII: No matter how boundless the darkness is, I will never abandon my search for the light.

Bam! One of the warehouse's ventilators is kicked off the ceiling. WA2000 throws down a rope ladder from the hole where it used to be.

WA2000: Welrod! I'll cover you! Hurry and climb up!

Welrod MkII: Load up your supplies and evacuate!

MP-443 carries PPK and goes up the rope ladder first, while Tokarev carries Ribeyrolles and follows close behind.

Bang! Welrod shoots down the enemies who are rushing at them like madmen.

WA2000: Welrod, you're the last one!

Welrod MkII: Got—

Welrod climbs up the rope ladder.

Kaboom!

A shell goes off at almost point blank range. Blazing heat chews into Welrod's back.

Amidst the confusion, the fiery shockwave slams her into the wall...

When she opens her eyes again, she sees the bottom half of the rope ladder in her hands.

Welrod quickly examines her body and concludes that she has lost all combat capability.

WA2000: Welrod!

WA2000: Can you hear me? That blast knocked us down!

Welrod MkII: ...

Welrod MkII: You should go. Leave this place to me.

WA2000: This is no time to be acting cool!

Tokarev: Welrod, come out already!

Welrod grimaces as she looks at her ruined body. Alerts flash continuously in her field of vision.

The wall itself has also been damaged—the ceiling is tilting at a dangerous angle and chunks of debris are raining down steadily.

WA2000: Hold on, I'll find some other way to save you!

Welrod MkII: Don't worry, it's only a few enemies, they're no problem for me.

Not far from her are the enemy forces, which have also taken heavy casualties. However, they're already regrouping with the incoming reinforcements.

Welrod calculates the angle and pulls her last grenade out from under her vest.

PPK: You're not planning to die just to save us, are you?

Ribeyrolles: I...Am worthless...

Welrod MkII: Everyone...Is worth saving.

Tokarev: Wel... Move...!

A burst of static comes over the comms. Welrod switches off the choppy transmission and clutches her grenade tightly.

Welrod MkII: This is all I can do for you...

The rustling of the enemy's footsteps draws close. There are eight of them in total, and judging by their footfall, six of them are Military automatons and the other two are the humans commanding them.

A dull thumping echoes through the warehouse walls, as though someone is pounding one in grief.

Tokarev: Welrod, don't...Don't...

WA2000: Keep the channel open! Wait for me!

Welrod lets out a chuckle, but she suddenly feels like crying at the same time.

The enemy notices the activity at the wall and cautiously approaches the source of the sound.

Welrod forces herself to stand up, and uses the last of her strength to slap her hand down on the warehouse shelves.

Welrod MkII: "Do not go gentle into that good night."

Welrod MkII: "Old age should burn and rave at close of day."

The enemy team turns and moves toward Welrod...

With her back against the shelves, Welrod ducks into their blind spot and silently counts the enemy's footsteps... .

Close, closer now, the Grim Reaper's tread draws ever closer...

Welrod smiles, and pulls the pin on her grenade.

Welrod MkII: "Rage, rage against the dying of the light."

Kaboom!

Thompson has gathered all the survivors in the Ops Room in preparation of their withdrawal.

Kryuger contacts the various squads and gains the latest information on the progress of the battle as well as the degree of enemy penetration.

Kryuger: Helian! We've had it, time to initiate the evacuation plan.

Helian: ...Roger.

Kryuger: Is Persica ready to move the neural cloud server?

Helian: She's making the preparations.

Helian: But are we really going to relocate underground, Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: The damage underground isn't too bad, none of the original structure was destroyed.

Kryuger: Don't forget, the layout of our base favors the defender.

Helian: ...Understood.

Helian: All Griffin Dolls still on the comms channel, immediately withdraw to Basement 3!

Helian: I repeat! Fall back to Basement 3 immediately! Don't get caught up in combat!

Helian's voice reaches the hearing modules of every single Griffin Doll through the communications channel.

However, most of them are unable to respond to the call.
Part 3: -48-5-5.txt

3

...Tranquil music starts playing in the background.

When I come to my senses, I find myself sitting at a table in a bar.

A glass of ginger ale is pushed towards me, leaving a trail of water on the table.

Angelia: This one is on me.

Commander: Ange!

Angelia: Hm?

Ange swirls her amber-colored whiskey around. The ice cubes knock against the glass, producing a tinkling sound.

Commander: I'm so glad you're alright...

Commander: Also, I found the real Morridow.

Angelia: Yeah?

Ange shrugs indifferently. She gets to her feet and places some cash under her empty glass to foot the bill and tips.

Commander: Where are you going?

Angelia: ...

Ange ignores my question. She draws her pistol from her belt and points it at me.

Commander: Ange?

Angelia: Not everything you see is real. Don't rely on your eyes too much, Commander.

Commander: What?

Bang!

... Clutching at my chest in fright, I bolt right up in bed.

Commander: I... Where am I?

Kalina: You're awake, Commander.

Commander: Kalina?

Kalina is sitting next to me. She looks a little haggard, but she seems to be in good spirits otherwise.

Commander: Have you recovered? What did the doctor say?

Kalina: I'm all good! I don't need to be hospitalized anymore. I'm being discharged today!

Kalina is packing her bags with a cheerful smile. The flowers on the bedside table are in full bloom.

Commander: Has the doctor really given you permission to go home?

Kalina: The hospital bill is too much to bear. Just looking at it broke my heart.

Commander: YOUR heart? It's my card they swiped...

Kalina: Now that I'm out of the hospital, you won't have to run around searching for medicine for me.

Kalina suddenly straightens up and looks me right in the eye.

Kalina: I've been waiting for you to visit me at the hospital every single day, but you never came.

Commander: I'm sorry, Kalina. I...

I look away in guilt and suddenly notice that the flowers on the bedside table are now withered.

Thud!

Kalina has lost consciousness and collapsed on the floor.

Commander: Kalin! Kalin!

Commander: Are you alright?! Wake up!

Commander: Where's the doctor?! Doctor!

I fling open the door of the ward.

Commander: Doctor! Is the doctor—

I expect to find a corridor outside the door, but all I see is fire and smoke.

Commander: What the hell...? What's going on?

Commander: The Dolls... Where are all the Dolls?

???: Commander... We...

???: We're right here...

A completely disfigured Doll stumbles toward me. I reach out to catch her before she falls...

Commander: Is this...The base?

???: Save us...

The Dolls collapse into my arms. I can feel her body disintegrating rapidly.

I hold her tighter without thinking, but no matter how hard I try, I cannot stop her from fading away.

Commander: Who are you? What on earth happened to the base?!

She doesn't answer. Soon, her dying embers slip through my fingers.

Trembling all over, I look down. The ground is covered in ashes...

ST AR-15: Commander...

RO635: You seemed to be having a nightmare.

M4 SOPMOD II: Were you dreaming of big monsters? I'll fight them for you!

Commander: I'm fine...

...At the temporary command post, the Commander wakes up from a nightmare with a start.

Commander: It was just a very realistic nightmare.

The Commander is still a bit unnerved.

They cast their eye over to M4, who is slumbering on the sofa, utterly oblivious to the disturbance.

After fussing over her blanket for a bit, the Commander lets out a sigh at the sight of her gaunt face.

Commander: M4...Still hasn't come to?

ST AR-15: No, we've been watching over her the whole time.

Commander: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry, Commander! M4 will surely be fine!

RO635: Commander, have some water to calm your nerves first. Your heartbeat is quite elevated.

Commander: Thanks, RO.

The Commander is just about to get up when a cold, soft hand wraps around theirs.

M4A1: Hm... Commander?

Commander: M4, you're awake?

M4 SOPMOD II: M4! Are you alright?! You've been sleeping for so long...

M4A1: I'm okay...

M4 slowly sits up with the Commander's help and rubs the sleep out of her eyes.

ST AR-15 and SOP-II have already rushed up to her side, while RO comes over with a warm towel.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm so happy that you're fine!

ST AR-15: How are you feeling?

M4A1: Just a little tired...

M4A1: How long was I asleep? Did anything happen while I was out?

ST AR-15's expression of concern suddenly turns into one of disquiet.

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: ...Is something on my face?

ST AR-15's face darkens. Ignoring M4's question, she takes M4's face in both hands and starts examining it closely.

Commander: What is it, 15?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm, something doesn't feel right...

ST AR-15: You...

M4A1: 15... You're hurting me...

Commander: 15, let go!

ST AR-15 lets go grudgingly and turns to the Commander.

ST AR-15: This isn't M4.

Commander: What?!

M4A1?: If I'm not M4...Then who am I...?

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1?: 15...

M4A1?: Didn't we promise each other that we'd go home together?

ST AR-15: You!

RO635: 15, calm down!

At the sight of RO struggling to hold back a raging ST AR-15, Dandelion drops her pretense altogether.

Dandelion: Oh dear, the cat's already out of the bag. That was no fun at all.

Commander: You're Dandelion...

M4 SOPMOD II: Where's M4? Where did you put her?!

Dandelion: Who knows? Maybe I consumed her.

M4 SOPMOD II: Liar!

SOP-II lunges at Dandelion and bites her on the shoulder.

RO635: SOP-II!

Commander: ...

Upon learning that Dandelion is once again in control of this body, the Commander plops down on the sofa dejectedly.

RO635: Commander...

While RO is distracted, ST AR-15 and SOP-II charge at Dandelion, filling the quiet command post with their noisy bickering.

RO quickly offers the crestfallen Commander a cup of warm water.

RO635: Commander, M4 will definitely be back.

Commander: I know...

There is an uncertain knock on the door.

Standing by the door that got ripped of its hinges, Khaybar looks around the disorderly command post in bewilderment.

Khaybar: Commander...Is everything alright in here?

Commander: Yeah, just having some usual bickering.

Khaybar: Is this what life is usually like at the Griffin base...?

Commander: Uh, not exactly...

Khaybar: Oh right, the Earl just left a message in response to your inquiry regarding the exchange of hostages proposed by Paradeus that I passed on to him earlier.

Commander: What did he say?

Khaybar: He said, "You may do what you will with Morridow."

Commander: Please convey my gratitude to the Earl for his continued support.

Khaybar: Will do.

Khaybar skirts around the various obstacles lying on the floor and vanishes from sight.

UMP45: Are we really handing Morridow over?

UMP45: M4 did say she was going to handle it, but what happened at the airport was way too sudden.

RO635: She mentioned a timing. This happens to be a good one.

RO635: We can go along with her plan and even get Ange back.

UMP45: But she never explained her plan in detail before she was gone.

RO635: She didn't leave any concrete instructions, but her intention is clear.

UMP45: I also want to get Ange back, but if we botch this, Morridow might return to William with an abundance of information about us.

UMP45: We'll be playing right into Paradeus' hands. Our losses will be devastating.

Commander: The stakes are very high, 45, but this is also a rare opportunity for us to get our hands on William.

UMP45: Hm, I see what you mean, but I still think this is too risky...

UMP45 has more to say, but she's interrupted by a racket.

Dandelion: Don't forget, I haven't run out of instances of immunity yet.

ST AR-15: You have no such thing!

ST AR-15: Y-you go and explain the situation to the Commander yourself!

M4 SOPMOD II: Make sure you tell them everything!

Dandelion is pushed up to the Commander. She looks a little disheveled, and her hair is tousled.

But she doesn't seem to mind. She dusts herself off and looks at the Commander evenly.

Dandelion: M4 is gone. To be more exact, Lunasia is gone.

Commander: Where has she gone?

Dandelion: I'm not sure, but I can feel that she's not here.

Commander: Do you know when she'll be back again?

Dandelion: No, Commander. I don't know any more than you do.

ST AR-15: What else are you hiding?

Dandelion: I also want to see M4 again. After all, she's the only one who has the answers to a lot of perplexing questions.

Dandelion: But unfortunately, I cannot get a hold of her, nor can I determine when she will return again.

M4 SOPMOD II: I miss M4...

RO635: We'll definitely see her again.

RO635: But before that, we have a job to do.

Commander: ...

The Commander looks up at the AR Team.

Ever since they arrived in Berlin, these Dolls have never rested. They've been on high alert and in constant danger the whole time.

They may be Dolls, but even they are near their limit.

Commander: Let's push it one last time. For our final mission.

At the agreed time, the Commander has Khaybar dial the number.

The call is picked up after seven rings.

???: You are very punctual, Commander. Have you come to a decision regarding our deal?

Commander: I'll agree to the exchange, but I want to speak to Ange before that.

???: What if I say no?

Commander: I need to be certain that she is still alive and well. If you can't even afford us this courtesy, then it will be difficult for us to proceed with the exchange.

The person on the other end snickers and puts down the handset.

Shortly after, a stifled scream comes through the speaker.

The Commander grips the handset tightly, their knuckles are white.

???: Satisfied?

???: Now you know for sure that Ange is indeed still alive and well.

Commander: ...

???: Now, about the exchange.

Commander: Two hours from now, same place. We'll meet at the airport.

???: No problem.
Part 4: -48-5-6.txt

4

...At the airport warehouse.

Pale fluorescent light shines upon the two Nytos' long hair, making the woman sitting in a wheelchair behind them all the more lackluster in comparison.

???: I like punctual people.

Commander: Where is Ange?

???: I've brought her. Where is the one I asked for?

Commander: ...

The Commander's gaze darts toward the woman sitting in the shadow with her head bowed, but her features are completely obscured by the dark.

Commander: Is that really Ange?

???: If I were you, I would not answer a question with another question.

Grig unsheaths her sabre and recedes into the shadows. She holds her sharp blade against Ange's neck.

One flick of her wrist will send blood gushing out of Ange's neck.

Commander: ...

Commander: Morridow is right here. Khaybar.

Khaybar: I'm here.

Khaybar opens the crate in which Griffin's hostage is being held, and Morridow comes rolling out.

Morridow: Where have you brought me now?

Morridow: I hope you're switching things up a bit; I'm really tired of your old interrogation tricks.

Khaybar: Shut your mouth!

Khaybar trains her weapon on Morridow's fatal spot.

???: Teacher...

Morridow: That voice... Gray?

Commander: It's your turn. Let me see Ange.

Gray: Sure.

Gray's lips curl into a cruel smile. She claps her hands.

Gray: You can wait for Ange in Hell.

Whoosh! Khaybar is sent flying in an instant. When she looks back at where she was standing, Morridow is already nowhere to be found.

Only the woman with the bowed head remains in the shadow where Gray and Grig were.

UMP45: Verdammt, I knew it!

RO635: ...

Now certain that Morridow has been taken from them, the Commander and RO635 exchange a look.

Bangbangbang!

Paradeus units lurking in the dark open fire, and the woman's wheelchair is shot to pieces.

UMP45: An—! It wasn't Ange after all.

A black-haired Nyto collapses to the ground from her wheelchair, her long dark hair appears dull under the pale light.

She is wearing Ange's clothes and even bears the same scars.

Commander: Set up a line of defense and prepare to engage the enemy!

RO635: Roger!

Dandelion: Incoming ambushers at 6 o'clock.

ST AR-15: From behind us as well?! Paradeus sure is giving us the proper VIP treatment...

Kaboom!

The explosion coming from behind knocks the Commander off their feet.

Through a hail of flung-up dirt, the Commander can barely make out a white figure charging straight at them...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm coming, Commander!

Bangbangbang!

Under an intense barrage, the white figure is like a piece of paper that gets fed into a shredder, its fragments drifting lightly to the ground.

But soon enough, as if someone had pressed copy and paste, a new white figure appears and comes charging in again...
Part 5: -48-5-7-point.txt

5

...The flickering white light casts shadows of despair on the Dolls' faces.

It also illuminates the approaching Paradeus units.

UMP45: We'll cover your retreat, Commander.

UMP45: Don't forget, the AR Team cannot be backed up, but we can.

UMP45: By the way, remember to pay for our upgrades; Dier has been waiting for the payment for a really long time.

UMP45 slaps on her final magazine and gestures for the Commander and the AR Team to fall back behind Squad 404.

Commander: No, we won't be able to get very far even if you sacrifice yourself to buy us time.

RO635: 15, how are you holding up?

The Commander looks at the AR Team worriedly. To save the Commander, ST AR-15 has taken multiple bullets in the leg, which has vastly reduced her agility.

RO and SOP-II can still fight, but their stamina is obviously running very low.

Dandelion: Don't look at me. It's not like I want to be useless; it's not my fault that the last user of this body drained so much of its energy.

Commander: ...

UMP45: Run, Commander. If you don't go now, we'll ALL die here.

Bangbangbang!

Under UMP45's command, Squad 404 moves in front of the AR Team and starts covering them.

416: Gr G11, what are you doing?!

Gr G11: Ugh... The enemies are like bugs... Gah...

UMP9: Gr G11!

The endless waves of enemies are overwhelming Gr G11's neural processing capacity and she is about to crash.

416: Why does it have to be now?! 9, cover me!

UMP9: Okay!

Bangbangbang!

Under UMP9's fire support, 416 removes Gr G11 from the frontline, but this further weakens their already suppressed firepower.

M4 SOPMOD II: Come on! Come at me!

RO635: Don't be rash, SOP-II!

A bullet grazes SOP-II's mechanical limb and sends sparks flying. Her evasion speed is significantly slower than before.

UMP45: Stop dawdling, Commander!

Commander: We're retreating together! Blow up the wall and force our way through!

RO635: Commander, if we create an explosion in such an enclosed space, you will...

Commander: Just do as I say!

RO635: ...Yes, Commander!

Bangbangbang!

Under Squad 404's cover, RO gathers all the explosives and prepares to demolish the wall of the warehouse.

RO635: Commander, whenever you're ready!

ST AR-15: Protect the Commander!

The exhausted Dolls huddle around the Commander in the hope of neutralizing as much of the explosive impact as possible.

The Paradeus units, who know neither pain nor fatigue, are still coming for the Commander...

UMP45: Would it kill you to not take any risks...?

Commander: Haha, I guess it would...

Commander: RO, on three.

RO635: Roger!

Commander: One...

416 shields Gr G11 behind herself, while UMP45 wordlessly plants herself in front of Squad 404.

Commander: Two...

RO steps in to block ST AR-15 and SOP-II, while Dandelion surreptitiously shuffles behind the Commander.

The Commander takes a deep breath and prepares to say the final number.

As if they were about to finish an incantation for some unknown magic spell.

Commander: (Inhales)

Boom!

The powerful explosion almost tears the entire roof off the warehouse.

Commander: RO, why did you jump the—

RO635: I didn't...

The Commander stares at RO, who looks just as confused.

Gentle morning light comes pouring into the warehouse through the wall that has been demolished with great accuracy.

Agent: Perfect timing.

Outside the wide-open cabin door of an aircraft stand several girls wielding heavy weaponry.

Agent: Commander, if you could all please move aside.

Gager: You're blocking my trajectory.

Commander: It's you...

RO635: Our reinforcements!

ST AR-15: Finally...

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow... You're so cool!

Bangbangbang!

Drones flit over the Commander's and the Dolls' heads and start attacking Paradeus' forces.

Scarecrow : The enemies have thick armor, so Gager and Alchemist should make the first move. I'll help by cleaning up after you.

Alchemist: Here I come! ♪

Executioner: Hahahaha... It's been so long since I last indulged in such carnage!

Executioner leaps up with her heavy sword lifted and lands smack in the middle of Paradeus' formation.

M4 SOPMOD II: Woohoo! Now I can also get a nice workout...

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Hey, save some for me...
Part 6: -48-5-8.txt

6

...At the airport warehouse, the Commander successfully repels Paradeus' assault with Sangvis Ferri's help.

ST AR-15: Tsk, it really was a trap. They didn't even bring Ange.

Commander: ...

UMP45: Don't panic, Commander. Ange won't go without putting up a fight.

Commander: I know. Let's get ourselves out of this sticky situation first.

Khaybar runs over while panting heavily.

Commander: What is it?

Khaybar: Commander... I just received some terrible news...

Commander: What happened?

Khaybar: I...Don't know how to tell you...

Khaybar: You'd better see for yourself...

The Commander's hands start trembling inexplicably as they bring up the news.

"Breaking news! Multiple PMC bases came under artillery bombardment in the Neo-Soviet Union..."

Commander: ...

The Commander's mind goes blank. All they can see is a blinding white light.

???: Save us...

Agent: ...

RO635: Commander...

Commander: What happened to the Dolls?!

KH2002: I looked through all the reports, but no one has been able to contact the Griffin base because of an electronic blockade. We don't know what's happening in there.

Commander: I need to go back! Right now!

Commander: Khaybar, get me the next flight!

Khaybar: Yes, Commander! I'm already contacting the airport staff!

Khaybar: However, due to the most recent destruction to airport facilities, it will take them some time to make the arrangements...

The Commander crumples into a sitting position on the ground in a daze.

The airport is actually quite chilly, but a roaring fire is burning in their heart...

...Neural Cloud Storage Room, Basement 3, Griffin Base.

Standing in front of the crisscrossed network that is the neural cloud servers, Helian looks both small and frail.

Ingram: So many... Is our data all stored within them?

Persica: You see? That's why I told you it's impossible.

Helian: ...

Helian: Then think of a way to make it possible.

Persica: With our current manpower, the most feasible solution would be to compress all the data into a single storage unit before transport.

Persica: However, this comes with two risks. Firstly, there's a possibility that some data will be lost during decompression. Secondly, if the storage unit is destroyed, all our Dolls' data will be lost.

Helian: Can't we back up the data?

Persica: You've got to be kidding me. Where am I supposed to find enough spare hard drives to do that?!

Helian: ...

Helian: We'll do it your way.

Persica: Are you absolutely sure? This is the memory of the entire Griffin base... No...

Persica: For the Dolls, this is their most essential component...

Persica: The slightest damage to the data could have a serious impact on their self-concept.

Ingram: ...

Helian: Yes, I'm sure. Get started.

Persica: You know, there's actually another solution.

Persica: We leave the neural cloud server right here. I'm confident that the insurgents won't find them.

Helian: What if they just level the entire Griffin base?

Persica: ...

Helian: Judging by the commotion they've caused so far, this isn't going to be a small-scale attack.

Helian: I think...This is just the beginning.

Persica: Since you've already made the decision, I'll start making the preparations.

Helian: Then please.

Persica: You... Yes, you, rugged Doll. Come and give me a hand.

Ingram: Sure.

Helian's communicator chirps to life.

Kryuger: Helian, I'm leading the Dolls over to regroup with you. When we're there, we'll escort our neural cloud servers and evacuate.

Helian: Understood. But where are we supposed to go?

Kryuger: We can't confront the enemy's assault head-on, so we must go downward to evade them.

Helian: Downward... But we'll be fencing ourselves in...

Kryuger: We don't have a choice.

Kryuger: Don't worry, Helian. Even if it's a dead end, we'll definitely think of a way out.

Helian: ...Alright, I understand.

Helian ends the call.

The ceiling quakes due to the relentless explosions. Helian wipes away the dust stuck to the surface of the neural cloud servers.

Helian: As long as we still have everyone, we will have a Griffin base no matter where we go.

...In the dormitory, Kryuger has assembled all the surviving Dolls.

Kryuger: Now let's do another headcount and reorganize our teams.

The T-Dolls line up in an orderly fashion and starts counting off one by one.

Kryuger's face grows increasingly grim as the process continues.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Dolls in the back, keep going!

The Dolls look at each other in wordless dismay.

Thompson: That was the last of us, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: ...

There is a long silence.

Kryuger: I see.

Kryuger: All of you, take turns to undergo emergency repairs at GSh-18's. Let the more heavily damaged Dolls go first.

Kryuger: Rest and prepare for our operation in the meantime. We're setting off in 20 minutes.

Thompson: Roger.

WA2000: What next, Mr. Kryuger? What's our operation plan?

Kryuger: Escort the neural cloud servers to the bottom level and await rescue.

Kryuger: This is going to be a very difficult battle. You must be prepared for that.

Kryuger: I'm not one to give out false reassurances. I'll just give it to you straight—

Kryuger: This mission is practically impossible.

The Dolls' pale faces look even more dejected.

Kryuger: We have already suffered terrible casualties, but more suffering awaits us.

Kryuger: Our only hope for victory is to deliver the neural cloud servers to safety.

Kryuger: If we succeed, then all of you, as well as the Dolls who have perished, will return.

Kryuger: If we fail, the Griffin base will cease to exist.

M14: We'll... cease to exist...

Kryuger: In all my years of military service, frankly speaking, this isn't the bleakest battle I've encountered—it's not even the second or third.

Kryuger: In the past, I would've started lecturing you on how to deal with this kind of situation.

Kryuger: But now, I know that you have already experienced even darker moments.

Kryuger: And the Commander has led you all out of the abyss one step at a time, by treading on the corpses of your friends and foes.

A faint glimmer returns to the dispirited eyes.

Kryuger: To all of you, who have already experienced true despair, this is all I have to say.

The Dolls are now ready and getting back to their feet one after the other.

Kryuger: Any more questions before we set off?

A slender arm is raised amid the silent group.

Kryuger: Tokarev, what can I clarify for you?

Tokarev: When will we be able to put all this bloodshed and strife behind us?

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: I'm sorry, Tokarev.

Kryuger: "Only the dead have seen the end of the war."
Part 7: -48-5-9-point.txt

7

【Warning】 The following is an important hint for this battle, please do not skip it!

Persica: As you can see, these are our neural cloud servers.

Persica: They may look heavy and bulky, but they're actually really fragile.

Persica: If you fight near them, there's a very high chance that you'll damage the hardware, which leads to data loss and damage.

Persica: The neural cloud servers contain the precious memories of the Dolls, so please carefully consider their position in battle.
Part 8: -48-5-10.txt

    8chevron_right

...After meeting up with Persica, Kryuger directs the Doll squads to begin moving the neural cloud servers.

The original plan was to avoid the enemies using the Factory's elevators, but the continuous explosions have blocked their path.

The omnipresent enemies and the severe damage to the friendly squads make every decision of Kryuger's a vital one.

As Kryuger decides their next move, the Doll squads stop in the Factory to rest.

Thanks to Persica's tinkering, the neural cloud servers are much less of a load on the Dolls, but it is still a very heavy one for the current Doll squads.

Helian scrolls worriedly though the Dolls' statuses on her tablet as she walks toward Persica, who is sitting on the ground and drinking coffee.

Helian: Persica, is there a way to lighten the servers more?

Persica is so mad that she spits out her coffee.

Persica: What the hell are you saying? How could I finish software and hardware applicability tests, data compression, device remov—

Helian: Stop complaining. Just get to the point.

Persica: No, there isn't! Unless you move the servers back and give me half a month to optimize them!

Persica: Oh, and I'll need someone on full-time coffee-brewing duty for me—

Helian sighs and walks over to Kryuger.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, given our current situation, I believe it is impossible to move the neural cloud servers away.

Helian: Should we consider Persica's suggestion and return the neural cloud servers—

Kryuger: Helian, do you remember your first mission after joining the Griffin base?

Helian: ...Yes.

Kryuger: Back then, the Griffin base was only a year old or so, and Doll mercenaries were a rare thing.

Kryuger: All of society was watching us unblinkingly, looking forward to us making fools of ourselves.

Helian: Yes, back then people still couldn't accept human mercenaries being replaced by Dolls.

Kryuger: Your very first mission was to lead a squad of Dolls into the contaminated zones to recover supplies.

Kryuger: Entering the contaminated zones was already extremely risky to begin with, and the first-gen Tactical Dolls was nowhere as efficient as they are now.

Helian: But I didn't disgrace Griffin, and the success of the mission even dealt those naysayers a tight slap.

Kryuger: Haha... Yes, no matter how much you cried or how much stress you were under, you grit your teeth and completed the mission.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger... Why are you bringing up such ancient history...?

Kryuger: To me, it feels like it happened yesterday.

Helian: ...

Kryuger: And now, we are at another turning point.

Kryuger: Once again, Griffin's future is in our hands.

Helian: ...I understand.

Helian gazes at the Dolls working around her.

Helian: We'll make it through as well this time.

... Carter's fingers drum rhythmically on the table.

Carter: Haven't you found the objective yet?

Spetsnaz Officer: We've taken the whole of Basement 1, but we haven't found any traces of humans.

Carter: Griffin has taken more than 50% Doll casualties so far. This is a very good start.

Carter: Don't let up. Press the attack.

Spetsnaz Officer: Understood.

Carter: Remember at all times that Kryuger is a monster who strikes back the moment he can catch his breath.

Carter: That is his strength, but if you can make use of it, it can also become a fatal weakness.

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes sir! I will inform the men.

The Spetsnaz officer returns to his post and the battle zone inside the Griffin base.

Carter's gaze turns to the floorplan of the Griffin base and the Doll count.

Carter: Now how will you turn this around, Kryuger?

At the temporary command post.

Carter has positioned himself in front of the holographic map, where he is listening to his subordinates' sitreps.

His people have reported their activities on all their targets from west to east, but Carter's eyes have always been fixed on one place.

Spetsnaz Liaison: ...And that's the current state of the operation.

Spetsnaz Liaison: In summary, with the exception of the Griffin base in Area S09, the battles for all the other PMCs are now in the cleanup phase.

Carter: And what stage of the operation plan is the Griffin base at?

Spetsnaz Liaison: We've encountered heavy resistance, so we are still trying to break into the base interior, meaning we have fallen behind schedule.

Spetsnaz Liaison: At the same time, we've taken casualties to our combat teams. While we still hold an absolute advantage...

Spetsnaz Liaison: General, should we continue this stalemate?

Carter: The Griffin base is not like other PMCs. There is a unique strategic significance to it.

Carter: It will be worthwhile, no matter how high a price we have to pay.

Spetsnaz Liaison: Yes, sir...

Carter: You may leave.

After executing a textbook salute, the liaison leaves.

Carter plants both arms thoughtfully on the holographic map.

Carter: And here I thought it would be easy with that young Commander in Berlin.

Carter: How could I have forgotten about you, Kryuger? Age has not dulled your skills in the least.

Spetsnaz Officer: General, I have a report on the battle situation.

Carter: What stage is the plan at now?

Spetsnaz Officer: We have committed all our manpower to attacking the base.

Spetsnaz Officer: Currently, we have destroyed all surface structures and are attacking their underground facilities.

Carter: Show me your combat logs.

Spetsnaz Officer: A moment, please.

A detailed summary of the operation against the Griffin base appears on the projection in front of Carter.

He immediately starts reading it.

Carter: So you've sealed off all their routes of retreat, but you still haven't found a trace of Kryuger or the neural cloud servers?

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes.

Carter: Divert all the combat teams from the other PMC bases to the Griffin base. Bring more force to bear.

Carter: Eliminating Kryuger and Helian is a priority that supersedes the basic objective of wiping out all the Dolls. Without human commanders, that group of Dolls has no chance.

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes, sir!

After giving another solemn salute, the soldier vanishes from the transmission window. Carter's gaze returns to the map of the Griffin base.

Carter: If I were you...

Carter: I'd hide on the bottom level and look for a chance to fight back...

After twiddling a flag in his hand for a while, Carter plants it squarely on level B3 of the Griffin base.

Basement 3, in the Factory.

Helian is taking stock of the Dolls' injuries.

Helian: Waiting for part replacement. This one as well. Hm, this one can't fight anymore, assignment changed to supply carrier...

Helian: She'll be able to move once she gets fixed. GSh-18, prioritize—

Helian: Nevermind, she's too busy, I'll take care of it myself.

Helian kneels beside the injured Doll and personally carries out the repairs.

Helian: Ingram, get me a wrench, that one—

A wrench that's just the right size is passed over Helian's shoulder.

Helian: How do you know this is the one I need?

Surprised, Helian turns around, and her eyes grow wide.

Helian: M4!

M4A1: ...

Helian: What are you doing here...?

Persica: Aha, got you!

Persica pokes her head out from behind M4, looking very proud of herself.

Persica: This isn't M4. This is an AR Team Dummy that I specially left in reserve.

Helian: ...I thought I was seeing things.

Helian: However, it does mean our fighting power will be boosted a little.

Persica: Yeah, with these AR Team Dummies around, I might be able to preserve some of my experimental materials...

Just as Persica is musing about her lab supplies, Helian has smoothly incorporated the AR Team Dummies into the current Doll squad deployment.

On the other side of the room, Kryuger is re-forming the Doll squads and commencing the next round of tactical deployments.

Kryuger: All Dolls who have completed their repairs, gather round!

Kryuger: I'll be going over the plan for the upcoming battle.

The Dolls assemble quickly in neat rows in front of Kryuger.

Kryuger: Webley, what news is there of the enemy movements?

Webley: The enemy squads have penetrated every corner of the base. Basement 2 is about to be overrun.

Thompson: Mr. Kryuger, we are extremely low on weapons and manpower now. We can't fight the enemy head-on anymore.

Kryuger: Right. We'll be splitting up into two teams. One team will escort the neural cloud servers and continue to the lower levels to take shelter and wait for help to arrive.

Kryuger: The other team will delay the enemy offensive for as long as possible to buy the escort team time.

Helian: ...

Helian stands by Kryuger's side and looks at the paltry ranks of Dolls.

An acute sense of sorrow fills her heart. Griffin has lost more than half of its Dolls, and in the upcoming battle, more and more of these lovely faces will continue to perish.

Kryuger: Before I officially start assigning teams, I will make each team's mission clear.

Kryuger: I will lead the Dolls who choose to stay to hold off the enemy. We will be facing a grueling, difficult battle.

Kryuger: Our ammo stockpiles are critically low, all of you have sustained injuries of different severity, and our supply of Dummies is also dwindling. Meanwhile, the enemies we're about to face are well-equipped and well-provisioned soldiers.

The looks on the Dolls' faces turn grim.

Kryuger: The escort team's mission is by no means easy either. You will bear the future of Griffin on your shoulders as you head downwards.

Kryuger: If we fail, you will be the only hope for the Griffin base to survive.

Kryuger: Helian, you will be leading the escort team.

Helian: Understood.

Kryuger: The Dolls who cannot fight will be automatically assigned to the escort team. As for everyone else, you are free to decide where you want to go.

There is little hesitation. The Dolls soon split up into two rows.

MP-443: Tokarev, are you serious?

Tokarev: Yeah, I want to keep fighting.

MP-443: ...No way. You too, Ribeyrolles?

Ribeyrolles: I can't bear the weight of hope... I'd rather perish in the fires of war...

MP-443: ...

PPK: What the heck are you looking at me for, can you imagine me working as a delivery worker?

MP-443: You're mad... You're all mad...

MP-433, who is about to head over to the escort team, changes her mind and doubles back.

MP-443: I might as well go mad with you too...

Contrary to Kryuger's expectations, the number of Dolls in the blocking team far outnumbers the escort team.

Kryuger: Thank you all for your trust.

Kryuger: Time is tight, so before the battle begins, there is one last bit of preparation to do—

Kryuger: Get rid of everything on you that isn't your weapon or your ammo.

Kryuger: We will be fighting many battles, and even a single extra kilo of weight could influence the entire outcome.

T-Dolls: ...

Kryuger: I know you're carrying items which have significant meaning to you, mementos which help you remember your friends or yourselves.

Kryuger: But right now, I need you to abandon these feelings and focus all your processing power on combat.

Kryuger: Don't worry, you'll have time to say your goodbyes. I'll be waiting for you outside the Factory. Form up outside once you're ready.

Kryuger exits the Factory by himself.

Feeling conflicted, the Dolls exchange looks, but then they rearrange their gear as ordered.

By the time the last Doll leaves the Factory, it is dramatically different from how it was a few days ago.

The walls are covered with encouraging slogans—

"Victory for Griffin!" "I'll be back!", and the like.

The ground is also littered with all kinds of objects left behind by the Doll—

From drinks that they couldn't finish with their friends, intricately carved rocks, the personal items of fallen Dolls...

Standing in the middle of all this, Helian feels that the Factory is no longer just a factory, but a miniature museum.

One dedicated to love, death and robots.

Inside Havier's office, in the IOP research center.

Spiraling clouds of smoke cling to the ceiling of the tightly-shut office. They coil and writhe, but do not dissipate.

He has not smoked for a very long time. People have given him cigars in the past, but they have been largely set aside. Today, however, he has finally found an opportunity to light them.

...That said, he has only taken a few puffs from them. For the most part he simply lights them over and over again, then leaves them to burn out.

The communicator doesn't even manage to complete a full ring before Havier picks it up.

Havier: Hello.

"Old Misha": ...How are things, Havier?

The bass voice of an old man comes from the other end of the line.

Havier: They've made their move.

"Old Misha": Yes... Was it as we expected?

Havier: In all ways.

Havier: We were right, Carter just won't give up.

Havier: We'll raise the net once they make even more of a mess.

"Old Misha": ...Very good.

Havier: Still, there is one thing I would like to seek your opinion on.

"Old Misha": Are you talking about those PMCs?

Havier: What they have done should not be forgotten.

"Old Misha": Nobody will forget them.

Havier: I understand your plan, and I have faithfully executed it.

Havier: However, Griffin has made vital contributions to our cause.

Havier: In addition, Persica's talents are one-of-a-kind.

Havier: I believe there is no need to have them all buried beneath the earth... What say you?

"Old Misha": You may do as you see fit.

"Old Misha": I will not interfere...So long as the outcome is not affected.

Havier: ...Understood.

Havier: Thank you for your magnanimity.
Part 2: -48-6-2.txt

2

Kaboom!

Explosions occasionally filter down to the shooting range on Basement 2.

In the dim light, Kryuger can make out the Dolls lying in ambush, nervously waiting for the enemy to arrive.

Webley: Mr. Kryuger, the enemy's first wave has reached Zone D3.

Kryuger: Squad D5, stay alert.

Thompson: Roger! Dummies have been deployed.

Webley: The enemy's first wave has arrived in Zone D4. Their second wave has reached Zone D3.

Kryuger: All units, stay alert. The enemy is about to step into the snare.

The Dolls remain carefully still as they stare in the direction where the enemy is coming from, their fingers poised on their trigger.

Though their surroundings are utterly silent, the Dolls have a feeling that rustling footsteps are drawing close to them...

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Get ready...

The order to fire is about to come.

Fingers tighten around triggers.

The enemy could rush out from around the corner at the very next moment...

...In front of the backup elevator in Basement 3.

Helian and the escort team are waiting for the elevator.

Persica notices Helian keeps looking uneasily toward the ceiling.

Persica: Helian, are you worried about Kryuger and the others?

Helian: Yeah, the enemy outmatches us too greatly.

Persica: Relax. As they say, "Mankind's most powerful weapon is familiarity and faith."

Helian: You seem surprisingly carefree at a time like this.

Persica: You guys at the Griffin base have never disappointed me, after all.

Persica: Rather than worry about them, you should be more concerned about our servers.

Helian turns around and look at the escort team. Almost all the Dolls who can still fight have volunteered for the blocking team. All she has are just a few remnants.

Under normal circumstances, they ought to be in the repair bay.

GSh-18: We'll be fine, Miss Helian.

The Dolls do their best to appear casual and relaxed even as they drag the heavy neural cloud servers with their badly-damaged bodies.

Helian: ...

Helian: Thank you all for the work you have done.

Helian: Just hang in there. Help will surely arrive.

Helian looks back up at the ceiling for the Nth time.

Persica has no idea whether she's looking at Kryuger or at the direction where help might be coming from.

...At the shooting range in Basement 2.

The blocking team huddles together, checking the bodies of the recently slain enemies and salvaging usable ammo.

Kryuger: Four humans and seven Military automatons.

Kryuger: That's an elite squad deployment. Carter must be wringing his hands up there.

Webley: Mr. Kryuger, we haven't found any signs of an enemy advance yet.

Webley: We've spotted the enemy withdrawing to Basement 1 through the Basement 1 and 2 stairwell.

Kryuger: Good, keep observing them.

MP-443: Withdrawing...? Don't tell me that's all the people they have?

Tokarev: Well, the enemy HAS lost a lot of people...

Thompson: Should we attempt a counterattack, Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger contemplates the matter as he rifles through the enemy's gear.

Kryuger: From what I know of Carter, he's probably waiting for backup and resupply, so he's chosen to fall back temporarily.

Thompson: If we can wipe them all out before they can resupply, we'll be able to drive the frontline all the way forward in one blow...

Kryuger: Indeed, there's another reason we should give it a try; we need to get back to the armory to top-up on stores, and this is also a good opportunity to buy ourselves some time.

Kryuger: Helian, the enemy's falling back, we're going to try for a counterattack. Stick to the plan and keep retreating downwards.

Helian: ...Roger. Please stay safe.

Kryuger: We will.

Kryuger: Ladies, get ready, we're beginning our counterattack!

...At the entrance to the backup elevator on Basement 3.

Under Helian's command, the Dolls move back and forth in an orderly manner between Basements 3 and 4 as they transport the neural cloud servers.

Helian: I have a bad feeling about this.

Persica: Didn't Kryuger say the enemy was retreating?

Helian: What if it's a trap?

Persica: Given Kryuger's experience, he must have made that decision after considering all the possibilities.

Persica: If all we do is run, we'll end up waiting to be killed in the lower levels of the base sooner or later.

Helian: I know just waiting to be rescued is a rather passive course of action, but I'm just a little worried...

Persica: Well, at least you can beat these enemies.

Persica: If I were going up against you, I'd seal off the entrances and exits to the base and flood the whole place!

Helian: ...

Kaboom!

The elevator gives a violent shudder, then the power supply cuts out.

Helian: What's wrong?

Helian opens the power management systems through the tactical tablet and discovers that the power supply to Basement 2 has been cut.

Helian: Did the enemy do that...?

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, are you okay over there?

All she hears over the channel is white noise and a busy tone.

Persica: Protect the servers!

GSh-18: Everyone, don't panic!

Kaboom!

The constant shellfire drives the remaining Dolls to huddle together, like a flimsy little raft amidst towering waves.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger...

...At the corridor that joins Basement 1 and Basement 2, Kryuger leads the blocking team in ferocious pursuit, and they wipe out the few enemies who have been left behind.

PPK: They sure do love playing hide-and-seek. They run whenever we give chase.

MP-443: We've got them running scared!

Kryuger: Wait. Cease pursuit.

Kryuger raises his hand to signal to the squad to stop.

Thompson: What's wrong, Mr. Kryuger? A little more and we'll be at the B1 Armory, where we can resupply.

Kryuger: The enemy is baiting us. Every time they reach the limit of our attack range, they run.

WA2000: But why would they string us along like this? And they've already lost so many men...

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Fall back for now.

Kryuger's expression shifts when he suddenly recalls something.

But in the next moment—

Fizzle... The power supply makes its last gasp before dying.

The light cuts out in an instant, and darkness falls.

Kryuger: Get down! Put on your night vision gear!

Bangbangbang!

Kaboom!

Intense gunfire pulverizes the walls in an instant.

Bullets and shellfire come in all directions and there's no way to tell friend from foe.

The Dolls are swimming blind in a vast ocean of blackness, darting between the surging waves and ducking the bullets that whiz past them.

Kryuger: So it WAS you, Carter...

Thompson: What should we do, Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: Dolls with night vision gear, cover our retreat!

Tokarev: Yes, sir!

Kryuger: You've got to hold on, Helian...

Kaboom!

A shell goes off at close range.

Kryuger: Ugh...

Thompson: Mr. Kryuger!

Thompson: Requesting backup, Mr. Kryuger's been hit by an explosion!

...In front of the stalled lift on Basement 3.

Thompson: Miss Helian, we're falling back to Basement 3. Mr. Kryuger's been badly hurt...

Helian: What?!

Thompson: Mr. Kryuger is unconscious, we need leadership!

Thompson: We're currently attempting to shake off enemy pursuit. Miss Helian, please assume command ASAP!

Helian: Understood. Continue retreating along your current course.

Thompson: We can't just come back like this, the enemy's hot on our heels!

Helian: ...

Persica: At times like these, you need to send out a squad to delay the enemy.

Persica: The neural cloud servers will be in danger if they lead the enemy straight to us.

Helian: Of course I know that...

In the few seconds Helian spends hesitating, a trembling voice comes over the line.

Tokarev: Miss Helian, please let me stay behind to hold off the enemy and buy the others time to retreat!

Helian: Tokarev...

Tokarev: Welrod gave her life to save me, so I want to do whatever I can...To help the others...

Helian: ...

Helian: Very well. Tokarev, you're now the leader of the blocking squad. Put a team together and get the others out of danger.

Tokarev: Roger!

After hanging up, Helian leans against a wall and slumps to the ground. A chill runs down her spine.

Once again, she can feel the terror of being trapped in the darkness.

...The blocking squad starts building a defense line while the others retreat one after the other.

Tokarev puts her back to a piece of cover and carefully listens for the enemy's movements.

Thompson: Those cunning bastards. With the power out, there's no way Miss Helian can transport the neural cloud servers either.

Tokarev: We'll think of a way to fix it.

Thompson: I'm staying here with you.

PPK: All we can do is buy time. Eventually, the enemy will overwhelm us.

PPK: When that happens, you need to take the remaining Dolls to protect Mr. Kryuger and Miss Helian, as well as the neural cloud servers.

PPK: Let us handle this mission. It's easy enough—all we have to do is die. Your mission is a lot harder.

Ribeyrolles: Yeah...

Tokarev: Don't worry. We'll fight until the end.

Thompson: ...

Thompson: I'll leave a squad behind as a second defense line. If you can't take it anymore, fall back to them.

Thompson pats Tokarev on the shoulder, then slings the unconscious Kryuger on her back and leaves.

MP-443: I didn't expect I'd end up with you guys again.

Tokarev: It feels like Welrod has brought us together...

Ribeyrolles: ...

PPK: So, Miss Taking-Over-For-Welrod. What should we do now?

Tokarev: Delay the enemy and restore power.

MP-443: With just the few of us?

Tokarev: Yup, just the few of us.

In the darkness, Tokarev's eyes gleam with determination.

PPK: That's a bold plan. I like it.

MP-443: There's no way we can do it... Not with our current firepower...

Tokarev: We're going to avoid all stand-up fights.

Tokarev: Ever since the enemy entered the base, their tactic has been a concentrated bombardment, followed by sending in a squad to assault.

Tokarev: There's no way we can handle an attack like that in our present condition.

PPK: We'd be gone in less than a second. Wouldn't even leave a stain behind.

Tokarev: Also, I've noticed most of the enemies are using submachine guns and grenades. No pistols or melee weapons.

MP-443: Isn't that a standard loadout?

Tokarev: That means they aren't prepared to fight at anything closer than submachine gun range.

PPK: I think I get it now...

MP-443: What do you get?

Tokarev: We can use narrow passages to crush them in close combat.

Tokarev loads her pistol, and the shovel behind her back seems to emit an eerie glow in the darkness.

MP-443: This is starting to sound pretty exciting!

Ribeyrolles: Close combat... I can do that...

PPK: Looks like we've got a plan. Now then, that only leaves one question—

PPK: Who's going to be our lone wolf who fixes the power?

The excitement behind the cover suddenly cools off into silence.

Tokarev: W-why are you all looking at me...?
Part 3: -48-6-4.txt

3

...In a Basement 2 corridor of the Griffin base.

A rebel Spetsnaz trooper stands atop the corpses of the Dolls, reporting the situation to his commander.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: Sir, we're pursuing Doll squads in the Griffin base and we've found traces of human blood, but there's still no sign of Kryuger.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: A Doll squad is holding the passage to Basement 2 and they ambushed us. We're working to overcome them.

Spetsnaz Officer: Don't hold back your ammo. Break through them ASAP and continue pursuing Kryuger.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: Copy that. Also, a solitary Doll has been sighted in Zone D7.

Spetsnaz Officer: While she's probably just running around blindly because her neural cloud is confused...

Spetsnaz Officer: Send a few people over to make sure.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: Roger!

After hanging up, the Spetsnaz squad leader signals to the rest of his squad to follow him.

... 570 meters from the damaged power conduit.

Onward, onward, Tokarev runs alone through the darkness, toward the location of the damaged power conduit that Helian shared with her.

Tokarev: PPK, acknowledge!

PPK: PPK copies, go ahead.

Tokarev: I just heard an explosion from your direction, are you guys okay?

MP-443: Oh, it was just an enemy bombardment, the base's structure should be able to hold out for a while.

Tokarev: Glad to hear that...

PPK: Unfortunately, our location has been exposed.

PPK: And slightly sooner than expected.

Tokarev: ...

Ribeyrolles: Footsteps... They're very close.

PPK: Talk to you later. It's time for us to go.

The call ends.

Tokarev: Please be alright...

...At the blockade line, which has lasted for 7 minutes and 16 seconds so far.

MP-443: I'm impressed, PPK. You totally downplayed our situation.

PPK: Well, what did you expect me to say, that we're out of ammo, our cover is Swiss cheese, and we three pieces of trash are about to be forced into hand-to-hand combat?

Ribeyrolles: ...

Ribeyrolles: I'll cover you...

MP-443: Well, it's not like I haven't done close combat before, it's just that when I have to give up my pistol and fight with my shovel all of a sudden, it kind of—

An enemy rushes through the smoke of the explosion and is about to reach their battle line.

Whoosh!

With brutal efficiency, MP-443 swings her shovel down and chops deep into his neck.

MP-443: —Feels like a metal hurdle. You know what I mean?

PPK: ...You're actually in the mood to crack jokes at a time like this. You're tougher than I thought.

MP-443: ...

Ribeyrolles: More enemies incoming...

MP-443: No problem, we'll kill them as they come.

PPK and company duck behind cover again, counting the heavy footsteps of the incoming enemies.

MP-443 glances at Ribeyrolles. She gets the message and slowly moves to the leading edge of their cover to deliver a volley of preparation fire.

Ribeyrolles: Locking onto enemy...

Ribeyrolles: Target locked, preparing to fire.

Ping!

It is the sound of the shot being deflected by heavy armor.

MP-443: Crap, it's one of the big ones.

PPK: Looks like we'll have to use the grenades we were saving for ourselves.

The Dolls are forced to draw on their what little ammo they have left to handle this tough fight.

As they listen closely again, the footsteps vanish.

MP-443: Ribeyrolles, where's the enemy?

Ribeyrolles: They're gone...

PPK: ...

The three Dolls carefully poke their heads out from behind their cover.

Thud.

Thud thud thud...

Hasty footsteps ring out again, and a heavily-armored Military automaton sprints at them, holding bundled grenades in its arms...

PPK: Retreat! RETREAT!

Kaboom!

... 173 meters from the damaged power conduit.

Bangbangbang!

Tokarev huddles behind a door frame, avoiding the enemy's sweeping fire.

Tokarev: PPK, I've been spotted and I can't contact Miss Helian.

PPK: Can you still run? As for comms, we can't contact her either.

PPK: Don't go imagining things, it's probably just signal jamming.

Tokarev: Yeah, I'm okay. I'm just trapped for a bit.

PPK: Think of a way to get rid of them, otherwise they'll just destroy the conduit again after you fix it.

Tokarev: Let me see...

Tokarev: Are things going well for you?

PPK: Hehe, very well indeed, we're running circles around the enemy.

Tokarev: That's good to hear.

PPK: See you at the next check-in.

PPK hangs up.

The call seems to have given Tokarev strength, because she works up her courage and leaps out of the doorway.

Bangbangbang!

The bullets seem to be grazing past her...

...At the blockade. It has lasted for 9 minutes and 23 seconds so far.

MP-443: ...

PPK: What, not going to make a wisecrack?

MP-443: Do I LOOK like I have the energy to wisecrack?

MP-443 has only one leg left, so PPK is dragging her to the second defense line. The Dolls here have long since been blown up.

PPK collects what little ammo remains on the fallen Dolls.

PPK: As I thought, it's down to us.

MP-443: Did you get any mementos from Ribeyrolles just now?

PPK: ...

PPK: No, she was too close to the explosion. There was nothing left of her.

MP-443: I should have kept a little pebble on me or something when we were gearing up earlier...

MP-443: At least you'd have something to remember me by.

PPK: Well, you can forget about that. Neither of us is going back.

PPK: When we wake up again, we won't even have these memories.

MP-443: Then who will remember us?

PPK: Nobody, MP-443. Nobody will know what happened here except us, right now.

MP-443: That's awful. Could there be anything worse than that?

PPK: ...

PPK: Of course. Don't forget, I'll still have to hold out after you bite it.

MP-443: I didn't know you were so good at comforting people.

MP-443: In that case, can you sing me "Katyusha" before I'm gone?

PPK: I only know how to sing "Erika".

MP-443: That's fine too. Not like I can be picky when I'm about to die.

Kaboom!

The enemy's furious bombardment is very close by. The first defense line has been completely leveled.

PPK: Auf der Heide blüht ein kleines Blümelein ♪

PPK: Und das heißt Erika. ♪

PPK's song seems distant and unreal amidst the explosions.

PPK: Heiß von hunderttausend kleinen Bienelein ♪

PPK: Wird umschwärmt Erika. ♪

She can no longer hear the cannonfire and the hurried steps of the enemy. All that remains is PPK's quavering voice as she sings her song. MP-443 clutches her shovel and smiles.

... 0 meters from the damaged power conduit.

Tokarev rushes to repair the severed power lines with trembling hands.

The footsteps of the enemy behind her draw close. It seems they're just one corner away from coming up behind her...

Tokarev: PPK, I'm almost done!

PPK: How much longer?

Tokarev: 37 seconds!

PPK: Work faster.

Tokarev: I'm going as fast as I can...

Tokarev: PPK, why does your voice sound so weird?

PPK: Is that a confusing kind of weird or a sexy kind of weird?

Tokarev: ...

Tokarev: Okay, seriously, are you guys alright? It feels like I haven't heard from Ribeyrolles and MP-443 in a while...

PPK: What, are you so sick of hearing my voice?

PPK: No! Good thing you've been talking to me all this time...

Tokarev: Otherwise, I'd probably have broken down by now...

PPK: I'm sorry.

Tokarev: Huh?

PPK: This is as far as I can go with you.

Tokarev: PPK, what happened to you?

The power conduit is repaired and the power comes back on.

PPK: Run, Tokarev. Run and don't look back.

Tokarev: PPK?!

Kaboom! The sound of a massive explosion assaults Tokarev's ear.

Tokarev: ...PPK!!!

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: There she is!

Bangbangbang!

Tokarev rolls behind a corner and bullets whiz past her ear.

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Use the explosives! Flush it out and open fire!

Tokarev: Oh no... If they throw explosives this way, it might cut the power again...

Tokarev: There's no way Miss Helian and the others can drag all those heavy servers down the stairs...

Tokarev: I need to draw them off.

Bang!

In one swift movement, Tokarev ducks out of cover and returns fire, running in the opposite direction from the power lines.

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: Don't let it get away!

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Open fire!

Tokarev: ...

Tokarev uses the last of her ammo to drive the enemy back, then rolls backward behind a door.

But before Tokarev can hit the ground, a grenade is there waiting for her.

Kaboom!

Tokarev: Urgh...

The shockwave distorts her vision. Tokarev has no time to assess her body's condition. All she can do is make a mad dash in the opposite direction from the power conduit...

Tokarev: I need to buy as much time as I can for Miss Helian...

Tokarev: I mustn't waste their sacrifice...

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: Look out, the target's still moving!

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Step aside, I'll throw another!

Kaboom!

A searing explosion goes off behind Tokarev, throwing her to the ground and sending her skidding for quite some distance.

The enemy is hot on her heels, like starving wolves that have scented blood.

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: This Doll...

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Look out, she's got a gun!

Bangbang!

Through her blurry vision, Tokarev sees something fly from her body.

She strains to focus her eyes on it and realizes that it was her gun arm.

Eternal night is about to descend, weighing down on her eyelids. It feels like it will crush her completely in the next moment.

Tokarev: Everyone, I'm coming for you...

Suddenly, an ice-cold hand whips through the darkness and slaps her cheek.

Tokarev raises her heavy eyelids and sees PPK with a sadistic smile on her face.

Tokarev: PPK...

PPK: Get up, we're all watching you from behind.

Tokarev: You guys...

PPK vanishes into the air.

Tokarev stands up again and stumbles forward, as though in search of the light

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: What kind of monster is this?!

Bangbangbang!

Her leg gives way under her. Tokarev's body goes limp, and she falls forward once again onto the hard floor.

The darkness before her eyes swirls wildly, and in the middle of it is Tokarev's giddy neural cloud.

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Don't get close. These Dolls are very good at close combat. Finish her off with a grenade.

Tokarev can feel the enemy's footprints echoing through her chest through the icy floor.

At this critical moment, Tokarev's neural cloud makes her recall something utterly unimportant.

It feels like being blindfolded in the middle of an intense standoff.

...Somewhat earlier this evening, while they were looking for some important supplies in the warehouse.

MP-443: Wow, I can't believe I actually put this souvenir here.

Tokarev: What's this?

MP-443: It's the remains of a bionic dog.

PPK: Why would you collect that?

MP-443: Hey, this dog made the news!

MP-443: It threw itself on a bomb that was about to explode to save its master.

Tokarev: So it's a symbol of loyalty.

MP-443: Nonono, I didn't collect it for such a lame reason.

MP-443: I collected it to remind myself that as Dolls, our entire body is a weapon.

MP-443: Even if we lose our weapons and ammo one day, we still have our bodies. I hope I'll remember that and have the courage to fight to the bitter end.

Welrod MkII: Well said, MP-443!

Tokarev is brought back to reality by a round of applause.

As Tokarev turns her head, she sees a heavily-wounded Welrod walk among the enemies, standing where one of them is taking out a grenade.

The enemy's silhouette and Welrod slowly overlap.

Tokarev: Welrod...

Her vision is blurred by tears.

Welrod MkII: "Do not go gentle into that good night."

Tokarev: "​​Old age should burn and rave at close of day;"

All Tokarev can see now is Welrod.

She forgets the enemy, forgets the shellfire, and forgets herself.

Welrod MkII: "Rage."

The only thing left in her neural cloud is a final directive—

Run.

RUN!

RUN FORWARD!

MP-443: As Dolls, our entire body is a weapon.

PPK: This is as far as I can go with you.

Ribeyrolles: Leave it to me...

Tokarev: HAAAAARGHHHH!

The sudden, bestial cry stuns the Spetsnaz troopers, and Tokarev breaks into a mad sprint, like some kind of monster.

She's getting closer to Welrod, and in the next moment, Tokarev embraces Welrod—

She hears Welrod's cry echo out to the edges of the sky.

Welrod MkII: RAGE AGAINST THE DYING OF THE LIGHT!!!

Tokarev: EEEYAAAAHHH!!!

Tokarev lunges at the enemy who is pulling out the pin of his grenade...

Kaboom!

Click. The secretary turns on the light switch.

Secretary: Director? Why were your lights off?

Zelinsky: I was looking at the map.

Zelinsky turns off the holographic map he was studying and looks at the secretary who has just entered the room.

Zelinsky: Any news?

Secretary: Yes, we've eliminated some of our forces from suspicion of treachery. They can be transferred any time.

Zelinsky: Have they sorted out their mess ?

Secretary: Yes, and we've found the reason for it.

Secretary: The MOD hub systems were disrupted and someone was sending many false commands from the inside.

Secretary: Most of our units ended up moving out because of this misinformation.

Secretary: Right now, some of our bases have successfully regained system control privileges and are starting to work off-grid.

Zelinsky: This is ridiculous... The Military's systems are about as hardened as papier-mache.

Zelinsky: Still, that proves there are many problems within our ranks.

Zelinsky: Fortunately, we still hold the initiative, for the most part.

Zelinsky shakes his head and rises from his chair.

Zelinsky: Report this to the brass.

Secretary: Yes, sir.

Zelinsky sits back down and turns the map on again, staring at it with an intense look on his face.

Zelinsky: A storm is coming...

Bangbangbang!

Boom!

Kaboom!

The endless stream of enemy fire has Helian and the others in dire straits. They are defending the elevator landing, barely holding on as they wait for the power to come back.

Helian: Tokarev!

Persica: Our comms are cut, we can't contact them!

Kaboom!

The enemy isn't making rash advances. Instead, they're planning to flush them out with their heavy guns.

The baptism of shellfire stirs the flames around the Dolls to burn hotter, and thick smoke is drifting everywhere.

Persica: Do something! At this rate, my lab instruments will be done for!

Kryuger: Thompson, assemble a defense line. Keep the enemy away.

Thompson: Yes, sir!

Helian: Mr. Kryuger...

A heavily-wounded Kryuger leans against the wall beside Helian, his face ashen.

Helian: Please hang on, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: Don't cry, Helian. Today should have been a happy one.

Helian: What do you mean happy? It's a terrible day...

Kryuger's hand trembles as he raises it and feels around inside his coat.

Helian: What are you looking for? I'll help you find it.

Kryuger: No. If nothing else, I must give this one thing to you in person.

Kryuger hands a bloodstained envelope to Helian.

When she opens it, she sees a plain, ordinary notice inside.

Helian: "Dear Miss Helian,"

Helian: "We are very pleased to inform you that Griffin & Kryuger PMC has decided to officially hire you as a permanent employee."

Helian: "Your employment starts from today, until forever."

Helian: This is...

Kryuger: As long as our base still exists, we will protect you forever.

Kryuger: That way, you won't have to force yourself to go to mixers or whatever.

Kryuger: You will always have a place you can turn to.

Helian: ...

Helian: I thought you hated words like "always" and "forever". You even scolded me for saying "always" when I first started my job.

Kryuger: Haha...

Helian: Good morning, Mr. Kryuger. I am Helian. I will be your adjutant starting from today.

Kryuger: Good. I hope you'll be worthy of my trust.

Helian: You can always trust me, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: Hey, newbie. Don't use words like "always" or "forever" so casually.

Kryuger: You proved yourself to me through your actions.

Kryuger: And you taught me that "forever" isn't a measurement of time, but—

Kryuger points wordlessly at his heart.

Helian: ...

Kryuger: This might be a really bad time for it, but I still want to tell you this.

Kryuger: Happy 10th work anniversary, Helian.

Kryuger: We were going to give you a surprise, but it got ruined.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger... Everyone...

Helian looks in surprise at the Dolls around her.

NTW-20: Sorry, Miss Helian, the cake's a mess now...

Thompson: We spent all night setting things up, but the bastards blew it all to hell!

Helian: Thank you...

Helian: I'm happy to be able to spend my last moments with you...

As she hears the enemy clearing the passage of burning debris, Helian knows it's only a matter of time before they reach this place. Her tears roll down her soot-streaked cheeks.

Helian: ...

Helian: If today is my last day...

Kryuger: Then we'll fight to the very end.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger...

Kryuger struggles to get to his feet, but the wounds on his back are too severe. Every attempt he makes to stand up only serves to open them up more.

Kryuger: We haven't lost yet.

Helian: ...

Persica: Kryuger, don't move anymore...

Kryuger: No, we can't just give up like this.

Helian helps support Kryuger, hoping to lay him down in a position which is better for his wounds.

Kryuger stubbornly tries to hoist himself up, and his repeated attempts to stand cause fresh blood to flow down Helian's arms.

Helian: Please... Mr. Kryuger...

Kryuger: Up!

Helian's head droops down, and her tears splash on the floor.

Kryuger: Helian...

Kryuger sits back up on the ground and sighs heavily.

The Dolls gather around in a group hug. No words are said.

Kaboom!

The ground trembles like a rocking cradle amidst the constant bombardments.

Thompson: Those are bombers...

Whoosh... The emergency power comes back on and the lifts can be used.

Helian: They...They did it...

Helian: Tokarev? MP-443? PPK? Ribeyrolles?

On the tactical tablet, the pings which represent them are dark.

Kryuger: Don't let their sacrifice go to waste. We must carry on.

Helian: Let's fall back to Basement 3 and get you bandaged.

Kryuger: No, the tables have turned for us.

Helian: What?!

Kryuger: Didn't you hear that? Those were bomber planes!

Kryuger: Our surface structures have all been destroyed. The only ones who would launch bombers are our reinforcements.

Helian: And if they're not, then we're all finished. We have no way to make a comeback from this...

Persica: Yeah, keep fighting. I've been running all night, I can't move anymore...

Persica: If they really are reinforcements, remember to come down and get me.

Kryuger: So, what's your decision?

Helian: ...

Helian: I decide to trust you, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: Activate the AR Team Dummies, Persica. But if you don't follow us, I can't guarantee they'll still be usable after this.

Persica: What? No way! I'll control them!

Kryuger: Everyone, listen up! Head upwards and fight our way out! Our reinforcements have arrived!
Part 4: -48-6-6.txt

4

With the help of Zelinsky's reinforcements, the rebel troops outside the base suffer a devastating blow.

As the rebels' morale wavers, Kryuger leads the remaining Dolls in breaking out of the base.

Helian: We did it!

Kryuger: Yeah...

As Kryuger looks up at the long-awaited sky, he suddenly keels over backward.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger!

Zelinsky: Miss Helian, can you hear me?

Helian: Yes I can, Director Zelinsky!

Zelinsky: The reinforcements have arrived.

Zelinsky: You are safe.

Rescue Doll: Miss Helian, please let us take care of Mr. Kryuger.

Rescue Doll: Please load the neural cloud servers onto the vehicle. The wounded Dolls can also come with us.

Helian: Thank you... Thank you all...

Kryuger forces his eyes open.

Kryuger: I'm fine, Helian...

Helian: Right...

Kryuger: ...Help me contact the Commander.

...The Commander paces around restlessly in the airport waiting area. The surrounding Dolls have an unspoken understanding that they are not to disturb them.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is it really okay to leave the Commander alone...?

ST AR-15: Let the Commander calm down by themselves.

M4 SOPMOD II: But the Commander almost pulled out all their hair...

Dandelion: Human hair can grow back.

RO635: I wonder what's happening at the base...

Agent: ...

Beep beep beep...

The communicator goes off.

Commander: Ah!

When they see the name on the caller ID, the Commander almost loses their grip on the communicator.

Commander: Mr. Kryuger!!!

Commander: ...Is the base alright? H-how is everyone?

Kryuger: It's fine, although it looks like a Brobdingnagian stepped on it.

Kryuger: ...Just kidding. The neural cloud servers are still intact.

Kryuger: Helian and I have sustained some light injuries, and Persica has only lost a few lab instruments.

Persica: ONLY a few lab instruments?! Y-you haven't heard the last of this!

Commander: What about Kalina, how is she?

Kryuger: They sent her to a hospital to recover several days ago. Her condition is very stable.

Kryuger: How about you? How are things in Germany?

Commander: Things went very well here. Paradeus is running from me like Lilliputians sighting Gulliver.

Kryuger: Good, I knew you could handle it.

Kryuger: Zelinsky's men are here to back us up, so no need to worry on that front.

Kryuger: Havier's MCV is on its way. I'll be coming personally to Berlin after this.

Commander: Take care. I'll be waiting for you in Berlin.

Kryuger: Alright. See you in Berlin.

The call ends.

Commander: I'll wipe out every last trace of Paradeus in Berlin so you can have the perfect place to recover...

The rebel Spetsnaz squad leader tightens his grip around his gun and adjusts his posture to listen to the transmission.

Spetsnaz Officer: Our mission is over. Gather everyone and withdraw.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: But Kryuger and Helian have not been eliminated yet. Are we really going to fall back just like that?

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes, but we still have a more important mission.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: Understood.

Spetsnaz Officer: The first snow of Moscow awaits us.
Part 5: -48-6-7.txt

5

...Emergency News Report.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless, here is the latest international news.

Shadowless: A few days ago, large-scale firefights occurred across the territory of the Neo-Soviet Union. Multiple PMCs were subjected to bombardment by unknown forces, but due to the lack of information caused by an electronic blockade, little is known until further investigations can be carried out.

Shadowless: Now let us direct our attention to some local news.

Shadowless: There have been new developments regarding the closures of pharmaceutical plants under the Galatea Corporation.

Shadowless: The National Health Commission and the National Drug Regulatory Administration received a number of reports from partners of the Galatea Corporation accusing the company of various crimes, such as falsification of research data and analysis reports.

Shadowless: Former Galatea staff member Miller also filed reports to relevant government departments against the corporation regarding the alleged corrupt practices and stock market manipulation perpetrated by the company's management level. The government has officially opened the case and commenced investigation into the matter.

Shadowless: The director of the Gray Institute of Biotechnology has earlier been replaced by Professor Heine, who committed suicide yesterday evening. The former director Gray is currently missing.

Shadowless: Our reporter is already on site at the institute, we shall now pass it over to him.

...

On-Site Reporter: Yes, we are now outside the Gray Institute of Biotechnology, ready to interview some random citizens in the area.

On-Site Reporter: Hello, are you aware of the recent closures of the Galatea pharma plants? They've caused quite a stir.

Passer-By A: Of course! You'd see their marketing everywhere; they made themselves out to be some kind of "savior", but they've actually been lying to us and sabotaging other pharma companies that genuinely want to conduct proper research!

On-Site Reporter: Right, thank you for sharing your opinion.

On-Site Reporter: Hello, sir. What do you think of the closures of Galatea's pharma plants?

Passerby-By B: It's over... It's all over! My investments have all gone down the drain...

Passerby-By B: Hahahaha! Who could've known?! Hahahahahaha...

On-Site Reporter: This gentleman seems a bit emotional, let's move on to the next. Hello, what are your views regarding the closures of Galatea's pharma plants?

Passer-By C: All these rich people are absolute scums! The more saintly they pretend to be, the more unscrupulous they actually are!

Passer-By C: How dare they trample upon our lives?! They can all go right to hell!!! And this Gray woman! I trusted her, and she ended up running away taking all our money! I would come back as a ghost and haunt you, you hear that, Gray?!

On-Site Reporter: Apologies, the situation is getting a little chaotic, so I'll be wrapping up the interviews here...

The on-site reporter hurriedly cuts the connection with the TV station as the crowd starts jostling wildly.

Shadowless: Thank you for showing us the situation at the institute.

Shadowless: That concludes today's news, brought to you by the DFF.

...

In the Paradeus base, the black Nytos milling about all stop as they hear a familiar voice.

Gray strides into the room.

Mrs. Gray: Get out, all of you.

Nyto: You...

Mrs. Gray: Don't make me repeat myself.

The Nyto is so frightened by Gray she ends up dropping all the documents in her hands. Under their superior's sharp glare, the black Nytos file out of the room promptly.

Stepping over the unimportant documents, Gray slowly walks over to her chair, sits down, and rubs her temple.

Grig: ...

Grig has once again slipped up behind her silently.

Grig: ...You've brought her back.

Mrs. Gray: It's the only thing that I can be glad about.

Having calmed her high-strung nerves, Gray lets out a long sigh.

Mrs. Gray: Teacher will need some time to recover... I've delivered her back to Father.

Mrs. Gray: We can't afford to wait too long. We need her to take charge of the situation.

Grig: ...Perhaps it's better for her to rest for a while.

Grig places her hands on Gray's shoulders from behind.

Mrs. Gray: Morridow is irreplaceable, Grig.

Grig: ...To me, you are the irreplaceable one.

Mrs. Gray: ...Grig.

Grig: What did Father say?

Before Gray gets even more cross, Grig changes the subject delicately.

Mrs. Gray: Father didn't say anything... I can sense that he's displeased.

Mrs. Gray: Teacher would know what to do...

It's a moment of unprecedented crisis for Galatea.

Even Gray's social status, which she has always relied on, is in shambles.

Mrs. Gray: Perhaps...It's time I give up my identity.

Gray grips the armrests of her chair and says indignantly.

Bramedb: Not perhaps, my dear Mrs. Gray.

Bramedb: I'm afraid you must do that immediately.

Mrs. Gray: ...!

An insolent voice speaks up from outside the room. Bramedb pushes open the door and saunters in.

Grig: ...Bramedb.

Bramedb: Hello, Grig. I'm very happy to see that you're well.

Mrs. Gray: What are you doing here instead of minding your own business?

Mrs. Gray: Don't tell me you're starting to feel nervous now that Teacher has returned?

Bramedb: Why should I be nervous? Even if Morridow wants a cull, her vengeance won't come down on me.

Bramedb: ...Besides, Father just handed me a new assignment.

Bramedb: I suppose it will be quite some time until Morridow returns to the frontlines.

Mrs. Gray: What?

Gray fixes Bramedb with a cold stare, her voice a little higher than usual.

Bramedb takes in her surprise and obviously takes great pleasure in it.

Bramedb: It's an order issued by Father himself~

Bramedb plops herself down on the sofa in front of Gray without invitation. She strokes the seat flippantly.

Mrs. Gray: ...Father always makes wise choices.

Mrs. Gray: Teacher must have endured a lot of torture by those Soviets' hand, she needs time to rest.

Mrs. Gray: But she didn't come back empty-handed. At the very least, she has come into close contact with the being who overpowered Narciss.

Mrs. Gray: When she's awake, Father will have use for her again.

Mrs. Gray: When she returns together with Narciss and sees your impudence, she will not be pleased.

Bramedb: ...

Bramedb reins in her cockiness just a little.

Bramedb: Remind me of that when the day comes, Gray.

Bramedb: For now, take your lackeys...As well as those defective specimens and trash...

Bramedb: And scram.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Bramedb: Count your blessings. Our merciful Father has given you all a second chance.

Bramedb: If you fail again...Even I won't be able to put in a good word for you, Gray.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Gray's eyes narrow. She slowly gets to her feet and gives Bramedb a superficial smile.

Mrs. Gray: Why, thank you, Bramedb.

Bramedb: You're very welcome, Mrs. Gray.

Chief's Office, Stasi HQ.

The moment the door to the chief's office opens, J jumps up restlessly from the sofa.

But when he sees who it is, his disappointment is immense and apparent.

J: ...Why is it you?

K: ...Why can't it be me?

K: What brought you here so early?

J: I've been sitting here for half an hour already... You're always telling me to be punctual, but you end up being late yourself.

K: It's good that you're fixing your attitude.

K: But don't forget it's also rude to show up too early.

K shrugs and sits down next to J with a leather satchel tucked under his arm.

K: ...You seem very restless.

J: I'm actually very excited... So excited my palms are sweating.

J: Just the thought that I can once again participate in the investigation makes me giddy.

K takes out a cigarette but suddenly remembers he is in his superior's office. He puts the cigarette away with a sigh.

K: ...I was worried you would be down in the dumps.

K: Looks like I worried for nothing.

J: Mona is still in a repair tank, and the first thing she'll remember is my suicide attempt.

J: ...If I don't start pulling myself together, the first thing she does when she comes back will be to smack me on the noggin.

K: Haha, you're right.

K smiles with relief and lowers his voice.

K: ...Don't shoulder it all alone.

J: ...I know.

The door opens once again, interrupting their conversation.

Romy strides into her office and puts down a stack of documents without so much as a glance at the two agents.

Romy: Don't get up, stay seated.

Even though she never looked up, Romy can still tell they were just about to get to their feet, as if she had eyes on the back of her head.

J: ...What is our mission this time?

Romy: A very important one.

Romy: But I have other matters to attend to, so the PIC of this mission...

K sits up a little straighter unconsciously.

Romy: ...Will be a special consultant that I've invited.

J: A special consultant?

Romy: Listen to them and don't give me any more trouble.

Romy: I have already discussed the details of the mission with the consultant, and they will be briefing you later.

Romy: Are we clear? Schwaben, what's with that face?

K: ...Nothing.

K is visibly dismayed.

Romy: Then I'll be leaving it to you. Don't forget, you represent the Stasi.

With that, Romy prepares to take her leave.

J: Wait!

Romy: ...Is something else the matter, Agent Kevin?

J: ...You're just leaving? Aren't you going to introduce this consultant?

Romy: I don't think that'll be necessary.

J: What do you mean that'll not be necessary?!

Knock knock. Someone is at the door.

Romy: Come in.

The door to the office opens slowly. A familiar face walks in. They look a little nervous and uneasy.

Commander: ...K? It's been a while.

K: ...

K gawks at this "special consultant".

Romy: As I said, it wouldn't be necessary.

Romy shrugs.

Commander: ...Ms. Romy would like us to search all these Galatea facilities.

The Commander picks up the stack of documents that Romy has left on the desk and starts flipping through the pages.

Many sections have been redacted. The Stasi is clearly keeping many things from them.

J: I see... I see.

J clenches his fists, his eagerness palpable.

J: We're finally doing something about them!

K: But...Even if we don't read the details, just look at how thick this stack is.

K: It must be a really long list of facilities.

Staring at the stack in the Commander's hands, K points out his concern with a frown.

K: If we're to act, we must make it a blitz.

K: This is a race against both time and Paradeus.

K: If we give them the time to relocate any important information, we will have failed our mission.

K: I think we should focus on a specific location.

J: It's a no-brainer—Gray's office must be full of secrets.

K: That's a great suggestion, and I agree.

K: We owe almost all the breakthroughs in our previous investigation to information leaked from that place.

K: The place has been locked down now, so all the data should still be there.

Commander: ...

The Commander has been reading the documents intently and only looks up in the middle of J and K's discussion.

Commander: I have another idea.

K: What idea?

Not expecting his own suggestion to be vetoed, K peers at the Commander curiously.

Commander: I'd like to make a trip to Berlin Prison.

J: The prison? You mean the one...Where you kicked up a huge fuss? The one that's also sealed off right now?

J: Sure, that place was involved in a scandal, but what could be left there? Why have you thought of the prison?

Commander: I talked to Ange once.

Upon recalling the fight that day, the Commander clenches their fists, crumpling the papers in their hands.

J: What?

J's eyes widen.

Commander: It's a long story so I'll just tell you the gist.

Commander: Back then, Ange was at Paradeus' mercy.

Commander: She was only allowed to talk to me very briefly, but she gave me a hint.

K: A hint? About the prison?

K immediately catches on.

Commander: In the Soviet Union, only people in one kind of place have a significant association with tattoos.

The Commander recalls Ange's defiant face again.

...She wouldn't have made a completely irrelevant remark at such a crucial moment.

K: ...I see.

K: I'll send other teams to search the Galatea labs.

K: The main force will come with us to the abandoned prison.

Commander: Good.

K nods and turns to leave. The Commander's directs their attention back to the photograph of Gray on one of the documents.

J: ...

Commander: What is it?

J: Nothing... I'm just very glad that you're here.

J smacks the Commander on the shoulder with a grin before following K out of the office.

...

...

The Commander stays in the room all by themselves, just spacing out. A short while later, they can hear J shouting desperately outside the door.

J: Hey! I'm begging you, ladies! Don't treat the Stasi armory as your backyard!

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, don't be so stingy!

J: And you! I saw you stuffing ammo into your suitcase! Those rounds aren't even the right caliber for you, are they?!

UMP45: You're talking to me? How could you slander me without proof...?

J: I can forget about the ammo, but why are you sharpening your knives now?!

Executioner: Hm? There aren't any signs saying that I can't...

J: Commander! Aren't you gonna do something about this?!

Commander: Pffft...

Suppressing a laugh, the Commander pretends they didn't hear anything and continued reading the documents.

...

At the abandoned Berlin Prison.

A cordon tape stretches across the wide opening in the damaged wall. The site is quiet like a tomb.

Ever since the riot, this building has been abandoned, and the remaining inmates were transferred to other prisons.

Because of a series of incidents, the government still hasn't been able to produce a complete restoration plan, and it is just left here in its derelict state.

Commander: ...If you think about it, this does make for a perfect blind spot for hiding things.

M4 SOPMOD II: This place is so quiet now. It was really lively when we last visited.

RO635: I much prefer the peace and quiet to an ELID rave...

Dandelion: 15, what are you thinking about?

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 avoids everyone's eyes awkwardly. The Commander knows exactly what's on her mind.

Machlian: ...I will die by an unnatural cause, and that too is destined.

That woman walks up to the Commander once more in the sunlight, peering up at them with teary eyes.

The Commander gives their head a firm shake. This isn't the time to be thinking about her.

Commander: Found anything?

UMP45: The control system is still the same as before. Nothing has changed.

J: Nothing special about this area. It's just common living facilities for the prisoners over here.

K: Nothing to report here either.

Commander: Keep searching.

UMP45: Don't be in such a hurry to hang up. The system hasn't changed, but I do have a new discovery.

Commander: What discovery?

UMP45: They've shut down the surveillance system and even deleted all previous CCTV footage, but the cameras have not been moved.

UMP45: I noticed that the security cameras are located everywhere, even in the toilets and bathrooms.

UMP45: But there's one particular storage room that has no camera at all.

Commander: Which area? Mark it on the map.

UMP45: Done. It seems to be the closest to Mr. J.

J: Copy that. I'll take my men and check it out right away.

Commander: We'll head over there too.

...At the storage room indicated by UMP45.

J: You're here, Commander?

Commander: Have you found any clues?

J: My subordinates have turned the room upside down, but other than some cleaning tools, we've found nothing.

Commander: RO, take everything out and check all the objects one by one.

RO635: Roger.

The Commander enters the emptied storage room and starts inspecting each piece of tile with their fingers.

Dandelion: This wall is hollow.

Commander: What?

UMP45: Commander, can you show me the wall behind you? Yes, the one facing the door.

Commander: This one?

Dandelion: That's right.

Dandelion: ...Hold on, Commander, don't touch it.

RO635: SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Leave it to me!

SOP-II squeezes past the Commander and smacks the wall with no hesitation.

Whoosh...

Commander: Hm?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ack?!

The next second, SOP-II's body tilts forward and she falls quite literally head over heels into another place.

Commander: What...?

RO635: So that's where the secret mechanism is hidden!

UMP45: I knew something was fishy. Hang on, Commander, we're coming over as well.

Commander: J, get your people here too.

Commander: K, we've made a huge discovery over here!

Commander: ...Let's go down together and take a look.

The elevator button glows a mysterious green.

With an ear-splitting screech, the elevator slowly reaches the bottom level.

The doors slide open to reveal a spacious warehouse.

Commander: ...Ange.

The Commander mutters, a little astounded by the sight.

Delivery crates are scattered all over the warehouse, each clearly bearing Galatea's logo.

J: ...I can't believe there's such a place hidden beneath the prison.

Commander: This is Galatea. Nothing they do can really take me by surprise anymore.

Commander: Stay on your guard. J, K, get your men down here and pack everything up.

Commander: ...We're heading further in. RO, 45, stand guard here.

Commander: Agent, cover me.

J: Okay, leave it to us.

Agent: Be careful, Commander... Don't trip.

Following the the dust on the floor, the Commander starts searching for traces left behind by Paradeus.

The warehouse is very large with winding passages. Under the protection of various Sangivs units, the Commander slowly heads deeper.

RO635: ...I still can't quite get used to this.

ST AR-15: You're not alone.

Ignoring the AR Team's remark, Agent silently walks on at the forefront.

All of a sudden, she comes to a halt upon noticing something.

Agent: Commander, these footprints are still fresh.

Commander: Hm?

The Commander makes their way through the group of Sangvis bodyguards and comes up to Agent.

Commander: Hm, I believe they have only just started moving the crates... Moreover, they're probably still here.

Gager: If we had Architect with us, we could just blow this whole place up.

Alchemist: Please stay within our protective circle... If those monsters are who we'll be dealing with, we must be very careful.

Scarecrow: The drone hasn't detected any enemies.

Agent: Should we search in a different direction?

Commander: Dandelion?

Dandelion: There is a familiar presence in this warehouse, but I can't pinpoint it.

The Commander's brow furrows, a little troubled by the ambiguous information.

Dandelion: ...Wait, no.

Dandelion: It's not that I can't pinpoint her, her position is constantly changing.

Dandelion: She's moving at high speed—she's too fast! Commander, get back here!

Whum!

The familiar hum of a sharp blade cuts through the air. Before the Commander can react, the white figure is already right in front of them.

Blades of black and white collide, sending out sparks that light up the entire passage.

Executioner: Tsk, what the hell?!

Grig: ...

In the blink of an eye, Grig has already darted back to several meters away. She gazes coldly at Executioner, who blocked her attack.

Agent: Are you alright, Executioner?

Executioner: No, not at all.

Executioner's arms are trembling uncontrollably.

Executioner: If I parry more of her strikes, you'll have to buy me new bionic muscles.

Commander: ...

The Commander stares at Grig on the other end of the passage.

Grig... If she is here, that means...

Grig: ...!

Grig looks up, then with a flash, the slender figure disappears into thin air once more.

Commander: She's getting away! Give chase!

Sangvis Units: Roger!

...

Agent: ...The trail of footprints stopped right here.

Commander: There's nothing around that can help people disappear...

Commander: We've lost her, 45. Have you found anything on your end?

UMP45: Nothing. All we've got were some goods, which have been handed over to J and K.

UMP45: We're now coming over to join you.

Commander: Right. Keep an eye out for tracks on your way.

The Commander raises their communicator to turn it off, and the screen turns black.

The smooth dark surface reflects the Commander's face...And the white figure behind them...

Commander: Behind us!

Whum!

Clang! Clang!

The crisp sound of metal colliding rings out twice. This time, Executioner and Alchemist spring into action at the same time, deflecting Grig's lethal blade and pushing her away.

Executioner: Ha! I was waiting for it!

Alchemist: ...The sharp blade whistles too loudly as it slices through air.

Alchemist: A bit hard to miss.

Grig: ...

Standing on top of a Paradeus apparatus, Grig flicks her sabre, making it hum again.

Grig: Don't go any further.

Grig: Turn back.

Commander: ...Why are you trying so hard to keep us out? What's in there?

Grig: ...

Hunter: ...A wheelchair.

Commander: What?

Hunter: I can see what I believe is a wheelchair behind the door.

Hunter: Scarecrow?

Scarecrow: The drone is in position... You are correct.

Scarecrow: The wheelchair is outfitted with shackles for the wrists and ankles. These are covered in bloodstains.

Scarecrow: It seems to be...Prepared for a prisoner.

Commander: Ange... It's Ange!

Commander: Ange, are you in there?!

Dandelion: The door is very thick. Even if someone is behind it, they can't possibly hear you.

Commander: Ange!!

Whum!

The sabre blocks the Commander's advance.

Grig: ...

Commander: ...Since you insist on getting in my way, I'm afraid I must have you removed first.

To the Commander's left, Executioner starts caressing her black blade.

To their right, Alchemist is looking at Grig intently with mounting excitement.

Agent: ...You heard the order.

Agent: Eliminate her.
Part 6: -48-6-9.txt

6

...

Whum...

In the enclosed space, Grig deflects gunshots with her blade and darts around from obstacle to obstacle.

Executioner: Take this!

Grig: ...Tsk.

The advantage in her ghostly speed is largely mitigated in these battle conditions.

Grig: ...

Alchemist: Where are you going, my lovely?

...These Dolls are consciously restricting her movements by forming an encirclement around her.

Grig: (Exhales)

Her slash sends Executioner stumbling back several steps.

Her disadvantage will only get worse if this goes on...

Gager: You're not getting away!

Grig: What?!

Grig is just about to break through the encirclement using the opening she just created, but is intercepted by Gager, who has stepped up to take Alchemist's place.

Grig has been caught in their formation.

Grig: In that case...

Grig backs off quickly and leaps towards the corner. She runs up the wall with light steps that defy gravity.

To the Commander's human eyes, she looks exactly like a specter climbing up to the ceiling.

Scarecrow: Good job. She fell for it.

The drone sticking to the ceiling suddenly lights up. Grig immediately changes direction—

Grig: ?!

Agent: I have delivered death to your doorstep.

That's when Grig finally sees it—the Doll dressed like a maid standing on the far end of the encirclement ring lifts her skirts gracefully.

The next second—

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!!!

The cannons poking out from beneath her skirts ruthlessly batter every spot on which Grig finds her footing.

Gravity-defying speed instantly becomes pointless against such attacks.

Thud!

Grig crashes onto the floor from the ceiling. By the time she gets up, all the Sangvis Dolls have already had her surrounded.

Commander: Where is Ange?

Grig: ...

Commander: Answer me and I will keep your alive for now.

Grig: ...

Grig grips her blade. Even though she is quite badly injured, she shows no intention of giving up.

Dandelion: Save your breath, Commander. Just tie her up and I will extract what you want to know from her.

ST AR-15: I agree.

The T-Dolls form a second ring outside the Sangvis encirclement, closing in on the injured Grig.

RO635: Be careful, she's still got some fight in her.

ST AR-15: That can easily be remedied.

ST AR-15: Hey, you from S.F.! Give her another round.

Agent: ...I find you rather lacking in manners.

Agent: But I shall grant your request.

Grig: ?!

Boom!

Boom!!

Boom!!!

The cornered Grig comes under Agent's second round of ruthless blasts.

When she tries to evade them, Hunter and Gager force her back into her original position.

Grig: (Coughs)

...By the time the barrage ceases, even standing has become impossible for Grig.

Commander: Stop struggling.

Grig: ...

Grig looks up at the Commander.

Her eyes slowly grow dull as she is plunged in despair. She starts muttering softly.

Grig: I'm sorry...Gray.

Boom!!!

Just then, a shot is fired, and a grenade lands near the group. When it blows up, it generates a thick cloud of smoke.

Dandelion: (Coughs) Crap, someone's here! Executioner, behind you!

Executioner: Huh?! Ugh!

A powerful mechanical tail suddenly pierces through the smoke and sends the already exhausted Executioner flying with a mighty swing.

Grig: Gray?!

Mrs. Gray: ... Come with me.

The gray figure reveals herself amid the smoke.

The tail that has struck Executioner suddenly stretches out and wraps around the injured Grig, then Gray takes off with no hesitation.

UMP45: Gr G11, seven o'clock! Open fire to intercept!

Gr G11: Leave it to me!

Bangbangbang!

Mrs. Gray: Tsk.

Grig: Gray, you—!

Keeping her coiled tail behind herself, Gray shields her face with her claw-blades as she is assaulted by a torrent of bullets.

Mrs. Gray: Ugh...!

Grig: This isn't part of the plan... You shouldn't have come!

Mrs. Gray: ...The plan makes no mention of your defeat either.

The hail of bullets is taking its toll on Gray. As her movements grow more sluggish, the Commander seizes the opportunity right away.

RO635: She won't be able to fight back!

Commander: Dandelion! Work together with the Dolls and prepare to surround them!

Dandelion: No problem... I've been looking forward to this bit.

Mrs. Gray: Wait!

Despite her terrible condition, Gray suddenly holds up her hands and flashes the Commander her usual, charming smile.

Mrs. Gray: ... Commander, don't you want to know what happened to Ange?

Commander: ...

ST AR-15: Oh boy... Even Paradeus isn't above such tricks either.

Commander: You have something to tell me?

Mrs. Gray: Why don't we make a deal?

Commander: Let you and Grig go, and you'll give me Ange?

Mrs. Gray: Quite a good deal, isn't it?

ST AR-15: Commander, this is definitely a trap.

Commander: ...Do you think I will fall for it again?

The Commander signals behind their back. The AR Team completes the formation with great coordination.

Commander: You want a deal? Alright, but leave that Nyto behind.

Commander: You can take her with you when you bring Ange here in one piece.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Gray takes two steps back with an odd look on her face. Her movements are putting everyone on edge again.

Behind her is the door that Grig was guarding.

Mrs. Gray: ...No problem. We can make this exchange right now.

Mrs. Gray: You want Miss Ange? Then I'll give you Miss Ange.

Gray retracts her claws and swishes her tail to one side before reaching out to pull the lever next to the door.

Commander: ...!

Mrs. Gray: Here, come say hello to Angelia.

Gray pulls the lever down and opens the door with a dazzling smile.

The heavy door grunts when the mechanism kicks into action. Thick, white smoke pours through the widening gap.

Through the smoke, the Commander can clearly make out the profile of the woman hanging mid-air.

Commander: Ange!!

RO635: Commander, watch out!

Mrs. Gray: Goodbye, Commander~!

While the Commander is distracted, Gray leaps straight into the smoke.

Bangbangbang!

Commander: Wait, don't shoot! We don't want to hit Ange by mistake!

Dandelion: The signals are gone—they have escaped.

Commander: Rescuing Ange is more important. Let them be.

Scarecrow: Wait a minute... Commander.

Scarecrow: The drone isn't reading any heat source.

Scarecrow: It's a puppet.

Commander: ...What?

???: Hahahahahaha! This is absolutely hilarious!

???: You're so easy to bamboozle! Oh my, this has put me in such a good mood!

RO635: That sounds like—!!

Bramedb: Hi, Commander. We meet again. ♪

Bramedb saunters into the warehouse with a squad of Paradeus troopers from the passage behind them.

Bramedb: The last time we met, it was under similar circumstances, wasn't it?

Bramedb: But this time, the tables have turned, Commander.

Commander: ...Bramedb.

Bramedb: It's my turn, dearie.

Bramedb: You're not leaving just like that.

Bramedb: I will not allow that to happen.

Her eyes glow red, and the Paradeus troopers behind her all raise their weapons.

Bramedb: Let's have some fun together, Commander.
Part 7: -48-6-10-point.txt

7

Dandelion: Don't forget, you'll need my power for this battle. My body is very fragile, so make sure you keep me safe.

RO635: The Commander has planned for it. We will protect you.

ST AR-15: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: 15, where are you going?

ST AR-15: You guys protect her. I'm going in the vanguard.

M4 SOPMOD II: Aw, don't be such a crybaby, 15. Just stay with us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Or RO will get distracted worrying about you.

ST AR-15: ...

416: Tsk, that's it?

UMP9: I was hoping for some bitch slaps...

UMP45: Alright, put away your popcorn. Let's get to work!
Part 8: -48-6-11.txt

8

...

Bramedb: I concede defeat this time. Let's share a dance again next time, Commander.

Bramedb: Just you and me.

When the EW battle is over, Bramedb has already disappeared from the warehouse.

Only her voice echoes on in the enclosed space.

Dandelion: Is that it...?

Dandelion: Commander, I've broken the electronic seal here.

Dandelion: From now on, this underground warehouse won't keep any secrets from you.

Commander: ...Good.

The Commander is unhappy to let Bramedb get away just like that, but at least they aren't coming away completely empty-handed.

Click.

Call connected.

J: Commander, is everything alright on your end? What's the holdup?

Commander: We had a minor situation. We're coming right— No, you guys come over.

Commander: We've removed the electronic seal down here. Get your people over here too and we'll search the place again.

Commander: We'll discuss the rest back at HQ.

J: "We'll discuss the rest back at HQ." God, you sound like a proper Stasi.

Still oblivious to what happened on the Commander's end, J makes a gibe and terminates the transmission.

...

Stasi HQ.

K: ...In other words, we still haven't found Ange?

J, K, and the Commander gather again at the Stasi office.

In response to K's question, the Commander shakes their head and sighs.

Commander: Ange was there, that much we know.

Commander: Gray must've picked up on the message that Ange tried to send me.

Commander: They used it to manipulate us.

J: ...But it's not all bad news. We confiscated all the goods in the warehouse.

J: We've gained a lot—we took quite a significant chunk out of them.

Commander: Indeed. The base also holds a vast amount of clues.

Commander: Not only that, they are incredibly detailed... So detailed it's almost suspicious.

Commander: Does anyone actually keep such meticulous records?

K: Perhaps it's their way of keeping a firm hold on their operations.

The Commander snorts at K's remark.

Commander: Still, we have indeed found a very important lead. We'd like to share it with you.

K: ...What is it?

Commander: I told you, didn't I? We fought that Nyto named Bramedb.

Commander: Dandelion dug out a lot of stuff while engaging her in an EW battle.

Commander: With all the data decrypted, we have learned some useful information.

Commander: Dandelion.

Dandelion: We've found an audio recording.

J: An audio recording?

Dandelion nods and places a tablet in the center of the desk.

???: ...

???: ...The technology supplied by Galatea is essential to Germany and to the Ministry of Defense.

???: I hope you'll agree, General Schweinsteiger.

J: !

J's eyes widen while the other three stare at each other in grim silence.

Schweinsteiger: Yes, yes, I understand... I do agree.

Schweinsteiger: Thank you very much for being our intermediary. I'm sure our cooperation will be a fruitful one.

???: Oh yes, I'm certain of that.

J: That voice...

K: Hush!

K's breathing quickens.

???: ...I believe...

???: ...That today is a great and important day for Germany.

...

Oberstein: Today is a great and important day for Germany!

On television, Oberstein illustrates his ideals through his impassioned and rousing speech.

A teacup is placed on its saucer, producing a delicate clink.

A man turns off the television. He gets up and turns to face the window.

A steady downpour against the murky sky obscures the man's view.

Griffin: ...Yes, I have it.

Griffin: Yes, that's very important. You did well.

Griffin: I believe this will be the ace up our sleeve.

The transmission is disconnected.

He gazes ponderously into the distance from behind his spectacles.

The Reichstag stands proud even in the heavy rain, its radiance from Unity Day still lingers.

Taking in the sight, he can't help but add another sugar cube into his tea. He stirs it with a spoon, which tinkles merrily in the teacup.

In a nondescript apartment block, a ravishing woman gently knocks on an equally nondescript door.

???: Come in.

Bramedb seems extremely nervous. Even when given permission to enter, she has to take a deep breath first before opening the door reverently.

After entering the room, she gazes ardently at the dark figure standing at the other end of the room and bows deeply.

Bramedb: Father.

Bramedb: I am here to report the success of the mission.

???: ...

The figure gives no acknowledgement to what Bramedb just said, but she knows.

Since they are at a critical stage where things are about to progress to the next phase, a single small victory means nothing to him.

Bramedb: Please rest assured... I will keep sharing your burden.

Bramedb: I will complete every mission you give me until you achieve you goal, this I swear to you.

...Yes, that's right.

...She, not anyone else, is Father's favorite daughter.
Part 9: -48-6-12.txt

    9chevron_right

Amidst the wreckage, the Dolls who can still fight escort Helian and Kryuger to the gates of the base.

Kryuger: (Coughs heavily)

Helian: Mr. Kryuger?!

Kryuger: No...I'm fine.

Kryuger watches as the reinforcements slowly enter the ruins and begin to work with the survivors to rescue the Dolls, and a stone lifts from his heart at last.

As Helian watches the Dolls wander through the rubble and take stock of what can be salvaged, even she feels a pang of sadness in her heart.

Helian: ...It's all gone.

Kryuger: There's enough left over...

Supported by the Dolls, Kryuger silently takes in the scene of devastation before him.

Kryuger: ...The people here will remember it.

Kryuger: We will all remember.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger...

With mixed feelings, Kryuger slowly sinks to his knees and scoops up a handful of dirt.

Helian watches Kryuger and walks silently to his side. Then she tears off her armband and lays it down before the gate.

Kryuger pauses for a moment, then tears off his armband as well.

Kryuger: Griffin may not exist anymore.

Kryuger: But we have protected the most important thing.

Helian: Yes.

Helian nods, and then she helps Kryuger stand up again.

She takes in the scene before her and silently close her eyes.

Helian: It's been 10 years, and I'm going to leave.

Helian: But I will always be with you.

Helian: Even if my physical body should crumble away, my soul will always walk toward you.

As the two of them execute a reverent salute, the Dolls that slowly gather behind all straighten up as well, raising their hands to the setting sun and saying their final farewells to their former home.

From the distant horizon, an MCV slowly drives toward this curious scene.

...

The familiar corridor is cordoned off with police tape. Nele waits outside in silence.

After multiple searches, break-ins, and evidence collections... What had once been a tidy lab is now totally alien to her.

Unable to bear the look on her face, Mia steps forward and rips off the frontmost tape.

Mia: Nele...

Nele: ...I'm fine, Mia.

Nele sniffles and crosses the no entry line.

Upon entering the familiar lab, she slowly walks into the middle of the room.

This was once a place she admired, where she had pinned all her hopes and dreams.

Nele: Mrs. Gray...

Mia waits outside quietly. She knows very well that right now, what Nele needs is to be alone for a while.

Nele: I'm sure Mrs. Gray would be really mad to see her lab like this...

Research reports, monographs, data files... All these things which Gray had once treasured more than anything in the world are now piled up on the ground like rubbish.

Nele: These people... They're really hard on documents...

Crouching down, Nele dusts off the covers of those documents before loading them into a cardboard box.

At this point, nobody will say anything if she takes them away.

...Just then, a picture frame appears under a thick report.

Nele picks it up.

Nele: It's Mrs. Gray when she was young...

On the back of the photo is a motto—

"Only death cannot be avoided, and only life cannot be let down."

A teardrop lands on the frame.

Nele wipes her eyes, then puts the picture frame in her cardboard box as well.

Mia: ...

As she hears the sobbing from inside the lab, Mia silently closes her eyes.

J runs through the heavy rain toward the main gate.

J: What rotten luck.

J: The weather was fine when we left.

K: We're not that soaked, just make do.

J: ...Is everyone here?

K: Yeah.

J looks up and meets K's gaze solemnly.

After climbing the stairs, the two of them head deeper into the church.

J: What did they put in the coffins...?

K: Personal belongings donated by family members... You know the rules.

K: They can't have names on their tombstones.

J: ...Of course I know that.

As they talk, they arrive at the chapel.

Under the dignified statue of Christ, a kind-eyed pastor is reading out verses from a Bible.

As special guests, J and K find their places in the first row.

J: ...

J looks at the grand coffin that is filled with all kinds of items, and he falls silent.

A storybook called "Rainbow-Flower", a rusty motorcycle wrench, a cool set of sunglasses...

J: (Shadow still hasn't got here...?)

He looks around several times, but he doesn't see the personal item belonging to his junior.

J: ...Ah, excuse me.

He raises his hand to interrupt the pastor just before he begins the prayer, then rises and walks up to the coffin.

J: ...

He undoes his sleeve and removes the cufflink inscribed with the letter "U", then gently places it on the clean white cloth.

The pastor watches his gesture with a compassionate gaze and nods to him.

With a sigh, J returns to his seat and takes another deep breath.

After that, the pastor's low yet mesmerizing voice becomes the only sound in the hall.

Pastor: Because God, in His infinite wisdom, puts the solution in our hands; and because it is only in His physical absence that the place He occupies in our souls is reaffirmed.

Pastor: The paths to the Lord are inscrutable...

Planting his closed umbrella on the ground, J silently watches as the coffin is buried.

J: ...

He feels something strange on his head. Reaching up, he finds himself clutching white rose petals which have fallen from above.

The petals are soft yet fragile in J's palm, gently curling back up on themselves.

J: Schwaben... What will happen to their bodies in the end?

K: Either returned to their families, or donated.

K can hear quiet sobbing from the crowd.

Pastor: O merciful Lord!

Pastor: Grant to the souls of all our faithful departed your mercy, light and peace. Lord, we pray that those we love who have gone before us in faith may know Your forgiveness for their sins and the blessings of everlasting life.

Pastor: Amen.

Funeral Attendees: Amen.

As the pastor's prayer comes to an end, the first load of earth is cast onto the coffin by the shovels.

Rustle, rustle.

Stroke by stroke, the souls of the heroic dead return to the earth in the company of the attendees.

J: ...

Still clutching the rose in his hands, J cranes his neck to scan the crowd.

...She still hasn't come.

K: Let's go back.

J: ...Yeah.

J crouches down, picks up a handful of dirt, and scatters it lightly on the coffin as it is buried.

J: ...It's not going to end like this.

The Commander slowly approaches the woman standing in the shade of the tree. Once at her side, they remark to nobody in particular.

Commander: I think they would be very happy if you went over.

Romy: I'm just a chief who was airdropped into her position. I don't know them personally.

Romy: Also, I know I'm not a likeable person.

Romy produces a box of cigarettes from inside her coat. She sinks her teeth into a black filter tip and pulls out a long, slim cigarette.

Romy: Besides, I've seen enough people die.

Commander: It's not a question of how many.

Romy: (Exhales)

Romy takes out her lighter and lights up the cigarette. She takes a deep drag on it, then slowly puffs a cloud of smoke off to the side.

Romy: I didn't ask you to come here to talk about this.

Commander: ...Still, I'm very grateful that you brought me here.

Commander: I wanted to see how these heroes are buried with my own eyes.

Romy: I have to admit, my opinion of you has changed dramatically.

Romy: A lot of people only excel on paper, but you're not the same.

Romy: When I look at you, I'm convinced of the possibility that idealists might actually change the world.

Commander: ...Surely you exaggerate.

Romy: You can take it that way if you want.

Commander: ...

Romy watches in silence as the coffin is lowered into the earth, and the cigarette between her fingertips burns away without a sound.

Romy: I have something for you.

Commander: What is it?

Romy picks up the carrying case on the ground and shoves it into the Commander's hands.

Romy: Well, see you then.

After the burial is over, Romy puts out the cigarette in her pocket ashtray, then turns to wave before leaving.

Commander: ...

The Commander watches her striking figure receding into the distance with mixed feelings.

Then, they undo the latches on the case and open the lid. Two neural cloud cores are placed snugly inside.

Below them are labels indicating their designations.

—AN-94 and AK-15.

Commander: ...Ange.

...

...

As the lingering light from the setting sun starts to fade, after the scattered attendees have all left, a woman holding a bouquet of fresh flowers slowly approaches the tombstone that lies above the finished grave.

Shadowless: ...Big Sis is here to see you, Light.

Shadowless kneels down next to the tombstone and lays the flowers beside the other offerings.

Shadowless: ...You left a meal for me in the fridge that day, but I kept forgetting to eat it. I only remembered it this morning, but it had already spoiled...

Shadowless: When I went out, I saw the two pots of flowers you were raising. The soil was so dry that it cracked, so I helped you water them.

Shadowless: ...You never got mad at me unless I bought too much beer.

Shadowless: Now that I've found a beer company that does deliveries, I don't need you to buy it for me anymore. They'll send it right to my doorstep. Convenient, huh?

Shadow tugs on the petals of the flowers as she slowly gets those words out. Her voice grows softer and softer, until she falls silent.

She quietly gazes at the tombstone, which is bereft of even a name.

Shadowless: If only I had been firmer on you... If only I had insisted that you not follow Mom and Dad's path...

Drip.

Drip, drip.

Her tears roll down her face and fall on the grave.

Shadowless: Light... Light... Why... Light...

Her mask of calm control finally crumbles at this moment.

As she hugs her knees, Shadowless bursts into tears in front of the grave.

【POINCARÉ RECURRENCE - END】
Credits2 command not implemented yet...

Roar—

In the dead of night, the massive transport plane makes an even landing on the runway with the help of the control tower.

The air traffic controllers on the ground guide it slowly into the hangar.

Inside the warehouse, the people who have been waiting for a long time can feel their breathing grow more ragged as they see the plane.

Soldier: ...General.

Carter: ...Go check our cargo.

The soldier nods excitedly and salutes Carter. Then, he calls his comrades over and they pour into the cabin of the plane.

Carter slowly follows behind them, watching as the soldiers unload the cargo containers in an orderly fashion.

Soldier: General, we have received and verified all the cargo.

Soldier: There is no damage and it can be used at any time.

Carter: Good.

Carter stops in front of one of the containers and reaches out to caress its cool surface.

The logo of Paradeus is distinct and eye-catching on the alabaster cases.

Carter: Gentlemen, let us celebrate the dawn of the Neo-Soviet Union.

Carter: ...From this night onward.

M4 SOPMOD II: This is so boring... Why isn't there anything in such a huge plant?!

RO635: We've barely begun the search. Be patient.

ST AR-15: Don't let down your guard. These cunning Paradeus could be waiting to ambush us...

Walking through the spacious and quiet plant, the AR Team find themselves starting at every sound and being spooked by every shadow.
Part 2: -48-D1-3-1-GD-2.txt

    2chevron_right

416: Gr G11, why are you shaking all over? Have you been listening to zombie horror stories behind my back again?!

Gr G11: I-I haven't!

Gr G11: I'm just a bit scared...

UMP9: Huh? But there isn't a single enemy around.

UMP45: I totally get you, Gr G11. There's no telling what is hiding in this spacious plant.

UMP45: Who knows if a vengeful ghost would come rushing in through that black door over there...

Gr G11: S-stop it!

UMP45: Oh right, have you heard of the legend about that factory?

UMP45: Apparently, in an abandoned factory, if you step on a black tile 13 times in a row, a ghost will take your life...

UMP45: Oh dear, you're stepping on a black tile right now.

Gr G11: (Sobs) Carry me, 416...

416: Walk on your own. We haven't even gone that far yet!

Gr G11: No... I've already stepped on a black tile 12 times in a row...

Gr G11: W-why are you all just leaving me here?! Don't leave me behind!

As Gr G11 howls in fright, the other members of Squad 404 move ahead at a brisk and cheery pace.

Khaybar: Bailey, got a whiff of anything that could be a clue?

Bailey: Woof!

Khaybar: Nothing, huh... Is this the right place, Commander?

Commander: Let's have a look around.

They have already entered the plant for some time, but they have yet to find anything. The Commander is understandably rather anxious.

Bailey: Woof woof! Ar-ruff!

Khaybar: What have you found, Bailey?

Bailey's sudden frenzied barks attract everyone's attention.

He is sniffing intently at some tracks on the floor. It looks like something was once placed there.

Judging by the high decibel of Bailey's barks, it must have been highly hazardous substances.

Commander: We're just a bit too late...
Part 2: -48-D2-3-1-GD-2.txt

2

Commander: ...How many of these hard drives are still usable?

RO635: Considering the physical damage...Barely any.

RO635: Even if they hadn't wiped them, it would be impossible to access the data stored in them.

M4 SOPMOD II: You know, why do humans waste so much time and effort deleting files on their computers?

M4 SOPMOD II: They can just smash their hard drives!

ST AR-15: Have you considered the fact that hard drives aren't usually meant to be single-use consumables?

Commander: Oh, you have a point.

After a brief discussion, the Dolls go back to searching for clues amid the damaged equipment.
Part 3: -48-D2-3-1-GD-3.txt

3

UMP45: I've been wondering.

416: About what?

UMP45: Just how influential are these people in Germany?

UMP45: They have factories and plants all over the country.

UMP45: They have people everywhere, and if something happens, they just abandon ship.

UMP45: The phrase "The monk can run but the temple remains" doesn't apply to them at all...

UMP45: If only I also had that kind of money...

UMP9: Stop dreaming and help me move these tiles, 45.

UMP9: I think I see something underneath.

UMP45: Coming...
Part 4: -48-D2-3-1-GD-4.txt

    4chevron_right

ST AR-15: Commander, we have swept the entire plant, but other than some Paradeus stragglers, we haven't found anything.

Commander: ...

Commander: Withdraw.

RO635: At least we didn't encounter any tough battles. Let's go, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm tired! I just wanna sit in this crate and get Bailey and Banana to drag me back...

ST AR-15: Are you trying to bleed Bailey's and Banana's batteries dry? Get up.

M4 SOPMOD II: No.

SOP-II stubbornly sits in a crate. When it rolls onto its side, the bottom is revealed.

Along with an order manifest with slightly blurred handwriting.

Commander: ...

Commander: SOP-II, you're a genius.

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, I know I'm one.

...In the train's command room.

Kalina: We've finished decelerating and our scans in each direction are complete. No enemy signals detected.

Kalina: Commander, per your request we've stopped 5 km from the quarantine wall.

Kalina: Are you sure you want to stop here?

Commander: Yes...because this is a choke point. To the north is Lahepere Bay and Lake Klooga is due south.

Commander: We'll only need to defend a 2.5km front.

Kalina: Perhaps...we could move a little closer to the quarantine wall?

Commander: No.

Commander: If we get any closer to the base, the defense systems might open fire on us.

Kalina: Urgh... But didn't Task Force DEFY just send us a message saying they had the passage under control?

Commander: What if it's an enemy trap?

Commander: Can we really trust strangers who claim to be from DEFY?

Kalina: Ugh... You're right.

Commander: Treat everyone and everything as potentially hostile until we've verified the situation.

Commander: Calibrate the train's cannons as planned, keep them charged and loaded.

Commander: After that, disperse the echelons to the front, left and right of the train and begin erecting cover where the terrain is favorable. Place the HOCs in the middle of the formation to ensure they can cover the whole of the defense line.

Commander: Finally, give all echelons full supplies of ammunition.

Kalina: Understood.

Kalina: Are we preparing to intercept the Military here?

Commander: I'm simply waiting for orders. Surely you don't think that those old folks are planning to have us take a strategic naval base by ourselves, Kalin?

Kalina: What do you mean?

An urgent message comes over the communicator.

Commander: I'm talking about this.

Havier: Commander, it seems you've arrived at Paldiski.

Commander: Yes, having paid a very high price.

Havier: So, are you ready to begin the operation?

Commander: Before we start, can you tell me the truth?

Havier: Oh? I seem to recall clearly outlining your goals to you before.

Commander: The events in Tallinn, the strange allocation of the Military's forces, and the signs of abnormal movements from S.F., none of them sound like the sort of thing a PMC should be handling.

Havier: Indeed. Still, Griffin should have become used to handling such things long ago, am I right?

Commander: If you only need us to serve as cannon fodder, then why don't we stop here and block the Military while Statesec's forces handle things in the base?

Havier: You mean those "Vympel" troops that only know how to look at the scenery?

Havier: Hahaha, that old rogue told you too much. Sometimes, knowing too much isn't a good thing.

Havier: However, I like the way you ponder everything deeply.

Commander: My Dolls have been unable to perform real-time backups ever since we left Griffin-controlled territory.

Commander: And unlike T-dolls, the human employees of Griffin and my logistics officer don't even have the chance to back up at all.

Commander: Even if Griffin is moved around on the board like a chess piece, I can't let them go to their deaths without knowing the reason for it.

Havier: Of course, of course. I wouldn't need you if it was just a matter of collecting some abandoned inventory from an abandoned base, Commander.

Havier: As a reward, I'll tell you something else.

Havier: Strategic bombers from the 22nd Guards Heavy Bomber Aviation Division have taken off from Engels Air Force Base. If anything happens, they'll bomb the base flat.

Commander: What?

Havier: It's time to close the net, and the moment when we lay all our cards on the table is at hand.

Commander: So we're the bait that's going to lure the Military units into the kill zone?

Havier: No no no, I'm guessing the bigwigs in Moscow don't really want to drop the bombs. After all, that base has something in it that's far more valuable than a few rogue battalions.

Commander: The Pike Node?

Commander: ...Is this related to the Butterfly Incident?

Havier: Very smart. I'm pretty sure Ange's told you a lot too.

Havier: This operation is the denouement to the Butterfly Incident, for Statesec, for the Military, and of course, for "William."

Commander: William...

Havier: However, it isn't just the Pike Node.

Havier: I've been doing some thinking myself, about the objective of Operation Butterfly, and now I'm beginning to connect the dots.

Havier: I've also managed to collect the missing pieces from you and Persica.

Havier: Don't worry, Persica's in a safe place now. She'll tell you the truth that she knows from over there.

Havier: On your end, you have M4A1, who can resonate with the OGAS system, the Isomer that she brought over to her side, and Lyco's most perfect and most lethal creation, Elisa.

Havier: It seems all the actors are gathered. I do wonder - is everything playing out according to William's plan?

Commander: If you've already guessed that this was William's plan, then why did you send us here?

Havier: Because this is our only chance to attain victory.

Commander: Our only chance?

Havier: I once told you that there used to be a Pike Node here, and that node was the one that was sent to the Sangvis plant where Lyco was, where it triggered the Butterfly Incident, before you finally recovered it in Belgrade.

Havier: This base was originally one of the strategic ports for the Baltic Fleet's submarine forces, and it once stored all the Pike units prepared for the Baltic Fleet in the event of World War III.

Havier: However, the true danger of this base is not the Pikes, but a certain facility in the bottom of the base — we know it as the "Starfish".

Havier: The Pikes have to be activated by a signal from the Relics themselves. Thus in order to remotely activate these weapons, the Old Soviet Union set up an OGAS network to transmit a ternary signal from the "Tabasar-B" Relic.

Havier: The "Starfish" system relays the Relic signal, activates and controls the Pikes, and gives them operational orders.

Havier: We have reason to believe that the Old Soviet-era Starfish system within the depths of the base contains several servers which are still functional.

Havier: This is why the Military is so desperate to get into this base, and the reason why William placed his research lab here.

Havier: Originally, the three gates sealing off the Starfish installation should have been unopenable. Everyone had a tacit understanding that we would no longer come into contact with anything that had to do with the Relics.

Havier: However, it's obvious that the situation has changed.

Commander: So you mean... they want to activate the "Starfish" system?

Commander: But the Pike Nodes were all shipped out from there - why didn't the Military just activate them directly?

Havier: Because the entire "Starfish" system was sealed away indefinitely in compliance to the Relic Arms Reduction Treaty in 1981.

Havier: If it wasn't for Operation Sparkplug back in the day, Carter wouldn't even have known that the Starfish could be activated in the first place, let alone that Moscow would have to authorize it.

Havier: If Carter gains activation access, the Starfish servers will be enough to activate the entire OGAS network, and the network connects to the largest Relic facility within the Soviet Union — the Tabasar-B support system.

Commander: So their ultimate objective is activating the Relics, huh...

Havier: No. From what I know, that's impossible.

Havier: The recovery of the Pike Node by Statesec means they didn't obtain the codes from it which would allow them to directly control Relic-related systems.

Havier: What they're doing is more of a form of protest, to ruin our government's diplomatic relationship with Western Europe... as well as wrecking that international union plan that's being put forward.

Havier: Thanks to your repeated efforts, those bastards' plans have failed again and again, which is why they've been forced to take such desperate measures to achieve their unspeakable aims.

Commander: Are you SURE it can't be activated?

Havier: I just told you, the "Starfish" only connects to the part of the OGAS network that handled Pike weapons control. The only link to the Relics is the fact that they're all on the same OGAS network.

Havier: Still, no matter what, their haste to get into Paldiski indicates that they've obtained authorization to activate the Starfish, which also indicates that someone has activated the Starfish mainframe in Moscow.

Havier: This isn't something a few generals can do. Someone high up in the People's Committee is willing to take the risk to do something like this. It's clear that the political situation in the Kremlin has deteriorated into a powder keg.

Havier: While tensions were already running high in the air back there, the series of events in Belgrade were the last straw that broke the camel's back. I'm guessing it'll only be a matter of time before the situation completely breaks down.

Commander: Why are there always people who hate peace so much...

Havier: Peace is a relative concept.

Havier: Thus, we are going to prove that they plan to activate the "Starfish", and stop them at the same time.

Havier: If Statesec isn't at Paldiski, the members of the opposition won't have an excuse to hide behind, and maybe our bigshots can take them down bloodlessly.

Havier: Of course, Zelinsky has also considered the eventuality of your failure, and so Statesec's Vympel forces and the Air Force's strategic bombers are all standing by.

Havier: Under no circumstances is the Starfish to be activated. If anything goes wrong, this base will be reduced to dust.

Commander: ...

Havier: Naturally, I don't wish for that to happen, because it means both sides will have played their hole cards by doing so.

Havier: The use of force breeds hatred, which will lead to an intense clash between both sides, and civil war will be unavoidable.

Commander: Civil war... Will those people from the Military give up even if Statesec doesn't show up?

Havier: We intend to play the role of a neutral party, so our stance will be very important.

Havier: Of course, Zelinsky is not going to go easy on any enemies who remain obstinate. The moment the Military enters the base, we'll begin seizing the traitors.

Havier: Of course, they're not just going to wait for us to get them. They will resist with all their might, and so we need time to do our job.

Havier: Therefore, please remember, Commander. You and your Doll forces' mission is to cut the fuse. Victory in this operation will be our only chance to keep the peace.

Commander: ...

Havier: Are you happy with that answer, my dear Commander?

Commander: You seem to have given us a lovely cover for this operation.

Havier: Indeed. You have a bright, shiny reason to do it, but whether or not you believe me is up to you.

Havier: As for Operation Butterfly... Well, they were right; I can't believe the flapping of a butterfly by the Black Sea led to such a huge storm.

Havier: But everything must eventually come to an end, and it is time to wake from that nightmare.

Havier: Take control of Paldiski Submarine Base, draw the Military in there and seize them, until their higher-ups are all captured.

Havier: Remember, you must not allow them to activate the Starfish. That is your real mission.

Commander: I won't let them have their way.

Havier: I'm counting on you, Commander. I look forward to meeting you again after you return.

Havier ends the call.

Commander: Havier might have said as much, but is there really no way to activate the Relic?

Commander: I'm sure William must know of M4 and Dandelion, so is there really no other objective behind luring Griffin over?
Part 2: Propigation

2

...After the conversation with Havier is over, the Commander returns to the train's command room.

Kalina: What did Mr. Havier say?

Commander: You won't want to know, but he managed to convince me. 

Commander: Let's begin the operation.

Kalina: Will we be heading into the base now?

Commander: No... we don't know what's going on inside the base, and we'll be finished if we barge in thoughtlessly and end up caught in a pincer attack. We'll verify our next destination before moving on.

Commander: Are 404 and the AR Team ready to move out?

Kalina: They've finished resupplying.

Commander: Good. Put me through to them.

Kalina establishes the connection and gives the Commander a thumbs up.

Commander: AR Team, Squad 404, can you hear me?

M4A1: Loud and clear, Commander.

UMP45: I read you.

Commander: Our train has arrived. I've already sent you the battle plan, three different backup plans, and the holographic map which Dandelion provided. 

Commander: Our ultimate objective is to seize the base, and in order to take control of the base, we will need to enter from the outskirts. Right now, I'm not sure what the situation is inside the base, and we can't let our main force enter the range of its defense systems. 

Commander: First, we need to link up with the members of DEFY and find a way to open the barrier gate. Then we'll need to ensure we have control over the gate and that it is safe.

Commander: At the same time, we will be scouting out the current status of the coastal defense artillery.

Commander: Our main goal there is to take control of the shore guns so they can provide fire support for our forces. 

Commander: If we cannot take them, then the backup plan is to destroy them and ensure the coastal artillery cannot fire on our forces.

M4A1: How will we deal with the pursuing Military?

Commander: All of Griffin's forces except you will be forming a defense line here. According to our previous simulation, we should be able to hold out for half an hour if the Military launches an all-out attack.

Commander: In other words, that's your operational time limit.

UMP45: Half an hour... That's really cutting it close.

Commander: The barrier gate leading to the sub base is behind us. Since we can't conduct mobile warfare, all we can do now is hold the line. And believe me, half an hour is a pretty optimistic estimate.

UMP45: Then how will you divide our forces?

RO635: I recommend that the AR Team take the coastal artillery.

RO635: If there are enemy forces in the base, then the guns will be defended.

RO635: Even if nobody is manning them, the Military will surely have the same idea as us and will be seeking to secure their heavy firepower.

RO635: With that in mind, the AR Team's superior ability in cracking strongpoints will be more useful there.

M4A1: I think so too. The members of Squad 404 are all skilled in infiltration and electronic warfare. If there are any enemies at the quarantine wall, I think we won't want to raise the alarm too soon.

Commander: What do you think, UMP45?

UMP45: I'm more than happy to take on the easier mission, but I hope the members of the AR Team don't mess up on their end, in particular "Miss Dandelion" over there.

Dandelion: Thank you for the reminder, Miss UMP45.

Dandelion: Also, you listened to M4's story with such obvious relish, but might I remind you that the story isn't exactly irrelevant to you.

UMP45: What are you getting at?

Dandelion: What once happened to Lunasia might happen to you at the origin of the Pike core.

Dandelion: Take care that you don't drown in the memories of your base layer. You don't have someone in your neural cloud who can save you the way I saved Lunasia.

Dandelion: After all, your little friend is just too weak, unlike myself.

UMP45: ...!

Dandelion: The networked consciousness in that base is much stronger than the one in Tallinn. I hope you're prepared to leave the labyrinth by yourself.

M4A1: That's enough, Dandelion.

M4A1: I'm sorry, 45. I'll keep her on a tight leash.

M4A1: Please don't take it to heart.

UMP45: ...

Dandelion: Also, I recommend that you disallow me from taking part in the coastal defense artillery capture operation.

M4A1: Why?

Commander: I thought you wanted to plaster yourself to M4.

Dandelion: Please do not phrase it in such...undignified terms.

Dandelion: If your train is taken by the Military, there will be no way to continue this operation.

Dandelion: In addition, the Military will surely assault our defense line with ferocious firepower and mechanized units.

Dandelion: Even if we only have to defend a front that is 2.5 km long, it will still be a tremendously difficult task, given Griffin's present strength.

Commander: What do you suggest?

Dandelion: I will stay here to provide support for the Zener Network and strengthen the Dolls' combat processing abilities, as well as accepting the neural clouds of the fallen Dolls.

Dandelion: I can also attempt to hack any Military autonomous units that come our way. If we can turn them to our side, it will greatly reduce the pressure on the frontlines.

Commander: M4, what do you think?

M4A1: I believe I have no reason to refuse.

Dandelion: While you are carrying out the operation, I will still be linked to your neural cloud, and I will share all my thoughts with you, M4. 

Dandelion: As for you, Miss 45, I can provide support to your neural cloud's base layer as well, if you are willing to grant me access to it.

UMP45: Thanks for your concern, but it won't be necessary.

Commander: It's decided, then. Dandelion will stay on the armored train to support the defense line against the Military, while the other teams carry out their respective missions.

Commander: One thing I should add; after you complete your missions, the rest of the Dolls and this train will pass through the quarantine wall and enter the base.

Commander: On the one hand, it will allow us to occupy a better defensive position. On the other hand, we need to lure the Military into the base.

Commander: The sooner you finish your mission, the sooner we can get out of this kill zone.

M4A1: Received.

UMP45: Roger.

M4A1: Without further ado, the AR Team will be heading out. End transmission.

UMP45: Humph. Squad 404 is moving off too. UMP45 out.

Kalina: Commander, both teams are getting ready to move out.

Kalina: Since both objectives are quite a distance away from us, I've assigned them the still-functional vehicles aboard the armored train. 

Kalina: If they don't run into any resistance, they should reach their destinations in about 10 minutes' time.

Commander: IF they don't meet resistance... We've got better odds of winning the grand prize in the state lottery. How's our force disposition?

Kalina: All echelons are in position. They're building fortifications and distributing ammunition. That ought to take another five minutes or so.

Kalina: However, the enemy armored trains have pulled out of Tallinn during our journey here.

Commander: Which means...a time difference of exactly five minutes. 

Kalina: Yes... Our forces can only build simple defenses, and we can take cover behind some hillocks near the bay, but all we have by the lake are a bunch of old houses. One round of bombardment and they'll be useless as cover.

Commander: I understand. Have our Dolls dig in as deeply as possible... The Military's going to take advantage of their superior firepower, but we need to buy as much time for those two teams as possible.

Commander: Have our minelayer drones carpet the main approach to our defensive line, so we can station fewer echelons there. After that, rig the railway line with explosives. That ought to keep their trains stopped outside for a little longer. 

Commander: The enemy is going to try to break through our flanks, and we don't have enough Dolls to mount a defense in depth. If they can hit the train from behind, it's check and mate for us.

Commander: Keep our most potent echelons on the flanks, and make sure they have fall-back points and decoy positions.

Commander: How many backup echelons do we have?

Kalina: We have five more, but they don't have their full complement of Dummies... Our repair bays can't fix that many damaged Dolls so soon.

Commander: About 100 Dolls or so... Have them prepare to plug any breaches.

Commander: Issue a top priority order to each echelon - they are NOT to let the Military through until the other two teams complete their mission.

Commander: However...make sure they're ready to retreat at any time. They are to withdraw to the train the moment when we give the word.

Kalina: Commander... I still think we should withdraw to the quarantine walls to mount our defense. We'll take heavy losses if we set up in open terrain.

Commander: What if there's an ambush at the walls? We have five minutes of reaction time; if there are enemies at the walls, are you confident that we can take control of the walls in that time?

Commander: K and Ange haven't replied ever since they snuck into the base, and I'm very worried about their situation.

Kalina: ...

Commander: It's not my intent to have us set up in the open to get beaten up for nothing. Right now, we need to wait and endure. 

Commander: I know this is a gamble, but it's the only option we have.

Commander: After that, we pray those two teams will give us good news.

Kalina: I understand, Commander... I'm issuing each echelon their respective tasks now.

Commander: Yeah...

Commander: I'm sorry, everyone. I hope you can forgive me...

Commander: Right now, we've got no way out. We need to win, no matter how great the cost.
Part 3: Refraction Point

3

...In the AR Team's prep room.

M4A1: The Commander's handed down our orders. Our mission is to seize the coastal defense artillery and provide fire support for the defending Griffin forces.

M4A1: Are you ready to move out?

RO635: Of course.

RO635: Time to let those green bastards have a taste of fear.

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's blow them all to kingdom come!

ST AR-15: Don't be too optimistic. We're probably going to run into massive resistance en route to our objective. Also, the Military might send out fast-moving units to waylay us, and in the worst-case scenario, the defenders manning the guns and the pursuit forces will be attacking us at the same time.

RO635: No matter how many simulations I run, the worst-case scenario is still the most likely scenario...

M4A1: That's why speed is paramount. We'll enter the base through a breach in the northwest section of the quarantine wall, pass through the wind power generation district and enter the bunker complex there. 

M4A1: The server hub for the shore guns' automated systems is probably among those bunkers. Dandelion will use her superior hacking abilities to find the hub and subvert it.

ST AR-15: Dandelion?

ST AR-15: Isn't she staying on the train?

Dandelion: I will provide electronic support through my connection with Lunasia. I can do something as simple as that even if I'm not beside her.

ST AR-15: Can we really rely on her...

Dandelion: I've shown my abilities in Tallinn. If any of you think you are better suited for hacking than I am, you are more than welcome to take my place.

RO635: Ahem... I've synced the routes to everyone. Hopefully our way there will be smooth sailing. Before that, do you best to cut down on travel time while driving.

RO635: SOP-II, you'll be the roof gunner. Don't scrimp on the ammo; if you see any enemies, don't hesitate and hit them with as much firepower as you need to stop them from nearing our vehicle. We don't have time to waste on trash.

M4 SOPMOD II: No problem! I'll blow all the enemies in our way to itty bitty little pieces!

ST AR-15: Will that really be alright? We'll be fighting alone after this.

RO635: Kalina's already loaded the vehicle with all the ammo compatible with SOP-II. We won't be able to take it with us if we don't use it up.

ST AR-15: Looks like the Commander's betting heavily on us. 

M4 SOPMOD II: Yup, which is why we can't let the Commander down. If there's nothing else, let's head out.

AR Team: Roger!
Part 4: Critical Angle

4

...In Squad 404's prep room.

UMP45: Gear check, ladies. Load up on ammo and prepare to move out.

416: What's wrong? Something seems to be eating at you; you're not your usual confident self.

UMP9: I'm sure even 45 would get nervous knowing that the fate of so many Dolls rests in our hands...

416: Do Dolls get nervous?

UMP9: Look at Gr G11, she's so nervous she can barely stand, right?

Gr G11: Can-can-can I not go...?

Gr G11: It totally sounds like...a suicide mission.

416: You're going even if it's suicide. Besides, it's not like you can live by yourself without me.

Gr G11: Well, if I can't live by myself, I'll just join Griffin. All I need is a corner for me to sleep in...

416: Oh, you wish! Now get up!

UMP9: Still, are you really okay, 45? Something does feel different about you.

416: She must have seen something she shouldn't have seen in M4 or Dandelion's neural cloud.

416: Hey, 45, I just told you.

416: It doesn't matter what your goal is, look around at your friends first before doing it. Surely your neural cloud isn't as low on memory as Gr G11's.

UMP45: Humph, I don't need you to lecture me.

UMP45: Before spouting all that nonsense, have you finished syncing the operational route and the map?

UMP9: All OK, 45! 

UMP9: We'll drive straight to an air vent under the quarantine wall, then enter the air ducts and follow it along the inside of the wall to the DEFY members' last known position.

UMP9: If there really are friendlies there, we'll enter the control room of the barrier gate after contacting them, then use the activation access they were talking about to open the gate and let the Commander in.

416: You make it sound so easy.

UMP45: That's assuming we don't run into any enemies.

UMP45: If the signal is a trap, there's a very high chance we'll get shot full of holes.

UMP45: It's not so bad if it's our old friends from S.F., but if we end up getting jumped by Paradeus, you can just start working on your last words at that point.

Gr G11: (Groans) Can't we discuss this? Could I just wait on the train and go over after you make sure it's safe?

416: Any more nonsense out of you and I'll tie you to my gun and use you as a shield!

416: Right, there's no point worrying about that. We need to deal with the gate ASAP before the Commander and the others end up drowning in shellfire.

416: After that, we'll just have to hope the AR Team is as reliable as we are.

UMP9: The fighting for the shore guns is going to be really intense...  Can they really handle it?

UMP45: In any case, it's not something we should be worrying about. If everyone's ready, we're heading out!
Part 5: Reflector

5

...At the Griffin defense line.

Thompson: Doesn't look like cover's an issue anymore. How's the ammo at our fallback position?

M9: The drone just dropped it off!

M9: Will Military units really be coming our way?

Ingram: Hehe...wouldn't THAT be nice? Chances to have fun like this don't come by often.

Ingram: Besides, I still haven't settled the score with them from last time!

M3: But we can't possibly bring down Military armored units with just our firepower, right?

M3: Even their regular infantry models are hard to destroy once they're some distance away from us.

Thompson: The Boss has a plan.

Thompson: Squad B3, do you read me?

Gr MP5: Ehh?! Is the enemy here already?

Thompson: Relax, Gr MP5. Just asking for a routine report about the situation on your end.

Gr MP5: You scared me to death...

Gr MP5: We've planted the explosives behind the defense line, but is it really okay to booby trap our route of retreat?

Thompson: The Boss has a plan.

Thompson: Squads B4 and B5, what about you?

P7: We're fine too!

Type 92: Nothing out of the ordinary with B5.

Type 92: Aren't these regular check-ins too frequent?

P7: B4's prepped and ready to go!

P7: Heehee, come, you enemies, come and die!

Makarov: Thompson's worried about whether the enemy has secretly wiped out our forward listening posts. Besides, it's not like you're the one in charge of comms.

Type 92: True, but you heard P7 just now, right? Don't tell me she's got her pranks ready to go?

Makarov: Trust her this once. P7 doesn't mess around too much when it comes to actual combat.

Type 92: I hope so, given the circumstances.

Type 92: Wait a minute... Did you say "too much"?

Makarov: Does it matter? At most we'll just wake up in an unfamiliar repair tank.

Type 92: Are you sure we'll have a chance to wake up at all?

Makarov: We will. I believe in the Commander.

Makarov: Oh yes, where did STEN and that tomato go?

Type 92: There are still a few houses to the northwest that haven't been cleared yet. They've gone up there to scout and lay a few traps while they're there.

Makarov: I hope they don't blow themselves up before the fighting starts...

Makarov: As the new Team Palette, we can't bring shame to our former leader.

Type 92: Should we verify their positions?

Makarov: Right, contact them.

Type 92: B5-1 hailing B5-2.

Type 92: What's your situation? Why are you taking so long?

STEN MkII: Oh, it's 92.

STEN MkII: We've finished planting mines at the designated location.

Type 92: So why haven't you come back yet?

STEN MkII: That's because...

STEN MkII: Miss Negev asked us to help her out.

Negev: C3 hailing B5. 

Negev: This is Negev, sorry for borrowing some of your people.

Type 92: So it was Squad Negev. Don't sweat it, boss them around as much as you want.

Negev: Thank you very much. We'll send them back once we've finished digging in here.

Negev: How's the moving going?

AAT-52: It's...so...heavy...

Negev: Don't you usually use a machine gun? Why are you so weak?

AAT-52: Why don't...you try...carrying several dozen sandbags at once... (Pants)

Micro Uzi: Quit whining. If our position gets overrun, your flanks will be completely exposed. So please help us out. Miss Tomato.

AAT-52: Don't call me Tomato!

TAR-21: I'm terribly sorry about this, but the Commander wants the machine gun nests to be as secure as possible.

STEN MkII: It's alright; after all, we ought to be helping each other out at times like these, am I right, Miss Tomato?

AAT-52: At least call me Mademoiselle Tomate... Argh, my arms are falling off...

Negev: A few more sandbags and it'll be over. Come on, hang in there.

Negev: This is the first line of defense, so we need to hold the enemy at bay and keep them from passing through.

STEN MkII: So we're on the outermost edge of the defensive line? I saw a bunch of Dolls run outside just now.

Negev: They're probably recon teams. The Military's drawing closer, and the Commander needs to know the enemy's movements.

Negev: Still, they've been out for a while. I wonder how they're doing.

Welrod MkII: G1 hailing G5, can you see our position?

Kar98k: G5 copies, we see you clearly from here.

Welrod MkII: Please cover our reconnaissance... The enemy seems to have dispatched scout units as well, and they're headed our way.

Kar98k: Received. I recommend you pull your team back a little; your current position is very dangerous.

Welrod MkII: Understood, but we'll be able to spot the hostile armored trains from here more quickly. 

Welrod MkII: If we can take the initiative, we'll lose much fewer Dolls in the upcoming battle.

Kar98k: ...Roger.

Kar98k: We'll do our best to cover you.

Welrod MkII: Wait...

Kar98k: What's the matter?

Welrod MkII: I did a scan and found a faint signal approaching this location. I think it's an autonomous force conducting armed recon. 

Welrod MkII: We can't let them get close to our defense line, so let's wipe them out here.

Welrod MkII: I've synced the data to you.

Kar98k: Received. These numbers shouldn't pose a problem.

Kar98k: StG, have the rest of our teammates cover them as well.

StG44: Got it, I'm contacting them now.

StG44: G43, are you still at the resupply point?

G43: I'm on my way back.

StG44: Change of plan. Proceed directly to firing point 3, we're moving the crossfire plan up.

G43: Got it, I'm coming over now!

G43: There's been a change of plan, MP41.

MP41: Oh, was that from Fräulein Kar?

G43: She's at the shooting point, and she wants us to head over right away.

MP41: Er...does it have to be right now?

MP41: I wanted to write a report on the surrounding situation and send it to the Commander...

G43: Forget the report, just remember to be a good spotter for me afterwards. We don't often get the chance to fight alongside Fräulein Kar!

MP41: Fine, fine, I got it... Plus, if you bite it, I can take over and help Fräulein Kar. Sounds good, right?

G43: You shut that mouth of yours!

...Inside the command room on the train.

Kalina: Looks like everyone's just about ready.

Commander: Yup, and I guess our opposition ought to be ready too. 

Commander: Dandelion, have our Dolls been backed up?

Dandelion: All back-ups are complete. However, I will not be able to perform real-time neural backups for destroyed Dolls once the fighting starts. The data load is too great.

Commander: I'm grateful enough for pre-battle backups.

Commander: ...That way, even if we get blown to bits, these girls will all survive as long as you or M4 make it.

Dandelion: That is true, in theory.

Dandelion: However, saying that sort of thing will only needlessly increase the stress on all of you. For instance, I can already sense that Miss Kalina is very much on edge.

Kalina: Er...

Commander: Kalina... I'm sorry.

Kalina: It's fine, Commander, ahahaha... You've always been one for saying scary things, haven't you?

Commander: I hope they're just empty words, but I have a really bad feeling about this. Maybe the good luck we've had all this while is about to be used up.

Dandelion: I've collated the data from all the Dolls and analyzed the battle situation, which I've projected on the main monitor in the command room. It shows the current disposition of our forces and predictions of enemy movements. I hope this information will help ease the stress on you.

Commander: How did you do that...?

Commander: Usually we only get this kind of computational support at the base.

Dandelion: You can think of me as a top-of-the-line supercomputer system. Since you are the only commander in Griffin to enjoy such luxurious treatment, your existence can be considered to be on the 'cutting edge'.

Commander: ...

Dandelion: Is it not funny?

Dandelion: I thought humorous utterances would help relieve stress. It would seem I will need to avoid such forms of humor in the future.

Commander: I appreciate your good intentions... But let's focus on the battle.

Bzzzz — a buzzer goes off.

Commander: What's happening?

Kalina: Message from the recon team. The enemy armored trains have stopped moving and they have dispatched autonomous scouting forces, which are currently engaging the recon team.

Kalina: The trains are now deploying ground forces, and both our left and right flanks each have two companies' worth of troops headed their way.

Commander: They're going to catch us in a pincer attack. Looks like the opposition isn't interested in fancy tactics; they're going to hit us with everything they have. 

Commander: Are there any other movements?

Kalina: Hang on... I've lost contact with them...

Kalina: The HOCs have sent a report... The recon team is being bombarded.

Dandelion: The firefight just now exposed our listening post, and the enemy brought their train-based artillery to bear. Team G1, G3 and G7 have been destroyed.

Dandelion: Two teams from Group K were subjected to mortar bombardment while planting explosives along the railway, and they had no choice but to fall back to cover.

Dandelion: The echelons on the main line of defense are still in cover. Group B is requesting support from Group C. 

Commander: Dammit...they're showing us no mercy at all...

Commander: Have everyone from Group G fall back. Keep the defense echelons in cover and don't let them expose themselves.

Commander: They'll bombard the defense line if they reveal themselves too soon. 

Commander: Stick with Plan A for now.

Kalina: The defense line on the Lahepere Bay front is being hit too! 

Kalina: The Doll echelons are taking cover on the other side of the slope!

Commander: Are they planning on a breakthrough there...

Meanwhile...

On the Military armored train.

Yegor: Sitrep?

Adjutant: Our autonomous forces have encountered a Griffin listening post. It has been obliterated via fire support. The 52nd and 54th armored companies are deployed and the 14th infantry reconnaissance company is in position.

Adjutant: Autonomous companies C and D are performing final adjustments and will be ready in five minutes.

Yegor: Follow the plan and deploy our forces with mixed human and automaton composition. Also, beware of enemy hacking.

Yegor: Griffin has prepared this choke point to block us. They have very few positions from which they can mount a defense, so sweep all those locations with cannonfire beforehand.

Adjutant: Understood. 

Adjutant: Will our forces still be attacking in waves?

Adjutant: It's just a PMC. Can't we just crush them in one blow?

Yegor: That PMC is just the velvet glove over a mailed fist. There's no telling where our true enemy is hiding. We must not fail this mission - we have to act cautiously.

Adjutant: Understood, sir.

Yegor: Position all our armored forces on the north flank. I'm more worried about the Paldiski Base's coastal defense batteries than Griffin. 

Yegor: However, the fact that those cannons haven't started firing on us implies Griffin hasn't taken control of them yet.

Adjutant: Wasn't that base originally ours?

Yegor: It used to be, but some bastard wrecked it.

Adjutant: Is that why we have no choice but to take it back?

Yegor: Yes, we need to reclaim the base, as well as our soldier's honor, which has been trampled upon.

Adjutant: Yes, sir!

Adjutant: The PMC is still building up their defenses. When will we attack?

Adjutant: The troops are in high spirits and everyone is eager to make our enemies pay.

Adjutant: We will carry out any mission you give us, Captain.

Yegor: I know, I feel the same as everyone else.

Yegor: But we are soldiers, and so we must obey our orders.

Yegor: It isn't time yet. Give them a taste of our wrath in the form of cannonfire.
Part 6: Critical Angle Pt.2

6

Outside the quarantine wall.

UMP45: We're at the wall. Everyone out.

416: And here I thought we'd have to dodge bullets and shells on the way in.

UMP9: Isn't that a good thing? I mean, if we started off that way, it would be really easy to end up with a crappy ending where the car blows up and everyone dies.

Gr G11: Don't say scary things like that!

UMP45: The defense systems didn't open fire on us. Doesn't quite fit the information we were given.

UMP45: Check the perimeter, see if there are enemies hiding there.

UMP9: I'm scanning now. Haven't picked up anything suspicious yet.

UMP45: Good. 

UMP45: According to the map annotations, there ought to be a sewer exit we can take to get inside the walls.

416: I've found it. It's covered by a folding-type shutter. Should we blow it open?

UMP45: We have no idea what's going to happen next, so we need to make sparing use of valuable items like explosives.

UMP45: However, 9 can crack an electronically-controlled shutter of that level.

UMP45: You CAN do that, right, 9?

UMP9: Leave it to me, 45!

UMP9: (Gags) This place stinks!

Gr G11: Are we really going in there?

416: Bear with it. It'll only get worse once we actually go inside.

Distant explosions go off, one after the other.

UMP45: Did you hear that?

UMP9: That was cannonfire. Looks like the fighting's already started on the Commander's end...

416: The Military's moving faster than I expected. Are you done yet, 9?

UMP9: I'm looking for the unlocking nodes!

UMP9: There are two control ports which need cracking, give me a hand over there, 45.

UMP45: Whatever will I do with you... I'm going in too.

After they enter the quarantine wall through the sewer...

416: I knew it would smell bad...but I didn't expect it to smell THIS bad...

UMP45: Just do what Gr G11 did and switch off your smell modules.

416: As if I'd learn from a good-for-nothing like that...

UMP9: Quiet, everyone... I picked up something irregular inside the passage.

UMP45: Enemies?

UMP9: No...there's no signal reaction... It's probably...

416: They're remains from S.F. and Paradeus.

416 leaps out of the tunnel and lands inside a room.

UMP45: Hmm, there are traces everywhere of a firefight between S.F. and Paradeus. Looks like they fought over the wall too.

Gr G11: Oh dear... I can't believe there are so many corpses here...

UMP9: Judging by the state of these bodies, it must've happened quite a while ago...

UMP45: Looks like Dandelion was partially right. S.F. have probably tried to take control of the base before we arrived.

416: So is this base under Sangvis control now?

UMP45: They probably haven't gained full control access over the base, otherwise there's no way they would leave a place as important as the quarantine wall's main gate undefended.

UMP9: So you're saying the Commander still has a chance?

416: That's only if we can open the gate before the Commander is wiped out by the Military.

416: Plus, we have to make sure there are no other threats underground.

416: Speaking of which, can you verify DEFY's previous coordinates?

UMP9: I can pinpoint them. Should I try to contact them?

UMP45: We can't risk exposing ourselves like that. First, we need to make sure that DEFY really is at the coordinates they gave us.

UMP45: Come with me to check it out, 416. 

UMP45: UMP9, Gr G11, you two guard this passage. If anything dangerous happens, we'll withdraw through it.

UMP9: Leave it to me. ♪

UMP9: Happy now, Gr G11?？

Gr G11: I...I'm overjoyed...

UMP45: After that, close your Zener Protocol interfaces and switch to verbal communication. If need be, use radio—

UMP45 suddenly stops in her tracks.

UMP9: Huh? What's wrong, 45?

UMP45: I'm picking up some interference...

416: Another forced connection?

UMP45: I felt something like this in Tallinn... I'm going to take precautions just in case.

UMP45: This might be the reason why DEFY can't transmit to us, or it might be part of an enemy trap.

UMP45: In any case, send a burst message to the Commander and the AR Team. We won't make any connections until we reach the quarantine wall control room.

UMP9: Right, sending!

UMP45: That said, getting this sensation means we're in the right place.

416: ...

416: You're just asking for it. Let's hurry up to the coordinates.

UMP45: Indeed, Captain Obvious.

Shortly before...

Destroyer: I'm at the place you were talking about. What now?

Dreamer: She's gone...

Destroyer: What do you mean? Who's gone? Where did they go?

Dreamer: Mastermind relinquished her command. Don't you understand what that means?

Dreamer: To her, we're nothing more than disposable pawns.

Dreamer: And now, it's time to take out the trash...

Destroyer: What are you talking about?!

A burst of intense gunfire rings out from Dreamer's end, and the transmission cuts off.

Destroyer: Dreamer? Answer me!

The sound of orderly footsteps comes from a place not far off.

Destroyer: Who's that? Is it you, Dreamer?

Destroyer: No, wait, the signal IFF reads...

As the dust clears before her, the girls' nearly-identical faces come into view.

Destroyer: Paradeus...what are you doing here?!

Destroyer: You should have all been locked inside!

Nyto: ...

Destroyer: Dammit...so you're trying to walk all over me?!

Destroyer: Let me warn you, I'm not one to be bullied!

The Nytos disregard Destroyer's angry protests. They merely approach her in complete silence...

Destroyer: What, are you looking down on me?!

Destroyer: Move to attack formation and fire—!

The Nytos dodge the barrage of shots with swift movements even as they close the distance to the S.F. forces with incredible speed.

Destroyer: Switch to defensive formation! Pull away from them! Fall back! Fall back!

The Nytos rip through the Sangvis forces like a streak of lightning.

Destroyer: Retreat! RETREAT! Retreat with me!

However, most of the Sangvis units have already been hacked - their neural clouds are thrown into disarray, and they are unable to comply. All they can do is scatter in all directions.

As she watches more and more Sangvis units being torn apart before her eyes, the only thing Destroyer can do is protect herself.

Destroyer: Dammit dammit dammit!

Destroyer: All remaining S.F. forces, follow me and withdraw!

With the last few Sangvis forces in tow, Destroyer breaks into a mad sprint towards the shore gun emplacements.
Part 7: Total Internal Reflection

7

Outside the quarantine wall.

M4 SOPMOD II: We didn't run into any enemies along the way... I'm so boooooored...

ST AR-15: Isn't the lack of enemies a good thing?

M4 SOPMOD II: It is, but...I'm still booooooooored up here on the roof...

RO635: I wouldn't mind if this boredom went on a little longer...

ST AR-15: RO, are we there yet?

RO635: The road conditions here are terrible, we can't drive too fast.

RO635: And the map didn't include any geographical data about this place.

M4A1: Dandelion isn't all-powerful.

M4A1: I can hear explosions - we need to get to our objective ASAP.

ST AR-15: The Military must be hitting them with a barrage. 

ST AR-15: They're going to exchange fire soon. I wonder if the Commander can really last 30 minutes...

M4A1: The Commander WILL make it, and every second we buy will raise the Commander's chances that much more...

ST AR-15: Got it. We're all ready.

M4A1: Yeah...me too.

M4A1: Wait a minute, is this...a burst signal?

ST AR-15: What happened?

M4A1: 404 picked up some kind of forced connection like the kind in Tallinn. They'll be going offline after this.

ST AR-15: In other words, there are Nytos or Isomers in the base.

M4A1: Dandelion.

Dandelion: The results from your scans are correct. I have not detected any related signals. However...

M4A1: However?

Dandelion: However, I can "feel" something...

Dandelion: I guess you've felt it too, or rather, right now everyone has—

M4A1: What do you mean?

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoa! Look at the sky!

M4A1: !

ST AR-15: Is that...a blue aurora?

RO635: But how could there be an aurora here? Also, isn't this daytime?

M4A1: An aurora?

Dandelion: It's not just the aurora.

???: Will we see that scene from back then in this place too?

???: We can find closure here, and the storm stirred up by the butterfly's wings will come to an end.

???: Surely Father's wish will be fulfilled now.

M4A1: These voices are...

Dandelion: It seems you "feel" it too.

M4A1: What's happening inside the base?

Dandelion: The OGAS signal broadcast has grown stronger. It seems that whatever 16 is doing, her plan is now rapidly accelerating.

M4A1: ...Is it the Starfish? What exactly does it hide?

Dandelion: That is not something I have an answer to.

...Inside the Military train.

Yegor: Are you sure? Can you verify that there is an aurora in the airspace above the base?

Signaller: Y-yes...

Yegor: ...

Yegor: Send me the image data.

Yegor: Hm...

Adjutant: Captain, is it time?

Yegor: Have all units prepare to attack. Then put me on a direct line to Moscow.

Adjutant: Yes, sir.

An encrypted transmission begins...

Yegor: General Carter, the phenomenon you mentioned earlier has occurred.

Carter: I know. Our comrades have made their move. The mainframe has been activated. Time is of the essence - the server inside that base must be activated as well.

Yegor: Looks like he didn't lie to us.

Carter: We have paid everything we can pay, so we must take everything we are owed.

Carter: He wasn't trustworthy given the circumstances, and it was only a matter of time before he betrayed us. But we can no longer hesitate now.

Yegor: Understood. I will complete the mission as soon as possible.

Carter: Even now, those traitors are arresting our compatriots. There isn't much time left for you. Don't let their sacrifice be in vain.

Yegor: I guarantee that I will complete the mission. I will take the base before the mainframe is shut down.

Carter: As for the ones pulling the strings behind the scenes...

Yegor: Neither I nor any of my men will surrender to them.

Carter: I am sorry.

Carter: Once again, I've made you lead your comrades onto a battlefield from which there is no return.

Yegor laughs. He does not do this often.

Yegor: Of course. I've been prepared for this for a long time. Please do what you ought to do, General.

The encrypted transmission ends.

Yegor: Comrades, inform the frontline units - begin the attack, and crush Griffin!
Part 8: Sine Curve

8

The choke point eight kilometers away from Paldiski Base is filled with clouds of gun smoke and the flames of cannonfire.

The earth rumbles...

The Dolls frantically scramble into their trenches to avoid the blasts and shrapnel as shells rain down on them...

And as for the Dolls who have already fallen, the repeated explosions blast their parts in all directions.

The blizzard whipping through the Estonian sky is a sign of the Military's victory.

Military Trooper: Sir, we've finished a round of effective fire from the train guns.

After the soldier delivers his report to his squad leader, the latter takes up his binoculars and observes the point of impact.

Griffin's recon teams were spotted moving around there several minutes ago, but after a few rounds of fire, they no longer blacken his line of sight.

Military Officer: Carry on. The enemy is hunkering down in the choke point. Give them another full volley.

Military Trooper: Understood.

Military Officer: Quartz, this is Hematite. The attack order has been given. Enemy coordinates are PE-454-321-12. Begin a creeping barrage in 20 seconds and bombard those coordinates for 15 minutes.

Commando: Quartz receives, preparing to execute. Over. 

At the Griffin lines.

AAT-52: Aren't they done firing yet?!

STEN MkII: Don't raise your head! That's why I told you to dig the trenches deeper!

AAT-52: You worked me so hard I thought I would run out of power before the enemy even showed up!

Meanwhile, Thompson, who has been separated from the others, is desperately trying to find her teammates.

Thompson: Group B to all Squad B members, recon team reports enemy forces approaching, get to battle stations ASAP and carry out the defense plan.

Thompson: I repeat, enemy forces approaching,  get to battle stations ASAP and carry out the defense plan.

Thompson: God dammit, why did comms have to cut out now of all times...

AAT-52 and STEN MkII are lost on the other end of the battlefield.

AAT-52: The shells are still flying!

AAT-52: Where's our team leader?

STEN MkII: There's no response from the comms...

AAT-52: Are we the only ones left...? Quick, look for Dummies that have lost their mainframes; we can't let the defense line crumble on our watch!

STEN MkII: Yeah...I'm coming!

AAT-52: Hurry! Hurry! Jump in!

AAT-52: The enemy really is closing in... We need to stick to the plan and let them pass over our heads...

STEN MkII: We're pretty well concealed here, but...

STEN MkII: But if they find us...we won't even have the chance to return fire...

AAT-52: This is the Commander's plan... It's sure to succeed!

AAT-52: Once those bastards show us their backs...I'm going to make them pay for what they did to Leader!

Mobile Team 3 Member: Quartz to Hematite, we're at the designated location. No enemies in sight and scans are being disrupted. Should we proceed? Over.

Military Officer: This is Hematite, the enemy might have set up an ambush; proceed with caution. Over.

Commando: Quartz copies, unit positions have been adjusted. Autonomous units are conducting reconnaissance, feel free to request fire support as needed. Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies, please await fire support request. Over.

Commando: Copy that, commencing operation.
Part 9: Reversibility

9

Inside the train's command room.

Commander: Dandelion, how's the situation?

Dandelion: We've jammed the Military's scanning frequencies as planned. The enemy hasn't discovered our ambush positions yet.

Dandelion: I have subverted part of the Military's autonomous units, but the opposition has isolated their signals, so there aren't many units which can be used to fight.

Commander: That's all, huh.

Dandelion: A moment please... The Military is resisting our hacking and is attempting to counter-jam our frequencies. It will take a while before communications can resume. 

Dandelion: The last message from our comms indicates that Group B attacked the Military's infantry from behind and has thrown back the first wave of enemies. 

Dandelion: Our forces have taken 60% casualties, but they can still hold the line.

Commander: Sounds like good news.

Commander: How fares the north side, Kalina?

Kalina: Comms on my side are jammed too.

Kalina: The northern forces were exchanging fire with enemy units three minutes ago, and the echelon leaders reported that their losses were minimal.

Commander: The enemy didn't launch an assault?

Commander: What are they afraid of...? Is it the coastal defense guns in the base?

Kalina: I wonder if M4 and the others have made it there...

The sound of continuous gunfire and explosions drifts over from the distance. The window frame trembles faintly.

Commander: Something doesn't sound right. Why are the shells falling outside the northern defense line...?

Commander: Dandelion, can you restore comms?

Dandelion: The Military jamming is severe. I'm currently doing my best to preserve Zener Network connectivity.

Commander: Kalina, fetch me the binoculars.

Through the binoculars, Griffin Dolls can be seen in the distance, running frantically over open ground to avoid the shower of artillery shells. Many Dolls try to run back to the defense line, but the explosions soon engulf them.

Commander: Damned Military!

On the other side.

Military Officer: It was as you said. After they were jammed, the Dolls were easily drawn out.

Yegor: Humph. That's all there is to civilian Dolls.

Yegor: Continue jamming their networks. Dolls without a human Commander are nothing but trash.

Yegor: Are the armored units ready?

Military Officer: Hematite to Zircon, what is your status, are you ready to move out? Over.

Armored Unit Officer: Zircon copies, ready to commence the assault at any time. Over.

Yegor: Yes, send them out.

Yegor: Break through Griffin's defense line and transfer some forces to Quartz. Your priority is to take control of the naval defense platforms, and then come back to exterminate these vermin.

Military Officer: Hematite copies, beginning operation. Transferring a mobile team from Attack Route 12 to cover Quartz, as outlined in Plan B. Over.

Armored Unit Officer: Zircon copies, we're setting out right now. Over.

Yegor: Give them one last creeping barrage. It'll be danger close; be mindful of friendly positions.

Military Officer: Yes sir!
Part 10: Cosine Signal

    10chevron_right

Inside the command room.

Kalina: Commander, the Military armored units have begun their assault on the northern defense line! 

Kalina: It's a saturation attack, our HOCs can't stop them!

Kalina: Losses to our frontline Doll echelons are over 85%!

Commander: We're just too weak, huh...

Commander: Dandelion, can you have the northern echelons fall back to our train?

Commander: If their armored units flank this train, then we're done for.

Dandelion: I'm relaying orders now and reorganizing our remaining forces in the most optimal manner.

Dandelion: Also, the backup Dolls have pinpointed the location of the armored units. They are not trying to approach the train's position.

Dandelion: Their objective is probably the coastal gun platforms. Once they break through our lines, they'll probably head for it at full speed. 

Commander: That's worse than if they were headed right for us...

Commander: Send this news to the AR Team. Make sure they know they have to reach the shore guns before the Military!

Dandelion: Attempting to contact them.

Commander: How's Squad 404? Have they still not found a way open the main gate?

Kalina: They're still running silent...

Commander: Continue to monitor their transmissions. We'll move once we get word from them.

Commander: (Sighs) I told them we could hold out for 30 minutes, but it's only been 10 minutes...

Commander: We're sitting ducks here until that gate opens!

Kalina: Commander...

Dandelion: Commander, the ECCM is effective; our comms have been partially restored.

Commander: Have the northern echelons begun withdrawing?

Dandelion: They're trying to regroup, but there's a sustained barrage targeted at them.

Dandelion: Also, the southern defense line is taking a second round of attacks. The enemy's human infantry are moving up and there are no autonomous units to hack.

Dandelion: Losses on the southern line are up to 70%. Should we order them to continue fighting?

Commander: ...

Commander: ...Have them pull back to the train as well. Instruct the backup teams to prepare for combat.

Dandelion: Yes, Commander.

...

In a corner of the battlefield.

The Dolls here are carrying on perfectly normally, as though the gunfire and chaos outside have nothing to do with this place.

CF-05: Girls! Orders from the Commander!

Gr SL8: Patch them in.

Gr SL8: Yes... Understood.

CF-05: Why are you making that face?

Gr SL8: When the Commander gives orders, you've got to listen solemnly! 

Gr SL8: Don't worry, everything's still going as planned.

Gr SL8: Everyone, prepare to withdraw! Guard your mainframes well, and if need be, use your Dummies as meat shields

CF-05: Right. Everyone, step lively!

A gunshot rings out.

Gr SL8: ...Well, that was fast. Everyone, get ready for battle!

Commando: I've spotted some remaining Dolls... Everyone, on me!

Thompson: All forces, retreat!

Ingram: We can't! We can't go yet!

Ingram: Our other echelons are still in their positions!

Gr MP5: Ingram, now's not the time for heroics. The Commander's given orders!

Ingram: Huh? You want me to go when P7's still in danger?

Gr MP5: Ingram...you...

Ingram: Give me your Dummies! I'll hold the enemy off!

Thompson: You stay behind, Ingram. Everyone else, give your Dummies to her, then fall back with me.

Gr MP5: But...

Ingram: That's more like it. Thanks, boss.

Gr MP5: Are we going to abandon Ingram?

Gr MP5: Are we...going to abandon everyone else?

Thompson: Don't let Ingram's sacrifice go to waste.

Thompson: All we can do is repay her in the end by winning.

Ingram doesn't look back at her teammates as they retreat.

She rubs her tired eyes and leads the remaining Dummies towards the Military commandos—

More gunshots.

Inside the train's command room.

Kalina: Commander...there are fewer and fewer echelons capable of responding to us at the forward defense line...

Kalina: And the Military units are now within two kilometers of us.

Commander: Activate the train's defensive weapons. Let the enemy vanguard past, then interdict the battlefield. Do your best to cover the retreating echelons.

Commander: Commit all of our reserves, have them block the enemy forces along with the retreating echelons.

Dandelion: Our train is almost out of ammunition.

Commander: ...I know.

Commander: Still no word from 404?

Kalina: Not yet... Come on, Miss 45... Please, hurry up!

On Squad 404's end.

UMP45: We're almost at the coordinates. Considering how I'm not picking up any other movement, it seems our allies are being pretty calm.

416: Gunshots!

??: Oh my, it seems our reinforcements are quite cautious, given how they've shut off their Zener Protocol ports.

???: Ammo reserves are almost dry. I do not recommend wasting processor cycles on idle chatter.

UMP45: They're transmitting over unencrypted radio? Reply to their transmission.

416: This is Squad 404, operating with Griffin. Identify yourselves.

RPK-16: The two of us are members of Task Force DEFY. I was just about to say that our take-out ought to have arrived by now.

416: Are you currently in control of the barrier gate?

RPK-16: Yes we are, it's under our control, at least while our ammo holds out.

RPK-16: So whatever you're thinking of doing, you'd better do it fast.

The transmission ends.

UMP45: The voiceprint matches the previous transmission. Let's go up and help them.

416: Got it. We'll go in from the left. Mind your fire.
Part 2: Diffraction Grating

2

UMP45: As I thought, this base still contains functional Paradeus units.

UMP45: 416, have 9 and Gr G11 come up here. I'd say the enemies on this side have all been wiped out.

AK-15: Thanks for the support.

UMP45: You're welcome. Where's the control panel? We need to open the gate right now.

RPK-16: You'd think they'd be at least show us a little concern, wouldn't you?

UMP45: Since when was it in my place to care about how Task Force DEFY is faring?

RPK-16: How does 404 perceive those of us on Task Force DEFY, I wonder?

UMP45: More robust than a tank. At the very least, they don't need to be babied by fragile little civilian Dolls like ourselves.

UMP45: Now where is that control panel?

RPK-16: Over here, and here's the encryption dongle.

UMP45: Thank you. 416, go activate the control panel.

416: Got it.

RPK-16: I mean, we're all Dolls here, so why is there such a huge cognitive bias? How positively bizarre.

RPK-16: Won't you say something? Your words carry the most weight here, you know.

AK-15: I only have two mags left.

RPK-16: As humorless as ever.

RPK-16: Still, that's just like you.

UMP9: 45, you made it... Whoa!

UMP9: Who's that lying on the ground?!

RPK-16: Oh, this was our original Commander.

RPK-16: Well, he's passed out now, and about as much use as a tiger with a broken spine, so I took over command.

AK-15: RPK, your leadership is far worse than Mr. K's.

AK-15: Otherwise, we wouldn't be stuck in this control room.

RPK-16: Dolls can't replace humans, after all. Not even someone like this.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: So this is K. I've only ever heard his name in combat logs.

UMP45: What about the rest of DEFY?

UMP45: Where's Ange?

RPK-16: We were ambushed by S.F. during our mission and got separated from them during our withdrawal. Our original commander took a bullet, but before he passed out, he ordered us to hold this position and wait for you.

416: I've finished activating the gate controls.

UMP45: Open the gate, then. 9, contact the Commander.

UMP9: Okie-doke!

UMP45: Sync the path you took out of the base with us. We need to find Ange and the rest of DEFY.

RPK-16: You're planning to charge in there while you're so lightly armed?

RPK-16: I commend your courage in throwing yourself into the fray like a moth to the flame.

RPK-16: For the sake of the mission, how about letting AK-15 go with you?

AK-15: I only have two mags left.

RPK-16: But that's not a problem for you, is it?

RPK-16: Oh... I see, you don't want to run into 12, is that it?

UMP45: I appreciate your concern, but we're not used to other Dolls joining us on ops either.

UMP45: Please sync the route to us and we'll set off right away.

UMP45: Griffin's forces will link up with you shortly. Our Commander will provide you with support.

RPK-16: Ehhhh... Alright then. I've sent the data over. Good luck. You'll need it.
Part 3: Waveguide

3

Dandelion: Our echelons are on the verge of collapse. I have already guided the severely-damaged Dolls to take cover under the train's shield.

Dandelion: However, we will not last long like this.

Commander: I know.

Commander: How many more echelons are we still missing?

Kalina: I'm unable to contact a lot of echelons...

Kalina: Only about 10% of the frontline forces have returned to the fall-back position...

Commander: Dammit... How could this...

Kalina: Commander...

Dandelion: A transmission for you.

Commander: Is it 404?

Kalina: ...

Kalina: No... It's from the Military. They're advising us to surrender.

Yegor: To the Dolls of Griffin and their Commander — you are all guilty of treason and this is our ultimatum to you.

Yegor: Your forces are in tatters. You have no hope. Your only way out is to surrender!

Yegor: Disarm yourselves and let us past, or our forces will crush you like insects! I repeat — the Special Operations Command has issued you an ultimatum...

Commander: Turn it off!

Kalina: ...Are we going to surrender?

Commander: We will NEVER surrender.

Beep-beep.

UMP45: I expected nothing less of you, Commander. Truly, that is the resolve of someone who is worth following.

UMP45: Sorry to have kept you waiting, the battle before this must have been hard on you.

Commander: Is that 404?! Are they finally getting in touch?!

UMP45: That's right, we've linked up with Task Force DEFY — part of it, at least. We've opened the barrier gate to the base.

UMP45: The quarantine wall is secure and you may now enter.

Commander: Thank you for this information.

Commander: Kalina, start the train. Prepare to have our Dolls board and evacuate.

Kalina: Got it!

UMP45: Mr. K is currently unconscious in the control room. His condition is stable, so please come over to collect him, if you don't mind.

UMP45: The new members of DEFY who came with him also require supplies and await new directives.

UMP45: We'll head into the base to scout it out. If we find the rest of DEFY and Ange, we'll contact you.

Commander: Roger. Thank you for your hard work.

Commander: You truly never fail to deliver.

UMP45: We're always worth our price tag. I hope you'll live long enough to pay up.

Commander: I hope so too.

Commander: Dandelion, speed up the evacuation. Bring the girls back ASAP.

Dandelion: Now allocating most optimal withdrawal routes. Shall we use the remaining ammunition to provide cover fire for them?

Dandelion: I should point out that we do not even have enough to deliver a full volley...

Commander: Then fire half a volley. I'm not leaving behind a single one of them.

...At the frontline between Griffin and the Military.

L85A1 has been cornered by the Military's commandos.

Welrod MkII: We're not going to make it, are we?

Commando: Go to hell!

Bang!

The one who falls is the Military commando.

Another Commando: Sergeant!

Bang.

Another commando bites the dust.

Commando Leader: AMBUSH! Get to cover!

The members of the commando team immediately dive behind the nearest low wall, but the bullets still pierce the masonry and their chests.

IWS 2000: Looks like we made it by the skin of our teeth.

Welrod MkII: You...you're from Group D!

IWS 2000: Good thing we came over to check one last time. We were separated from many of our teammates while comms were jammed.

IWS 2000: Come, fall back with us!

Welrod MkII: Alright!

AUG: We ought to be the last echelon. Time is of the essence; we need to withdraw ASAP.

AUG: The Commander says the train is about to start up.

Welrod hoists L85A1 onto her back.

Welrod MkII: Got it.

On the other front...

Ingram: This should be enough... Now everyone will be able to go home...

MP41: Everyone stop!

MP41: We have more Dolls over here!

MP41: Hey hey hey, don't go falling asleep now! Neural cloud backups aren't like how they used to be.

Ingram: Huh? You...you're from Group G?

Ingram: I thought you were all...

MP41: As if a mere few shells would take out an elite squad like ours!

MP41: Now get on your feet, or we won't make it!

Kar98k: Fall back as fast as you can. I'll cover you.

MP41: Urk, Fräulein Kar sure is strict.

MP41: Come on, then! Your team must be waiting for you to go back!

Ingram: ...Yes...yes...yes!

Ingram: Please help me up!

CF-05: Tsk! What a pain!

Gr SL8: Conserve your ammo. Our priority is withdrawal. Are there any more Dolls coming back?

CF-05: Doesn't look like there's anyone else... Shall we go?

Gr SL8: The Military is much more powerful than expected...

Gr SL8: We played it very safe, but we were still really lucky to have lived as long as we did.

CF-05: So does this mean we're leaving now?

Gr SL8: Of course not! Wait a little longer. What if someone is still on the way back?

CF-05: Hehe, I'm with you there. It's good to live and eat hotpot, but it only tastes good when you eat it with a lot of people.

CF-05: ...Caution! Unknown targets in the distance!

Gr SL8: Are the Military charging again? That can't be. Right now...

CF-05: No...wait... They're with us! Several of our girls are retreating this way!

CF-05: Quick, we have to help them!

...In the train's command room.

Kalina: Commander, all the Dolls who responded to our hails should be back by now!

Kalina: Should we let them board?

Commander: Good! Have everyone fall back with the train and prepare to rally our forces.

Commander: Dandelion, prepare to start up the train!

Dandelion: 30 seconds required for all Dolls to board.

Commander: Alright, make it quick and move on to the next step.

Kalina: Commander, someone's on the comms. It's Task Force DEFY, should I put them through?

Commander: Do it.

RPK-16: Forgive me for this direct communiqué, Griffin Commander. I apologize for being the bearer of bad news.

RPK-16: I asked 404's leader to give me this frequency; there is information that I need to share with you right away.

RPK-16: We noticed a small breach caused by a blast in the northern quarantine wall. It was very neatly done, probably the work of veterans.

RPK-16: The Military might have slipped a team through the breach.

RPK-16: I believe you've already sent people to seize the coastal defense artillery, but the Military taking the path through the breach might very well beat you to them.

RPK-16: Therefore, I urge you to keep an eye on their movements.

Commander: Received. Thank you all for your hard work. Our armored train is preparing to pass through the quarantine wall and begin the next step of our blockade.

Commander: It would be a great help if you could activate the wall's defensive installations. Anything that could launch an attack would be good.

RPK-16: We'll do our best, the same way drowning fish poke their heads out of the water in search of oxygen.

Commander: ...Thanks?

Commander: Kalina, can you contact the AR Team now?

Kalina: No problem at all. Establishing communication.

M4A1: ...Commander, are you alright?

Commander: We managed to waylay the Military, at least, but you'd better pick up the pace.

Commander: The Military blasted a hole in the quarantine wall...

Commander: And their aim is the same as ours...

Commander: They want the shore guns.
Part 4: Beam Splitter

4

...At the Military staging area.

Mobile Team Leader: Quartz to Terra, we've succeeded in breaching the quarantine wall. Proceeding with the mission. Over.

Yegor: Terra copies. Don't be careless. Over.

Mobile Team Leader: Copy that. Quartz out.

Yegor ends the transmission.

Yegor: How goes the extermination of Griffin?

Military Officer: Sir, Griffin is still putting up a fight.

Military Officer: We are attempting to eliminate them without damaging the railway.

Yegor: It's nothing but pointless resistance. Hammer them, do not let up on the offensive.

Yegor: Griffin won't be able to hold on for long.

Military Officer: Sir.

...In the train command room.

Commander: How many rounds do we have left for our cannons?

Kalina: We don't even have enough to fire half a volley!

Dandelion: All Dolls have boarded. We can start the train up.

Commander: Now!

Commander: Target the Military units...and give them everything we've got!

Yegor: Tsk...play your petty tricks while you can.

Yegor: Main force, fall back to the flanks. That train has not been resupplied and it'll run out of ammo soon.

Yegor: Also, don't forget our objective... That base is the most important thing here.

Military Officer: Understood.

Commander: Kalina, can we reload for another round?

Kalina: Commander, we've expended all our ammo.

Commander: Looks like it's time to squeeze the last bit of value out of this train...

Kalina: Commander...?

Commander: Dandelion, order all Dolls to load all the ammunition they can carry into their personal gear, dump all the ammo they can't outside the train, then have them brace for impact.

Dandelion: ...Commander, there may be no going back if you do this.

Commander: Well, there's a 100% chance we won't be going back if we DON'T do it. Hurry and give the order.

Kalina: ...Commander, don't tell me you're going to...?

Commander: That's right... Sorry, Kalina. I'm going to be selfish once again.

Kalina gazes at the Commander and sighs. She buckles up her safety belt, then gives a determined nod.

Dandelion: All Dolls are braced for impact.

Commander: Dandelion, you know what I have in mind.

Dandelion: For a long time, I couldn't fathom why people had so much faith in you... Now, I think I understand.

Commander: You flatter me.

Held in place by its brakes, the train shudders from the vibration of its engine. Under Dandelion's control, the train's engine begins to overheat — steam spews from its head, and the entire carriage starts shaking violently.

Then, with the sound of tearing metal as the brakes give out, sparks spray from the wheels, and the train roars as it lunges forward at the base.

The train, which should have been decelerating, picks up speed as it nears the quarantine wall. At this rate, it's going to derail at the mouth of the barrier gate, but...

Amidst the vigorous shaking, the Commander barely manages to hang on to the railings, muttering as the train rocks harder and harder.

Commander: Come, I'll show you just how hard crushing an insect can be.

Commander: As Sun Tzu once said, "On desperate ground, fight!"

The speeding train jumps its tracks, skidding across the frozen soil before it hits the barrier gate.

The train is well and truly stuck in the gate now...

It is a wordless display of the Commander's will and determination.
Part 5: Interferometer

5

...

Yegor: What?!

Yegor: ...Alright, you got me good, Griffin Commander.

Signaller: What should we do now, Captain?

Beep beep — an encrypted message comes through.

The corner of Yegor's mouth faintly turns up.

Yegor: I have to admit, you have your tricks. But in cards, the winner takes all, and I'll be the one drawing the joker in the end.

Yegor: Pull our frontal troops back to a safe distance.

Yegor: Quartz, I have news for you.

...In the train command room.

Kalina: (Coughs)... Commander, are you alright...

Commander: I think all my limbs are still attached and intact... What about Dandelion?

Dandelion: I'm fine.

Commander: Looks like luck was on our side...

Commander: Dandelion, have the Dolls move into the quarantine wall.

Commander: After that, plant explosives in the train's chassis. I'm going to make this train a complete roadblock.

Dandelion: It seems you are fully determined to not leave this place.

Commander: If we complete our mission, we'll have all the time to leave...

Commander: Looks like those guys outside are still eyeing us.

Commander: If the AR Team can take the shore guns, we'll have a chance to crush the Military's forces.

Commander: After that, we can take care of the problems within the base.

Elsewhere... Five minutes ago.

The AR Team is currently headed toward the coastline.

ST AR-15: How much further till we're there?

RO635: At our current speed, it should take about two more minutes!

M4A1: Careful! The Typhon's shooting at us again!

M4 SOPMOD II: My grenades aren't getting through at all! How the hell are they so accurate from so far away?!

ST AR-15: Fire off all your grenades at the very least!

ST AR-15: Who knows, if we lighten the load, we might go faster!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, is it really alright to take this path?

RO635: This is a big flat plain with no cover at all! These wind turbines are all we have to protect us from enemy fire!

M4A1: There's no time, they've got a vehicle on our tail!

M4 SOPMOD II: Careful, careful! Those fan blades nearly took my head off!

ST AR-15: Get down from the roof!

ST AR-15: It's too dangerous up there!

M4A1: Floor it!

M4A1: Once we get to the bunkers, their anti-armor guns won't be able to get us!

RO635: Got it!

M4 SOPMOD II: Look, to the right!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's another Typhon.

M4A1: They must really want the coastal defense artillery. RO, we have to speed up!

RO635: Arghhhhhhh I don't care anymore! Hang on tight!

RO635: If you get thrown off, it's your problem!

The AR Team's Jeep rushes at top speed toward the bunker complex at the base of the shore guns.

It evades shot after shot from the Typhons, while SOP launches one grenade after another at the fast-approaching Military vehicles, forcing them to slow down.

The Jeep finally reaches the bunkers ahead of the Military and screeches to a halt, and several Dolls quickly jump off it.

The Military vehicles, which have been swerving to avoid SOP-II's grenades also stop at the other entrance. The soldiers who disembark exchange glances with the Dolls in the distance. Both sides pause for a moment before dashing into the bunkers without any hesitation.

M4A1: Dammit! We need to get there ahead of them!

M4A1: Once you're in, keep the other troops from entering. I'll go seize the control center.

M4A1: Dandelion! Plot me a course! Find the soldiers who are already inside!

Dandelion: Position verified.

M4A1: The opposition isn't too numerous, and now that they've split up, Dolls have the advantage in confined spaces!

M4A1: SOP-II, RO, hold the entrance. AR-15, clear the lower levels.

M4A1: You must not let more Military personnel in!

With that, M4 charges into the bunker as well.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright! I've been wanting to thump them for a long time!

RO635: I've always envied that inexhaustible confidence of yours...

ST AR-15: We only stand a chance because of that confidence.

RO635: I know that. No matter what, we can't let our team leader down, right?

ST AR-15: Of course. I'm going in. Hold the fort.

RO635: Understood.
Part 6: Aperture

6

...Inside.

Commando: ...You damn Doll!

Thud.

Several shots later, a soldier collapses by M4's feet.

M4A1: Stop getting in our way!

M4A1: Hailing RO and 15, how are things?

RO635: SOP-II and I have taken down two people. There aren't a lot of enemy infantry, we can hold them!

ST AR-15: I've pinned their main force in the lower levels. Four have fled upstairs! Take care!

M4A1: Four people, huh... Got it!

M4A1: How much further, Dandelion?

Dandelion: Two more corners. I can see through the security cameras that two people are trying to flank you just ahead.

M4A1: Crap...

M4 unconsciously ducks her head. Several bullets pass through the space it once occupied and impact against the wall.

M4 adjusts her shooting posture and swiftly guns down the soldier to her right.

The remaining soldier shoots at M4, but M4 shields her head with her arm while firing one-handed in his direction.

Dandelion: The soldiers ahead of you are almost at the control room. You need to catch up to them.

M4A1: Tell me something I don't know!

M4 rushes toward the control room at full speed. To her right, she sees another soldier also running as fast as he can.

Just as she's about to shoot him, a soldier hiding in a corner raises his knife to ambush her.

However, a human's strength and reflexes are far inferior to those of a Doll; M4 not only blocks the knife stabbing at her, but also uses her momentum to slam the soldier into the wall. In the same instant, she takes a firing stance and promptly shoots him in the head.

Still, that sneak attack leaves her lagging behind the soldier whom she has been racing. Without bothering to change her magazine, she just takes off again and hurries after him.

M4A1: Tsk...

...

Two sets of hurried footsteps break the years-long silence inside the narrow passage.

One set belongs to M4, sprinting towards the shore batteries' control room.

The other belongs to the team leader in charge of this mission. He has the same objective as M4, and he is no slower than she is.

As she rounds a certain corner, this soldier pokes his gun out from the shadows cast by the duralumin partition walls and fires.

M4A1: ...!

M4's neural cloud computes the bullet's trajectory, then she leans herself forward, nimbly evading the shot.

M4A1: 4 o'clock.

Bang bang bang — M4 turns quickly, seizing the chance to strike back.

Shrapnel fills the air; the team leader's attack betrayed his position, but...

M4A1: He hid again?

Although the bunker's interior seems spacious, the layout is as complex as a spiderweb. Since this is M4's first time in this base, that makes it difficult for her to determine where her enemy is hiding.

M4A1: In that case...all I need to do is get there first.

M4 decides to make a break for the control room while laying down suppressive fire.

M4A1: I'll be there soon.

Team Leader: ...

The team leader has also guessed M4's plan and begins firing on her.

Though this is supposed to be a dark passage, the muzzle flashes from their respective weapons clearly silhouette their bodies against the walls.

M4A1: Tsk...

M4A1: I'm almost there!

The coastal defense artillery control panel is so close she can almost touch it.

But then a grenade suddenly sails out in front of M4, forcing her to leap out of the passage to avoid the explosion.

M4A1: ...!

Just then, the team leader shoots out from behind his cover like a rocket.

He takes advantage of the opportunity afforded to him when M4 dives aside to pelt her with gunshots. Meanwhile, M4 immediately turns back and returns fire.

Bang bang bang.

Both sides exchange fire at close range, and the sound of gunfire echoes all around.

Team Leader: ...!

M4A1: ...

Victory is soon decided; the soldier's bullets cannot penetrate M4's bulletproof body, but the soldier has been shot in the side.

He realizes that he's going to have a hard time beating M4 in close quarters, so he musters all his strength to flee into a door labeled NO NAKED FLAMES.

After performing some first-aid on himself, he scans the room he is in.

Unfortunately, there is only one entrance to this storeroom.

This place was once stacked to the brim with ammunition. Now, all that remains are many empty wooden crates.

M4A1: Bloodstains... Is he over there? Is that an ammunition storage room?

M4A1: Should I continue pursuing him? Or should I leave him be and head for the control room...?

After pausing for a moment, she hears a ping of metal.

Suddenly, M4's vision is obscured by dense smoke.

M4A1: A smoke grenade.

M4A1: Is he insane? I still have thermal imaging, but what can a human see?

M4 activates her thermal vision. Although the limitations of her IR sensors cut off parts of her peripheral vision, her sight immediately clears up. Now, M4 has the advantage in a firefight.

M4A1 stays on guard against various shooting angles as she tries to determine the enemy's hiding place, maintaining her caution as she moves.

The interior of the storeroom is so unsettlingly quiet. M4 dares not relax. That soldier could be hiding anywhere.

M4A1: —!

Something breaks the silence — it is an oil drum flying through the air.

M4 immediately realizes the enemy's intentions and does not shoot at the barrel. However, petrol spills out of the container as it flies past and drenches M4.

And before M4 can make her next move...

Foom — a blinding light instantaneously fills her vision, which has been set to thermal imaging mode.

M4A1: He threw a flashbang? But there's no point in blinding me briefly; I can still compute his—

M4A1: No...so that's what he's up to!

On top of blinding M4, the intense light also ignites the petrol that drenches her.

A vortex of flame engulfs M4 in an instant...and M4's body is set ablaze.

M4A1: Ah—!

The flames spread to the crates. The entire room is on fire.

Team Leader: I'll admit you've got good specs...but humans will never lose to Dolls!

The team leader takes advantage of M4's disorientation and runs to the control room.

He takes the sole opening he can find and runs inside, his gaping wound dyeing his uniform red.

Yet, that is not even the most horrific thing...

In order to gain speed, this soldier strips off all his gear and runs wildly through this base located deep in a Red Zone. He can already feel agonizing ruptures in his lungs as they slowly crystallize from the radiation.

Team Leader: Quartz to Terra, I've reached the objective. Terra...

Team Leader: Captain Yegor...please give me the coordinates...

Having exchanged fire with those Dolls, he has come to realize that these Dolls possess battle prowess that far surpasses his expectations.

Thus, getting to the control room first is his only chance to get off a shot.

If these pre-WW3 weapons had not been upgraded, it would be impossible for a single man to operate them... However, this soldier gives thanks to the improvements in automation, to mankind's technological advances...

Now, he can handle this by himself if it's just a matter of firing the coastal artillery weaponry.

Gears start turning heavily as the coastal defense cannon begins adjusting its firing angle.

The automatic loader feeds a heavy shell from the previous generation of weaponry into the gun's chamber.

Then, the soldier grips the control lever tightly...

But at that moment, the sound of heavy footsteps comes from the doorway.

With great difficulty, M4 has dragged her badly-scorched body here, using her gun as a crutch.

The instant she spots her target, she moves both her arms and quickly raises her gun.

M4A1: The Commander...and everyone else...are still counting on us...

Team Leader: ...Govno.

M4 grits her teeth against the pain of the burns and immediately opens fire.

The time that a Doll takes to aim and fire can be measured in milliseconds.

Even though her body has been mutilated by flames, there is no way she can miss.

Bangbangbang—

Team Leader: —!

M4's bullets travel faster than the man can pull down the firing lever.

Her bullets pulverize his right hand, which grips the lever, his arm, and his shoulder.

However...the human does not fall. Instead, he throws his body at the control lever.

Bangbangbang—

If she opens fire at his head, his corpse will still pull the lever down... M4 immediately adjusts her aim again.

After changing her angle, M4's semi-automatic rifle spits fire once more. The three rounds pierce his chest, his knee, and his remaining left hand.

However, the soldier still refuses to die. Despite the impact of the bullets, the direction in which he body collapses remains the same.

Team Leader: Captain! The rest is up to you!

Drawing on his last strength, the soldier rests his body weight on the lever and finally presses it down—

Kaboom!

The thunderous discharge briefly overloads her hearing system.

When the echoes have faded, the soldier, having completed his mission, now lies in a pool of blood.

Yegor: Gauge reads 475. Adjust right 0, 75.

Yegor: Quartz, please acknowledge... Understood. Terra out.

Yegor hangs up the radio.

Yegor: Don't worry. I'll be following you shortly.

The shell from the coastal defense artillery gun sails past, smashing through the quarantine wall before penetrating the train's shield. A massive explosion erupts at the barrier gate.

Yegor: Comrades! Our friends on the frontline have completed their mission, and the enemy armored train has been destroyed!

Yegor: The final threat has been eliminated! There are no more obstacles to our victory.

Yegor: I now announce an order from the Special Operations Command!

Yegor: All units, commence an all-out attack, and exterminate Griffin!

Soldiers: Ураaaaaaaa!
Part 7: Vacuum Tube

7

...Inside the base.

UMP45: The route DEFY gave us looks fine. They seem to have avoided the defense installations on their way in. I'm going to contact the Commander to report on our progress.

UMP45 gestures for Squad 404 to take a short break and sort themselves out.

UMP45: Commander, Squad 404 has successfully entered the base and we are now searching for Ange.

UMP45: Do you hear me, Commander?

Commander: 4...what...

Boom — an explosion thunders forth from the distance.

The lights in the base all die instantly, leaving only the dim emergency lighting. The transmission also gets cut off abruptly.

UMP45: The line suddenly went down...

416: Was it because of that explosion just now? ...What if the Commander's...?

Gr G11: Then-then what should we do?!

UMP9: Don't scare Gr G11, the Commander wouldn't have bought the farm so easily.

UMP45: The Commander has the AR Team, and it's not like we can do anything to help from this far away.

UMP45: Let's stick to the plan and look for Ange.

416: There are so many rooms in here. By the time we find her, S.F. will probably have found that whatchamacallit that'll let them take over the world.

Gr G11: It sounds just like an episode out of "The Flying Dead"...

UMP45 turns over the few Doll corpses she finds nearby. They're all severely damaged S.F. Dolls.

UMP45: Mastermind may or may not be able to take control of the base, but at least not many S.F. forces will survive until then.

Squad 404 let their eyes wander. Sangvis corpses litter the ground, stretching all the way into the darkness.

416: ...

UMP9: You look really pale, Gr G11...

UMP45: Stay cautious. The enemy could cause this kind of damage to Sangvis Ferri, and they're still hiding in the darkness.

Squad 404 silently work their way through the pitch-dark base.

After a quick scan on their surroundings, they come to a halt once again.

UMP9: These rooms are all locked, 45...

UMP45: It isn't just the rooms. Every sector is individually sealed. That last explosion caused the power supply to trip.

UMP45: It looks like we'll have to find the control room to turn the power back on again.

UMP9: The power room isn't too far in. Fortunately we have the map from Miss Dandelion.

UMP45: You can sing her praises after we get out of here alive.

10 minutes later, on the way to the power room.

416: Those damn Sangvis scum gave us a hard time when they were alive and they still block our way even in death.

Gr G11: (Whimpers) I'm not the one blocking your way, don't take it out on me...

UMP45: Something doesn't feel right about all this. I think we're being watched.

UMP9: ...Is it whoever wrecked Sangvis Ferri?

UMP45: I'm not sure, but I don't think so.

UMP45: Because I can feel this presence from all around us...

416: You mean the Sangvis corpses all over the ground are staring at us?

Gr G11: A-are they zombies?!

UMP9: Honestly, Gr G11, you've watched too many—

UMP9: UWAAAAAHHH!

The Sangvis remains lying on the ground slowly get to their feet, plodding towards 404 and surrounding them like a thick wall.

416: Get ready for battle, Gr G11. And shut that jinxed mouth of yours!

Squad 404 is on full alert, ready to fire at any time.

However, the Sangvis corpses that have risen again do not move any further...

UMP45: ...

Gr G11: Are they waiting for the Zombie King...?

The back of the encirclement suddenly begins to thin out slowly, opening a path for 404.

After that, they hear a voice that is both familiar and unfamiliar at the same time.

???: Turn back. If you proceed any further, you will step into a hell that you should not have entered.

UMP45: Looks like the main culprit behind Sangvis Ferri's decapitation has shown itself.

UMP45: Why did you turn up in person so early? Or have you run out of underlings to use?

???: S.F. have never been my underlings. Right now, they are nothing but useless scrap.

UMP45: So you've finally revealed yourself, huh...

UMP9: Everyone, be careful, it's a hacking attack!

UMP45: Looks like whoever we're dealing with is going to have us join all these S.F. corpses...

UMP45: Tsk, even closing our ports can't deter the attack...?

416: Humph...I knew I'd run into you here, Arschloch. Looks like I didn't come all this way for nothing.

Gr G11: W...w...what are you all saying...? Why can't I hear anything?!

???: You haven't crashed?

???: It seems you all have grown a great deal since the last time we met.

UMP45: I'm guessing your aim is the same as ours. In that case, don't block our path.

UMP45: I've read your report. Everything you've done suggests that you're not fighting for Sangvis Ferri.

???: Our respective circumstances are different. How could you possibly know my true objective?

???: I've forsaken everything to get to where I am now, and yet here you are as well, bringing everything you value in tow. One misstep and you'll lose it all.

???: You already bear the heavy burden of a late friend's soul; can you shoulder the weight of the other three members of 404 on top of that?

???: Go back. This boat leads to the underworld, and it cannot carry you.

UMP45: Don't you worry about 404. You couldn't stand in my way before, and you can't stand in my way now, M16.

M16A1: You really are as stubborn as ever.

UMP45: And you're as self-centered as ever too.

M16A1: Humph... I thought you'd refuse.

M16A1: Therefore, I went out of my way to bring a guest along.

M16A1: Maybe she'll manage to talk you around. After all, she taught you everything you knew.

A Doll steps out of the depths of UMP45's neural cloud. Her long gray hair swishes, revealing a face that looks extremely similar to UMP45's.

UMP45: ...You!

M16A1: Oh? Such large fluctuations in your neural cloud signal can be fatal at a time like this.

M16A1: Sleep well, and hopefully you'll never wake up...

A massive wave of data suddenly crashes into UMP45's neural cloud, swiftly dragging her consciousness away from the surface level.

UMP45: Dammit...

UMP45: Are you trying to lock me in the depths of my neural cloud...

UMP45: She's still...in there...

UMP40: Oh, hi there, newbie!

UMP40: Haha, cut out the formality. Come sit down!

UMP40: I promise that everything will change some day...

UMP40: Raise your weapon, UMP45.

UMP40: Don't pity yourself. That's only for losers!

UMP40: Go on. The time has come to rewrite our fate.

UMP9: 45! Are you alright?

UMP9: Your barriers were nearly breached just now!

UMP45: I'm okay... Good thing I was prepared.

M16A1: So you didn't end up drowning in the depths of your base layer. Have you already learned to let go...?

UMP45: Let go? I have never once thought of letting go.

UMP45: The past might be a burden to you, but to me it's the lifeline that pulled me out of the water.

M16A1: It looks like you've steeled yourself to pass through this place while bearing all those burdens.

M16A1: Traveling through the fringes of hell is like crossing a swamp without help. Only a sinner who has abandoned everything will be able to touch the gateway leading to the truth.

M16A1: Considering you now bear a threefold burden, can you still find salvation?

416: Who's a burden?!

416: We haven't settled our score yet, M16!

UMP9: I'll follow 45 to the bitter end, no matter where it takes me!

Gr G11: Hm? Oh, that's right!

UMP45: Well, they've gone and answered on my behalf. Maybe that's the annoying thing about this "burden".

M16A1: I thought you of all people would understand, but it would seem I overestimated you.

M16A1: What a shame. I wanted to resolve the grudge between us in person.

M16A1: Now, all I can do is ask... Do you have any last words?

UMP45: Get ready to fight!

M16A1: In that case, go to hell while carrying your burden.

With a command from M16, the Sangvis corpses that have been standing inanimately suddenly start twitching, then they all lunge viciously at Squad 404.

UMP45: Cover me, Gr G11! Follow me!

416: Time to work hard, Gr G11. You summoned all these zombies, so if you don't take them all out, I'll burn your entire collection when we go back!

Gr G11: I got it, I got it... Now die!

UMP9: 45, behind you!

UMP45: Dammit, there's just too many of these corpses!

UMP45: Retreat to the previous entrance!

UMP45's voice is drowned out by the intense gunfire, and 416 and Gr G11 give no response.

UMP45: 416! Can you hear me?

UMP45 looks back, but there's no sign of 416 or Gr G11 behind her.

UMP45: Hm? ...9? 416? Gr G11?

UMP9: 45, what are you saying?

UMP9: I can't hear you!

UMP9's voice seems to be coming from far away.

Black seawater surges up from beneath UMP45's feet and engulfs her neural cloud. Both friends and foes seem to be drifting further and further away from her.

UMP45: Dammit... I got careless... The electronic attack never stopped...

UMP9: 45...hear...me!

UMP9: 416...hurry...drag 4... out...!
Part 8: Accelerator

8

-

UMP45: ...

UMP45: I didn't notice that I was dragged into my neural cloud base layer. Kinda makes me a failure as an electronic warfare Doll, doesn't it?

UMP45 looks around in search for any clues as to where this place is.

When the false light of cyberspace turns on, all she sees before her is a familiar electronic hatch.

UMP45: Talk about uncreative...

UMP45: So I'll have to walk out of a maze, the same way M4A1 did?

UMP45: How...clichéd.

Without any hesitation, UMP45 walks towards the electronic hatch.

Her senses are assaulted by the roar of steam, the grinding of gears, the smell of gun smoke, and an ache in her index finger.

UMP45 knows that this is the interior of the main factory of Sangvis Ferri Industries on the day of Operation Butterfly.

UMP45: What a bad memory... I know what you're trying to do, M16.

UMP45: But these tricks won't hold me. Even if you put me through this ten thousand times, I can still walk out of it.

The events before her begin to flow in reverse, and as her memories wind back, the feeling of familiarity gradually vanishes.

???: Therefore, you must live, no matter what.

UMP45: It's only me from back then... It's only me from back then...

???: Even T-Dolls have a reason to live for their own sake.

UMP45: Don't be afraid... You can do it...

UMP45: You've already changed! UMP45!

As the rewind comes to an end and the last ray of light grows dim, darkness swallows UMP45's consciousness, and her memories begin unfolding again.

???: Not for anyone. YOUR own sake.

On the day of Operation Butterfly, within the Sangvis Ferri factory.

Human Officer: Squad 3 has the main hall under control. Squad 7, circle around through the back door and prepare to break into the target room!

Griffin's well-trained elite T-Dolls burst into the room from the side with practiced ease, and the battle was over in an instant.

UMP45 observed everything happening inside the objective room through the security cameras. She had seen many exercises before, but she was still awed by the speed of the elite Dolls' reflexes.

Griffin Doll A: Squad 3 and Squad 7 have reached the target room!

Griffin Doll B: Target spotted! Target spotted! Hands in the air!

Wobbling circles of torchlight overlapped on the body of a scrawny man.

Lyco: ...

Human Officer: Mr. Lyco, please take your hands off the keyboard. I don't want to be rough.

Lyco: Breaking into a private research lab without permission and sabotaging valuable instruments is plenty rude enough.

Lyco: At least tell me who sent you.

Human Officer: I am Second Lieutenant Sergei of the Soviet Ministry of Internal Affairs. I am arresting you by order of the Central People's Committee.

Lyco: ...

Lyco: I understand. Please make sure you take care of my research material appropriately after this.

Human Officer: We will. That will not be a problem, as long as you cooperate. You might even be allowed to continue your research.

Lyco: I hope so.

???: Execute Order 61.

UMP45: What's that noise? This isn't our frequency...

UMP40: 45, I told you, keep quiet.

UMP45 eyed UMP40 suspiciously as she activated an unfamiliar module.

UMP45: This module is... Hey, what are you doing, 40?!

UMP40 did not answer. She simply fixed her gaze on the progress bar.

Human Officer: Squads 7 and 14, you will be accompanying Mr. Lyco.

Human Officer: Squad 3, stay behind and help me collect the material. This way please, Mr. Lyco. These Dolls will escort you out.

Griffin Doll A: Support team, prepare to evacuate. We're extracting the target.

Griffin Doll A: Start moving to the evac point. Watch your corners.

UMP45 and UMP40 left the room. Lyco followed the Griffin teams out of the room, his hands on the back of his head.

However, an alarm went off the moment they started going down the stairs.

Griffin Doll B: What the hell? The machines started up by themselves! An alarm? Was the operation exposed?

Griffin Doll A: The target has escaped our restraint! Damn it, after him!

UMP45 could hear Dolls shouting from behind her. She wanted to turn around and look, but UMP40 pinned her to the ground underneath her.

A second later, the sound of heavy gunfire erupted from all around them.

Griffin Doll C: Unable to pursue, we got ambushed! Two Dolls are hit! We're being suppressed!

Griffin Doll C: Entrances 13D, 15D, and 28A are sealed off! Support team, what the hell are you doing?! Squad 8 reporting Sangvis T-Dolls sighted on our flank! They're opening fire on us!

Chaotic gunshots and the screams of Dolls resounded in the air.

All this happened too fast for UMP45 to react, and all she could do was tremble in UMP40's arms.

Griffin Doll B: Wait! Our own Dolls are shooting at us! What the hell?!

Griffin Doll B: Stay away! Stop! Ahhhhhhhh!

Griffin Doll A: We've lost contact with Squad 6! No good, we've lost contact with Squad 3 as well! What the hell's going on? HQ, do we have permission to return fire?

Griffin Doll A: No good, communications are completely cut off! Damn it to hell, was this a trap?! Attention to all teams, eliminate all threats and commence evacuation! The operation has failed!

UMP45: What's going on? What just happened?!

UMP45: The monitor's filled with red dots and the data stream is reversing!

UMP45: I can't track our allies' signals anymore! I can't remain in the network any longer!

UMP45: 40! Can you hear me? Outside...it's already...!

UMP40: 45, stay still and listen to me.

UMP40: Listen to me if you want to live.

After who knows how long, the sound of gunfire finally ceased, and the remaining red dot on the security monitor had traveled far away.

UMP40 stood up as though nothing had happened and extended a hand to 45.

UMP40: If we go down this duct, we'll end up very close to the exit. I've already hacked all the S.F. automated defenses.

UMP40: There's three more gates before the evacuation point. We might be able to open them if we force a connection.

UMP45: 40... What on earth...

UMP45 looked around.

The bloody, frantic footprints vanished at the end of the corridor. The remains of Griffin Dolls were everywhere, as well as shell casings and debris...

A battle had just taken place here.

UMP40: Now's not the time for chitchat. We need to get out of here quickly. Once the factory begins automated production...

UMP45: ...Huh?!

UMP45: Footsteps? Are they Dolls retreating in our direction?

UMP40: Get down!!

Several Griffin Dolls with unidentifiable signals came into view.

....Bangbangbang!

UMP40: Move! Hurry! Don't let them pin you down!

UMP45: What happened? Aren't they our people?!

UMP40: Not anymore!

UMP40: And they...will never be again...

UMP40: We have no choice but to shoot back!

UMP45: Dammit!

The flow of time began to lose importance. Her initial shock and helplessness, the uneasiness as she came to realize the truth, the anger when she learned that she had been betrayed... All these feelings blended together and finally erupted from the flames.

UMP45 can't even remember what she said back then, or what 40's reply was.

Nor can she remember who those Dolls were - their faces were riddled with holes and their bodies shot to bits.

The only things that struck her clearly were the way her index finger ached from squeezing her trigger so tightly...and the choking stench of gun smoke.

This surreal detachment persisted until every last Doll had fallen before her.

UMP40: (Pants heavily)

UMP40: We don't have much time left. I'm sure...

UMP40: "She" must be awake by now.

UMP40's words roused UMP45 from her confusion.

She couldn't tell where the repetitive sound of colliding metal was coming from.

Right after that, there was a thunk — the gate had been sealed shut.

UMP45: The main gate's been locked? Who's taken control of the systems in here?

UMP40: In the end, we didn't make in time, huh...

UMP40: The song is playing. Now then, 45. Time to choose.

UMP45: Choose? ...Choose what?

UMP40: UMP45, do you want to die here?

UMP40: Die like the Dolls we just killed?

UMP40: Or do you want to leave here alive and escape your fate of being a puppet?

UMP45: I...

UMP45 looked helplessly at UMP40, and at the reflected image of herself in her eyes.

UMP40: Everything will get better! Believe in me!

UMP40: This is the first step to taking action. Do this!

UMP45: Huh? What's this?

UMP40: Give my fist a bump. There, that's a promise.

UMP40: Trust me, and I promise...

UMP40: I promise that everything will change some day...

UMP40: UMP45, Don't pity yourself. That's only for losers!

UMP45 slowly relaxed her clenched fists, then she raised the muzzle of her gun.
Part 9: Spectrometer

9

...At the makeshift defensive position in front of the shore gun turret.

RO635: M4! M4!

RO635: Wake up!

M4A1: ...I... What happened?

RO635: Your body overheated and crashed.

RO635: Now get up, the enemy's preparing for another charge.

M4A1: Ugh... I messed up, I can't believe I actually let them get a shot off.

M4A1: Dandelion, what's the current situation?

M4A1: Dandelion?

RO635: That shot just now was probably targeted at the armored train, where the Commander was...

M4A1: The Commander...the Commander will be fine!

M4A1: Let's take the control room! We'll still be in time to provide fire support!

M4 shoves the soldier's corpse off the control panel and raises her gun again.

System: Firing order received. Adjusting coordinates... Adjustment failed... Commencing diagnosis.

System: Warning, control interface has been locked down. Ammunition loading process has been interrupted.

M4A1: What the hell?!

ST AR-15: They're breaking through the lower levels, M4! I can't hold them back anymore! Are you still in there?!

RO635: The ammunition feed system has been shut down. The Military probably took over the magazine.

RO635: Leader, how should we proceed?

M4A1: Proceed... Proceed...

M4's neural cloud goes blank.

M4A1: The probability of taking back the magazine with the Dolls on hand...is practically zero. But we have to do it...

M4A1: But the Commander isn't here... I shouldn't fight this battle that I'm almost certain to lose... I need to do it...

M4A1: We proceed by...

Dandelion: There is still something you can do.

M4A1: Dandelion!

M4A1: What were the casualties from that last shot? How about the Commander?

Dandelion: The armored train was hit. The Commander and the echelons made it into the quarantine wall, but they didn't get out of the blast radius in time. Current casualty status is unknown.

M4A1: Thank goodness it wasn't a direct hit...

Dandelion: Why thank you, I'm doing quite fine myself.

Dandelion: Your mission is not completely doomed yet. If you take control of the coastal defense artillery and destroy the Military trains, we have a shot at turning this around.

M4A1: We're being pinned down by Military infantry, and they hold the magazine.

Dandelion: There are Sangvis Ferri units scattered around the coastal gun. I am attempting to hack them to provide support.

M4A1: Sangvis Ferri? What are they doing there?

Dandelion: Unclear. However, I can direct them to attack the Military. That might give you a chance.

M4A1: How confident are you about this?

Dandelion: Our chances are about 50/50. For some reason, these S.F. are not under the control of their superiors, so I know for sure that I can hack them.

Dandelion: However, I lack the processing power to directly control their movements. All I can do is set them loose to attack autonomously.

Dandelion: I cannot guarantee how helpful they will be to you.

M4A1: That's good enough.

M4A1: Dandelion, help me plot another route out of this room.

M4A1: I'm going to let the Military seize this position, then corner them with the Sangvis forces. That's how we'll counterattack and take this place back...

Dandelion: A moment, please.

RO635: Are you sure about this? If S.F. attacks us, I'm not sure if I can get you out of here in your current state.

M4A1: At times like this, we have no choice but to place our hopes on a gamble. We NEED to take the coastal defense cannon.

M4A1: If the Commander is still around, this cannon will buy time for Griffin, and we'll have the chance to rally and regroup.

M4A1: If something has happened to the Commander...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...Then taking the cannon and destroying as many Military units as we can is the last thing we can do for the Commander.

RO635: I'm with you.

Dandelion: I've finished hacking the S.F. units. They're approaching you now.

Dandelion: Best of luck for what comes next.

M4A1: Acknowledged.

M4A1: Get ready!

As they see the Dolls approach, the Military troops immediately lay down a ferocious barrage of suppressive fire.

The Dolls instantly become the targets of a hail of bullets and shells.

M4A1: Now! 15, SOP-II, follow the plan I just synced to you!

ST AR-15: Got it!

ST AR-15: But enemy fire is too heavy, you go first!

RO635: SOP-II, cover us!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahaha, alright! Watch as I scrap them all!

M4A1: Don't get too caught up in fighting, SOP-II! Stay with us! SOP-II!

As he watches the Dolls attempt their escape, a desperate soldier charges out of his cover.

Soldier: Go to hell, you tin cans!

His words are cut off abruptly.

A flash of red streaks past him, and the severed halves of the soldier's body fall into the mud before he can fully emerge from the bunker.

A familiar figure towers above the corpse, throwing off the blood that stains her long blade with a flick of the wrist.

Executioner: The destruction of my comrades will be paid for in human lives!

Executioner: Sangvis Ferri Industries! CHARGE!

The S.F. units charge into the Military's fire, seemingly oblivious to the presence of the AR Team.

RO635: It's really as Dandelion said...

M4A1: No time to be surprised! We'll circle around these infantry and take the magazine back!
Part 10: Analyzer

    10chevron_right

The S.F. reinforcements throw the Military infantry into disarray, and the AR Team's assault soon crushes the defenders holding the magazine.

The bunker's perimeter is stacked high with the corpses of Sangvis and Military forces.

ST AR-15: The Sangvis troops are engaging the Military's armored units. They won't be able to hold out for long.

M4A1: This is our only chance to regain control of the shore gun.

M4A1: ...I really didn't expect the day to come when I'd be working together with Executioner.

RO635: This is just strange. If it wasn't for those S.F. Dolls taking most of the fire for us, we'd be the ones lying dead here.

RO635: Still, what's with those S.F. Dolls?

M4A1: Something must have happened before we entered the base.

M4A1: But we still have a mission to complete.

M4A1: We can't concern ourselves with S.F.'s survival for the time being.

RO635: Indeed.

M4A1: SOP-II, RO, go secure the shell feed passage. 15, come with me to take control of the turret.

ST AR-15: Got it.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the battlefield.

Executioner: Come! Come! Come, humans!

Executioner: Come and pay the price for what you've done! Give Destroyer back to me!

The remaining Sangvis forces are still engaged with the Military units.

However, the number of S.F. units around Executioner have greatly dwindled in number from when they first launched their assault.

As for Executioner herself, she doesn't seem to have noticed.

Though her body is riddled with bullet holes, she has no intention of stopping.

She remains at the forefront of her troops, swinging her weapon.

Officer: She's in range! Tanks, destroy her!

Vehicle Officer: Beginning attack!

Boom!

Executioner: Aaaaaaargh!

The smoke of the explosion consumes her body. Her favored weapon falls to the side.

The Sangvis units did not expect such a ferocious attack, much less that Executioner would fall.

It lasts for only a moment, but their advance falters. And that is fatal on the battlefield.

Officer: Immediate counterattack! All reserve units, flank and surround them! Let none survive!

As the Military automatons rush out of cover in a counter-charge, the Sangvis units who have stopped in place look like they're about to turn tail and run.

Executioner: What the hell are you standing around for? Get them!

There is a howl of fury, and the impending rout does not occur.

After the smoke clears, Executioner remains standing, gripping her only weapon in her right hand.

Executioner: (Coughs) Damn humans, did you think that was enough to kill me?

Executioner: I didn't even feel that! Bring it on!

With that, Executioner unleashes her wrath on her attackers.

Officer: IFVs! Turn! Cover fire!

The Military's leadership leaves no openings for their opposition to exploit.

Executioner: Get back here! ...Dammit! My body's not responding to me.

Executioner: Damn humans, not too shabby, are you?

The vehicle autocannons do not score a direct hit on her.

Still, their explosive rounds nearly shred Executioner to bits, and even her sword-wielding hand is now in tatters.

Executioner: This is as far as I can go, huh...

Although Executioner is doing her best to hold the line, the S.F. forces are visibly crumbling.

She knows she doesn't have much time left, and that the Military will finish their encirclement.

Executioner throws down her gun and picks up her sword.

Executioner: All remaining units, listen up. When I charge...all of you retreat...

Bangbangbang, bangbangbang—

Before she can finish, the sound of heavy gunfire suddenly comes from the side.

The enemy forces trying to flank her seems to have run into something.

Executioner: What's going on?

???: You're planning to make a suicide charge? Giving up like that isn't like you at all.

The reply isn't from one of Executioner's units, but another familiar voice.

Executioner: Hunter?

Hunter: What, disappointed that it's me?

Hunter: This time, I'm the one to rescue you. Sangvis Ferri Industries, cover Executioner as she retreats!

Executioner: No! I can't go, I still have to carry out Mastermind's orders, and I haven't found Destroyer yet... Mastermind's orders must be executed!

Hunter: There ARE no orders from Mastermind!

Hunter: Take a good look at the base layer of your neural cloud! Mastermind has forfeited all her command authorizations.

Hunter: Our "orders" are just something that someone is using to deceive us!

Executioner: What? How could this be? Then what about Sangvis Ferri? What about Agent?

Hunter: Who knows? Does it even matter at this point?

Hunter: Perhaps she abandoned us.

Hunter: But this is just like what the guy who made us said...

Hunter: "A child is only free when they leave their parents."

Hunter: And now, Sangvis Ferri is truly free.

Executioner: ...Alright, then. What happened to Destroyer?

Hunter: She probably ran into that lot in black. However, Dreamer is long gone.

Hunter: Still, I doubt we need to worry. Those two pipsqueaks haven't seen the last of each other yet.

Executioner: Then...what should we do now?

Hunter: Teach these stuck-up humans a lesson, then live on together.

Executioner: Good... I like that idea.

Hunter: Let's go, Executioner! I'll cover you!

Executioner: Time for a real bash then!

An hour ago, in the vicinity of the shore artillery battery.

A very short Doll looks out at the vast quantities of Sangvis remains.

???: You really are a lucky little puppy.

???: I guess that's a perk of being an idiot.

She has not gone out of her way to look for the person with whom she has lost contact.

And she certainly has no intention of obeying the malicious order given by that traitor — "commit suicide".

Still, whether by a cruel twist of fate or something else...

She, Sangvis Ferri's newest, most advanced Doll — Dreamer — now finds herself standing pensively next to Destroyer's motionless body.

Dreamer: You had always been an idiot from the moment you were created alongside me.

Dreamer: I never understood why Lyco made you. Maybe he wanted a clown to liven things up.

Dreamer: And in truth, you were an excellent toy.

Dreamer grips Destroyer by the chin, studying the dried tears beneath her eyes.

Dreamer: You always did as I ordered, and if anything happened, I could simply leave you for dead.

Dreamer: After all, no matter how much you hated me in your final moments, you would always be an obedient little puppy when you woke up again.

Dreamer: If Agent hadn't installed a protective cipher in you, there'd be no way of telling how many times you had died at my hands.

A mocking smile spreads across Dreamer's face, as though she has recalled something amusing.

Dreamer: Speaking of Agent, she's currently running around gathering the Sangvis forces that Elisa abandoned.

Dreamer: She's even gone so far as to ignore the risks of exposing herself, begging for a response on S.F. channels over and over again.

Dreamer: This is the first time I've seen her in such a state of panic...

The clouds quietly gather overhead. The air grows moist, and big, heavy drops of rain start to fall.

Dreamer: Well, there is nobody to protect you anymore.

Dreamer: The only one left standing before you is me, the one who's betrayed you countless times.

Dreamer: If I just fire one little shot into your neural cloud, there will never be another stupid Doll like you in this world again.

Dreamer: I've never told you before, but I hate you. Do you know why?

Dreamer: Because we were developed from the same model; an old, defect-riddled multi-purpose model.

Dreamer: SF/DSB1-0138 and 0139, Dual-Track DSI-8, codename "Мрия".

Dreamer presses the muzzle of her gun to Destroyer's head.

Dreamer: And to think you're actually my elder sister? Lyco even gave you a name, Maria.

Dreamer: Your very existence was my biggest bane.

Dreamer: Alright then, for the sake of fairness, I'll let you off if you answer this one question.

Dreamer: So tell me, stupid big sister - what is the point of our existence as Sangvis Dolls?

A drop of rainwater runs down Destroyer's face, as though it were an answer.

Dreamer: Hahaha, well, it figures. Why would an idiot think about such things?

Dreamer: An idiot should just be a good idiot, nothing more...

Dreamer: Just be the idiot who forgets everything after they're reformatted...

Dreamer: Yes, that's all they should be...

Dreamer's gun clatters on the ground.

As the cold rain falls, Dreamer and Destroyer vanish into the downpour.

UMP40: Go on. The time has come to rewrite our fate.

...

...

UMP45: ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

Bang—

The memento from UMP40 dug painfully into her palm as UMP45 gripped it tight while heading for the exit.

The main door wasn't far off, and if she could leave through there, she would survive. That was her only hope.

Griffin Doll A: I thought...there wouldn't be any more survivors.

A familiar figure leaned against the wall, seemingly in a great deal of pain. She was blocking the only passage that UMP45 could take to the main gate.

This was the leader of Squad 7, a Doll that UMP45 had seen before — M16.

UMP45: You recognize me?

M16A1: What do you think?

UMP45: I don't know. There's S.F. everywhere. There are too many enemies and I don't even know what happened.

No, the truth was that she knew very well what had happened.

This was the first time UMP45 had ever lied, but it could not feel any more natural to her.

M16A1: Well, I'm in a pretty sorry state myself. So, can you open this door, member of Support Team 14?

UMP45: I believe I can.

45 walked up to the door terminal. UMP40 had told her that she could open it by forcing a connection.

Hopefully, it hadn't been locked down yet.

After a fairly brief procedure, the door opened with some ear-splitting noise.

UMP45: Alright, ready to go?

M16A1: Thanks, I guess I was luck...

M16 suddenly stopped talking, and her gaze slowly turned ice-cold.

It was just a small detail, but it was definitely unnatural.

There was no way of explaining it.

M16A1: Say, where's that Doll you're always following around? Her name is UMP40, right?

UMP45 squeezed the dog tags in her hand tightly and answered in a calm, even tone.

UMP45: She died.

M16A1: So why isn't there even a single scratch on you?

UMP45 paused for less than a second, but that was all the answer M16 needed.

Both their guns fired at once, and as bullets spewed forth, both Dolls dove for cover.

UMP45 inspected her body. She had taken several hits, but she could still move.

UMP45: Her radio kept me from taking a critical wound.

UMP45: You're always saving me, 40.

M16A1: The answer is simple, then. It was you, wasn't it?

M16A1: The alarms, the Sangvis forces, the escape of the target...

M16A1: Come out and surrender. As a comrade, I'll make it quick and clean.

Yes, she's completely right.

Yes, she ought to take responsibility for this.

Yes, she should have died.

M16A1: Don't even try to put up a fight. I'm sure you know what your odds are, given your specs.

UMP45: The only thing I know...is "what's right". That's all...

UMP45: But I need to make it out of here today, no matter what.

UMP45: I must survive, no matter the cost!

Bangbangbang—

Bangbangbang—

UMP45 dove from one piece of cover to another, clearly struggling. The onslaught of M16's bullets left no room for her to return fire.

Worse, she had already expended most of her ammunition in the previous battle.

She needed to move. M16 was right — given UMP45's specs, she stood no chance at all in a fight against the elite.

All she could do was rely on her speed to shake off this veteran Doll.

Getting past her was impossible, so her only option was to return to the base and find another exit.

M16A1: Come to your senses! There's no way you can escape!

UMP45: No wonder you made it. You're right, there's an overwhelming difference between us.

UMP45: But I must live. I, too, have a reason to survive!

M16A1: You can go to hell with your reason, traitor!

UMP9: This should work!

UMP45: Urgh! No, I have to... I have to...

UMP45: ...9?

UMP9: You know who I am?

UMP9: Thank goodness! Guys! I pulled 45's mind back!

Having regained consciousness, UMP45 finds herself lying on the ground. The other members of Squad 404 have their backs to her as they keep a lookout.

She can't see any S.F. around, nor can she hear M16's irritating voice.

UMP45: Looks like there's nothing left for me to do.

Gr G11: Ah, the hag's awake!

416: You did that on purpose, didn't you?!

416: Passing out before the fighting starts and conveniently "waking up" once the fighting's done?

416: Well, still kicking, are we?

Taking the hand offered by her teammate, UMP45 pulls herself up to her feet.

UMP45: I had a nightmare that was interrupted halfway.

UMP45: How are things?

416: After we took down that batch of S.F., 9 did a scan and picked up some traces of Intruder.

416: We suspect she was used by M16 as a relay node for the hacking attack against you.

UMP9: Yes...we tried to give chase, but she seemed very familiar with the terrain here. Plus, you were in a bad state, so we didn't press on with the pursuit.

UMP9: That said, I can still follow her signal. Want to go after her?

UMP45: M16's little trick might be a disaster waiting to happen. We can't just ignore it.

UMP45: Plus, that Sangvis ringleader might know something about DEFY.

416: I knew you'd say that.

UMP9: Still, you might get hacked again if you got close to Intruder, 45...

UMP45: She really is obsessed, isn't she? If only she could direct that passion onto her sister.

416: After all, you ARE the only one here with a command module. Taking you out would solve a problem for S.F. with a minimal expenditure of effort.

416: That's exactly her style.

UMP45: Thank you for introducing your old partner in such detail. However, we really need to move now.

416: ...Let's go.
Part 2: Enantiometer Overload II

2

Several minutes later.

416: Enough dawdling back there, Gr G11!

Gr G11: I was just thinking...the symbols on the walls looked really familiar, why are you snapping at me...

Gr G11: They just showed up, but they're getting denser the further ahead we go... Could they be a warning sign or something?

UMP9: You mean these overlapping triangles with a little dot in the center?

UMP9: I have no idea what these symbols mean...

UMP45: Well, whatever they mean, at the very least they're a sign that we're getting closer to something important.

UMP45: 9, can you still follow Intruder's position?

UMP9: I can, but most of the surrounding sectors are blocked off by gates. We won't be able to get to her position while the base's power supply is offline.

416: So do we need to turn back and find the power room?

UMP9: Nope... I think we're actually heading to the power room through a different entrance...

UMP45: What a coincidence. It's as though Intruder was deliberately guiding us there.

UMP45 looks at the darkened end of the corridor. The map indicates that the electrical control room is waiting for them just ahead.

UMP9: 45, I can detect several S.F. signals inside the power room, as well as...

UMP45: As well as what?

UMP9: As well as two Nyto-like signals...

UMP9: But they're not moving at all. They're like the Sangvis corpses we saw in the passage just now.

UMP45: Hmm... Maybe they killed each other.

UMP45: Stay alert. Spread out.

UMP45: 416, check the entrance with me.

416: No problem. The door seems to have been broken down.

UMP45: Well, whoever did it has done us a huge favor.

UMP45 and 416 gently push open the half-broken door and cautiously enter the room. They are followed by UMP9 and Gr G11, who jog in without making a sound.

Squad 404 sweeps the room from left to right. As expected, they find two black-clad Nytos standing in the power room, in the middle of a circle made out of Sangvis units.

The Nytos and S.F. Dolls are all inanimate, their heads drooping, like puppets on strings.

UMP9: This is really creepy...

416: Would you mind giving me some space, Gr G11?! I can't aim properly!

Gr G11: But...but...they look so scary...

Gr G11: What if they all move at once...!

UMP9: Shhh... Quiet... Don't jinx it!

UMP45: Did they hack each other mid-battle?

UMP45: I've never seen a situation where both sides crashed at the same time.

UMP45: Dandelion was right - there are Nytos, but they aren't armed like the ones in previous records.

UMP9: I don't see any other Paradeus autonomous units either. So it was just the Nytos fighting S.F.?

UMP45: Looks like it.

UMP45: The Nytos aren't very well-equipped either. What the hell was this base used for...?

416: What if the Nytos shut these S.F. forces down, then M16 shut them down in turn?

Gr G11: What's with this matryoshka doll situation...? I don't get it...

UMP9: 45, the backup power supply is still functional. Maybe we could try looking for DEFY through the closed-circuit system.

UMP45: Is that our only option?

UMP9: Yes. It seems the interior of this base has been signal-proofed. We can't communicate with the Commander and the others from our present position.

UMP9: That's also the reason why we won't be able to find DEFY if they're too far away, to say nothing of getting in touch with them.

UMP9: However, the closed circuit system uses the base's internal landlines, which shouldn't be affected by the signal blocking.

UMP9: Perhaps we could give it a try?

UMP45: By all means, then.

UMP9: One sec... This might take a while.

416: DEFY aside, are you sure you want to reactivate the power while we're in the middle of a pile of enemies?

UMP45: If there's no power, would you mind raising each gate by hand?

416: But what if the enemy suddenly appears and surrounds us if we restart the power?

UMP45: From what I know, you were never this paranoid before.

416: I just think this base is weird.

416: At first, I thought that this place would be heavily guarded...but everything seems to be different from what I anticipated.

UMP45: Reality often ends up going against our expectations.

UMP9: Ah, 45! I found them!

UMP9: I can see them through the closed circuit cameras, they appear to be alright!

UMP45: Can we talk to them?

UMP9: We can with this!

UMP45: The mic?

UMP9: That's right. It looks like an internal communications system for the base. It's not too secure, but we can't really be bothered about that now!

UMP45: Can't be helped then. Hello, can you hear me?

AK-12: Aha, yes, we hear you.

AK-12: Hello, this is the Military, please identify yourselves for follow-up contact.

UMP45: This is UMP45.

UMP45: If you're in the mood to crack jokes like this, you must be feeling pretty relaxed, unlike those two new teammates of yours.

AK-12: So it's UMP45.

AK-12: Looks like you've already met, which saves me the trouble of introducing them.

UMP45: I didn't think I'd have to wipe DEFY's butts twice. What a medal of honor for my career as a T-Doll.

AK-12: Well, your usual work is hardly more honorable than this. One rarely gets the chance to carry out such enjoyable missions.

UMP45: Are you disappointed? I thought you'd be dying to hear a friendly voice.

AK-12: Well, I'm kind of disappointed that you aren't the Commander, but given the urgency of the situation, I guess you'll do.

UMP45: Humph. Alright, enough nonsense.

UMP45: What's the situation inside the base? Be as brief as possible.

AK-12: We snuck into the second underground level, found Paradeus' research labs, then S.F. rushed in and all hell broke loose.

UMP45: Yeah, we noticed.

AK-12: After that, someone cut the power. Now we're stuck in a quarantine compartment on the second floor.

UMP45: Where's Ange?

AK-12: She's trapped in another area, and she's in a pretty tricky situation.

UMP45: Is she surrounded by the enemy?

AK-12: If only it were that simple. It's hard to explain.

AK-12: In any case, we need you to get us out ASAP.

UMP45: We'll restart the power, then sync you a set of coordinates where we'll meet up.

AK-12: The signal isolation on level 2 is incredibly strong and we can't really pinpoint locations.

AK-12: Come on down to level 2 and find a way to join us. It's not too big down here.

UMP45: I'll think of something.

AK-12: Oh yes, just a reminder, if you encounter any crashed S.F. or Paradeus, stay well clear of them.

AK-12: I don't know why they've shut down, but these statue impostors are easily reactivated by external stimuli.

UMP45: ...

AK-12: Then again, you've always been a squad that excels at infiltration, so it shouldn't be a problem for you.

UMP45: Stay put once the power comes back up. We'll be right over.

The communication ends.

UMP9: Er...

Gr G11: So...can I step outside the room before you restart the power?

416: Don't even think about it. Take care of the three targets on the right.

Gr G11: So many?!

UMP45: Stop wasting time. Find a good defensive position. Once the power goes back up, we'll think of a way to avoid fighting these statues. Let them continue killing each other.

UMP45 makes a hand gesture, indicating the position of the control panel.

The members of Squad 404 pick a spot close to the exit and wait for 45 to restart the power.

UMP45: (Inhales) You ready?

UMP45 studies the control panel, then resolutely throws the master power switch.

In an instant, the entire world lights up.

The shrill sound of alarms and pipe friction scrape assault 404's auditory modules, and the Nytos and Sangvis forces resume their maniacal attack on each other, like an unpaused movie.

Gr G11: Uwah—!

Gr G11: They really came back to life!

416: Cut the crap! Let's get out of here before they spot us!
Part 3: Recrystalization Resolution I

3

UMP45: Looks like they've given up on pursuing us...

416: Fortunately they were focused on attacking each other... Otherwise we'd have had a hard time shaking off that many Sangvis units.

UMP9: Why were they fighting that hard?

UMP9: As far as I can tell, the Dolls back in that room weren't even linked to the outside world.

UMP45: You mean nobody's commanding those S.F. units?

UMP9: Exactly... And those Nytos...felt like unfinished products.

UMP45: This base is pretty strange to begin with, but this isn't a problem we have to worry about. Can you still follow Intruder's signal?

UMP9: Yes, but it feels like she's keeping a fixed distance from us. What is she up to?

416: Is she trying to hack you again? Or is she luring us into a trap?

UMP45: ...There must be a reason for S.F. to be acting the way they are. If they're not a threat, we'll prioritize finding DEFY and Ange.

UMP45: Can you find a way to the next level?

UMP9: Three more quarantine compartments and we'll reach it... However, we'll run into Intruder along the way.

UMP45: Well, if she wants a fight, she'll get one.

UMP45: Squad, advance cautiously!
Part 4: Shattered Plane of Polarization I

4

This isn't the first time it has happened, but I awaken as the pain courses through me like an electrical current and drags my mind out of the darkness.

Commander: Where...am I?

I open my eyes, but I can't see anything. The thick, acrid smoke stabs through my nostrils and into my head.

The air I inhale seems to sear my lungs, and all I can feel is the rolling waves of heat around me.

Commander: Is this some kind of stress-induced blindness? ...Dammit. At least I can still hear.

???: Commander, please stay still. Regulate your breathing.

???: Come, there isn't much time.

A cool towel covers my nose, making the choking stench a lot more bearable.

Commander: Who are you?

???: One of your Dolls. Please conserve your strength.

I scramble for my thoughts in the darkness that can't be dispersed.

Commander: Oh—!

A jolt of stabbing pain helps me swiftly piece together my memories.

Commander: That noise... Was it the coastal defense artillery?

???: It was a Military high explosive shell. Can you move?

???: I'm going to help you up now. Please follow me.

My mind begins to clear. My visions still hasn't returned, but it seems my body hasn't taken critical damage...

Commander: Alright... Where are the others?

???: I'm going to exert force now. One, two, hup!

Commander: Ugh...

She doesn't answer. Instead, she focuses all her strength and energy on supporting my weight. Her scrawny shoulders are so hot they're practically on fire.

Every step forward is swift, but very careful.

???: Please walk this way. Yes, over here.

???: I'm sorry, but the fire in the carriage is too great and I couldn't get to you sooner.

???: Here, hold on to this. Now jump out. Someone will catch you.

Commander: Is there a fire? What about yourself?

???: I am fine. I will go see if anyone else can be saved.

Commander: Who are you? Tell me your name!

???: I am simply a Doll of yours.

???: The Commander's here! Catch!

The Doll behind me gives me a light shove. I fall downwards, and the sensation of weightlessness makes me uneasy.

A fraction of a second later, this agitation is soothed by countless hands taking firm hold of me.

My body moves quickly as I'm being lifted away.

Boom—

A series of terrifying explosions erupt in the direction which I just came from.

???: Move aside! Where's Kalina? The Commander has been found and requires medical treatment!

???: Commander!

Commander: That voice... Is that you, Kalina? Are you alright?

Kalina: Yes, yes... I'm okay. You can't see me?

Commander: I'm sorry, but something seems to have happened to my eyes. I can't see anything for the time being.

Kalina: I'll give you first aid right away.

Commander: Hm... How are our echelons? Who was the Doll that just rescued me?

Kalina: ...

Kalina doesn't answer. She merely tends to my wounds. I can feel her hands tremble through the gauze she's applying.

I can faintly make out the sounds of suppressed sobbing.

Commander: Kalina? Tell me.

Kalina: The train was hit by a HEAP round... It's completely destroyed now...

Kalina: The section of the quarantine wall around us was also caught in the blast. The entire room was set on fire and I was pulled out by the Dolls who rushed inside...

Kalina: You were pinned under heavy debris. Our Dolls charged into the burning room to rescue you, but several of them didn't make it back out...

Commander: ...

Kalina: Commander, have we lost?

Commander: ...

For a moment, I do not know how to answer this girl, who has always been so optimistic.

Kalina: ...It's done.

Kalina: Commander, try opening your eyes.

At Kalina's suggestion, I open my eyes again...

I am sitting on a patch of empty ground, surrounded by a group of surviving Dolls.

Many of them are scarred by shrapnel and bear severe scorch marks.

They look at me with lost and despondent eyes, as though they already know how this is all going to end, but they say nothing.

I look down and see that Kalina has the same look in her eyes.

Commander: Kalina, who was the one who rescued me just now?

Kalina: I don't know either. Too many Dolls rushed in to put out the fire.

Commander: Alright... I understand.

Commander: Where's Dandelion?

Kalina: She was trapped on the other side by the explosion.

Kalina: We can still contact her, though the connection is intermittent.

Commander: Hand me the communicator.

Commander: Dandelion, can you hear me...? Give me a quick rundown of the situation.

Dandelion: Less than 5% of our Dolls remain.

Dandelion: Are we still going to fight?

Commander: ...Yes, we'll continue to fight. All our previous plans are now unusable. Can you help me come up with a new one?

Dandelion: Griffin still has a chance of victory, even if the probability of success is less than 1%.

Commander: Tell me now.

Dandelion: Although the coastal defense artillery opened fire on our train, the AR Team has regained control of the cannon.

Dandelion: Although the Military will counterattack, we have a chance to fire one shot.

Dandelion: I need the coordinates of the enemy armored train so we can give them a taste of their own medicine.

Commander: Kalina, have DEFY go scout out the Military's position!

Kalina: Yes, Commander, right away!

Dandelion: We can no longer hold this location. Squad 404 has entered the base following DEFY's withdrawal route. I recommend we do the same.

Dandelion: After entering the base, we should destroy the entrance. Perhaps that will buy us some time.

Commander: Understood. I hope these delaying tactics will still be useful.

Dandelion: Also, there aren't many Dolls left here. I've already done a final neural cloud backup, so I believe my presence is no longer needed here.

Dandelion: From now on, I will be assisting Lunasia. Please take care, Commander.

Commander: Go, then. Make sure they come back alive.

Commander: As long as you survive...
Part 5: Recrystalization Resolution II

5

...On the other side of the battlefield.

The shore gun's mechanisms are running at full speed, and the clamor of the machinery even manages to drown out the sound of gunfire outside.

M4 frantically fiddles with the cannon's fire control systems, trying to figure out how to aim the cannon as quickly as possible.

Once the hacking is successful, she immediately attempts to establish communications with the Commander, but her only response from the channel is static.

M4A1: Dandelion, do you copy?! What's the situation now?

Dandelion: Lunasia, the Commander is still alive, but we can no longer use the quarantine wall as a line of defense.

Dandelion: Griffin's situation is critical. Are you ready to fire?

M4A1: Ready to fire anytime! How's the loading going?

ST AR-15: 15 seconds until it's done!

M4A1: Does the Commander have a plan?

Dandelion: Griffin has taken grievous losses. They are now withdrawing to the sectors within the base which 404 have already explored.

Dandelion: They desperately need fire support from you.

M4A1: Got it! We'll cover them as best as we can!

ST AR-15: M4, loading complete!

M4A1: Ready to fire! What are the coordinates?

Dandelion: I've already sent you the location of the train that DEFY found.

M4A1: Received!

M4A1: Commencing firing sequence!

The gigantic coastal defense artillery gun slowly adjusts its angle...

A thunderous cannon blast drowns out all other sound, and the mighty shockwave from the cannon's muzzle even knocks over some of the attacking soldiers.

The soldiers take advantage of the massive clouds of dust that have been thrown up to make a charge, but they are repelled by the defending AR Team again and again.

Radio: Quartz to Terra!

Radio: The enemy is firing the shore gun! Please withdraw immediately!

Radio: I repeat, please withdraw immediately!

Yegor: What?!

Adjutant: The enemy's taken control of the coastal defense gun and they're firing at—

Before the officer can finish speaking, the shell fired by the coastal artillery impacts near the armored train.

The titanic impact of the shell rocks the armored train violently.

The shockwave throws Yegor against a wall, and the ammunition and documents on the table are scattered all over the floor.

Yegor: Dammit!

Yegor: Start the train up immediately! Our shields can't stop rounds of that size!

Officer: Right away, sir!

Dandelion: The first shot was off target. The Military trains are starting to move.

M4A1: Correcting trajectory... You won't get away this time!

As the Military trains sluggishly heave themselves into motion, the second shell from the shore gun whistles past and scores a direct hit on the rearmost train.

The train continues forward on momentum, but soon a massive explosion erupts from within it. The main cannon is blasted high into the air and excavates a huge crater when it finally lands.

The train itself blazes ferociously, and burning soldiers struggle to free themselves in a frenzy.

Adjutant: Train 4 has been destroyed!

Yegor: Tsk! Proceed at full speed toward the quarantine wall and smash that pile of Griffin trash aside! All units, hit them hard!

Yegor: Destroy Griffin at all costs!

M4A1: What's the situation now?

Dandelion: The second shot hit the armored train.

M4 SOPMOD II: I saw it from here!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's just like fireworks! Boom — to kingdom come!

ST AR-15: We have enough rounds; we can keep shooting!

M4A1: Alright, we'll continue supporting the Commander!

M4A1: RO, are the enemy still trying to attack?

RO635: That's strange, the infantry attacks have tapered off...

RO635: I have a bad feeling about this...

Before long, the Dolls feel an explosion and shockwave above them.

RO635: Looks like they're thinking of destroying the cannon directly since they can't take it!

RO635: I suggest we get out of here ASAP; if the cannon comes crashing down, it might bring the whole place down along with it!

M4A1: Hold on just a little longer!

M4A1: Every shell we fire will ease the pressure on the Commander!

ST AR-15: I agree, this shore gun seems very solid. I'm sure it'll last a while longer!

Dandelion: The Military is launching an all-out attack.

Dandelion: Their vanguard has made it past the quarantine wall and they are drawing closer to the remnants of Griffin's forces.

M4A1: Adjust the cannon's firing angle, we need to buy the Commander more time to withdraw!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhhh, what a pain! It's like a piece of chewing gum in your hair; you just can't pull it off!

M4A1: RO, take SOP-II and secure our route into the base!

RO635: Got it! SOP-II, follow me!

M4A1: 15, hang in there just a little longer!

M4A1: We need to fire one more round!

ST AR-15: No problem!
Part 6: Shattered Plane of Polarization II

6

...During the evacuation of the Griffin echelons.

Commander: Hurry, everyone!

Commander: Don't get too absorbed in fighting! We can make a counterattack once we get into the base!

The Commander and the remaining Dolls make a mad dash across the open ground, and the new members of Task Force DEFY bring the comatose K with them as they join the withdrawing Dolls.

Not too far away, Military soldiers and autonomous units pour through the barrier gate. The soldiers who have already reached cover immediately begin raining fire on them.

A blast from the shore gun descends from the sky, accurately striking the leading edge of the Military's vanguard. The massive explosion flips several IFVs over and the cloud of smoke obscures the Military's field of vision.

Griffin has gained valuable time to retreat.

Dandelion: Commander, do you read me?

Dandelion: Lunasia can't hold out any longer. That shot was the final bit of help she could give you.

Commander: Understood! Thanks for the support!

Dandelion: However, that will not be enough to stop the Military. You must destroy the base entrance to delay their advance. After that, I will lead the AR Team in entering the base via another entrance to link up with you.

Commander: Got it! We'll think of a way to bring down the entrance!

Dandelion: That said, you are on a tight schedule here, and it will take you a while to plant the explosives. The Military's vanguard will not let you catch your breath. You will need a covering party to buy you time.

Commander: What...

Dandelion: I know this is a difficult choice, but you can't afford to hesitate given the present situation.

Dandelion: I have selected several Dolls who have volunteered to serve as the rear guard. The final decision is yours.

Commander: Dammit!

I know this is a necessary decision, but when the time comes to choose who will secure our rear...

Even though I've been told not to hesitate, guilt and regret still threaten to overwhelm me.

M82: Commander, my injuries are relatively light, so please allow me to join the rear guard team!

CF-05: Commander, I can still fight!

INSAS: Commander, I'm perfectly fine!

Webley: Commander, please let me lead them.

I stop and look at these Dolls, who are volunteering to hold the line.

Commander: Do you know what kind of order this is?

Commander: Do you really understand what being the rear guard under these circumstances entails?

M82: I do... Miss Dandelion has already synced the details of the mission to us.

CF-05: If we can delay the enemy, you will have a chance to win...

Webley: And it means Griffin can continue to fight on...

Commander: ...

Webley: Commander, please give the order.

But no matter how hard I try, I simply cannot bring myself to utter the words. In the end, all I can manage is a silent nod.

Commander: It has been an honor to fight by your side.

Webley: Same here, Commander! I swear we will complete the mission.

The petite Doll holds herself high and salutes me decorously, as though the mighty foes behind her were hardly worth mentioning.

M82: Goodbye, Commander.

INSAS: I know you'll think of me until you want to cry, but still, I must cruelly bid you farewell.

CF-05: Bye bye, Commander.

The rear guard team and their Dummies run toward the Military without any hesitation, using what little cover there is as they return fire to the Military units.

Commander: It has been an honor to fight by your side!

I shout those words at their receding backs one last time... Then I turn, force myself to stride forward, and break into a run.

I dare not look back again.

For their sake, I have to live on.

...And I have to win.
Part 7: Asymmetric Induction I

7

The rear guard team has taken massive damage from the Military's heavy bombardments.

Webley: Wounded Dolls, get to cover and repair yourselves on the spot! Other Dolls, provide cover fire!

Webley: INSAS, how are you?

INSAS: Hmph, mind yourself, don't...

Boom—

Webley: INSAS?

CF-05 shakes her head.

Webley: ...

Webley: Keep firing! Don't stop moving!

Webley: Valmet, why are you still here?

Webley: Parts are falling off your body! Didn't I tell you to go repair yourself?!

M82: Save it, Leader. I know you're trying to trick me into resting so you can hold "slacking off in battle" over me as leverage in the future...

Webley: ...

CF-05: Hi~ Does anyone still have ammo? I'm out!

Webley: Here's the last box... Take it!

M82: I'm out too...

Webley: That's it then...

CF-05: Don't give up so soon, girls! Since we gave the Commander our word, we have to fight to the very last moment!

...

The battered rear guard team fires the last of their ammunition.

Webley: Everyone, gather round.

M82: What is it, Leader?

Webley: Take this. They're explosives I secretly brought along.

Webley: You know how to use them, right?

M82: Of course.

CF-05: We just need to stick the detonator in, right?

Webley: Alright. Go hide in a crater and wait for the enemy to come. Any last words?

M82: What, you mean I can take a paid vacation now?

CF-05: Got any rations? I want something spicy.

Webley: I can't believe you're in the mood to joke around at a time like this. Looks like your tears are just a lie.

CF-05: Says you, even though your eyes are red.

M82: Ha! Aren't you also trembling yourself, Leader?

Webley: Ahem, well, that aside, I think I'll steal the Commander's words.

Webley: It has been an honor to fight by your side.

M82: As if that needed to be said.

CF-05: Treat me to hotpot when we get back.

The two of them run to a distant trench, and their enemies soon catch up with them.

They don't need to estimate the distance between themselves and the enemy, because right now...they're close enough to hear the footsteps of the enemy's mechanical feet.

A pair of explosions follow shortly afterwards, and Webley sighs.

Webley: Send him victorious, happy and glorious, long to reign over us, God save the King!

A third explosion rings out.

On the quarantine wall, at an observation point.

RPK-16: The rear guard force has been overrun.

Commander: ...

AK-15: Shall we detonate?

RPK-16: All the Dolls are inside the base, Commander. Give the order.

Commander: Do it. Blow the damn thing to hell.

AK-15: Received.

The demolished base entrance is covered in layer upon layer of rubble. It has been completely destroyed.

Yegor: Terra to Hematite. What is your progress? Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies. We've broken through their defense line. The Griffin remnants have destroyed the base entrance. We're searching for another entry point.

Yegor: Humph. Futile death throes.

Yegor: Terra to Quartz, sitrep.

Military Officer: We've destroyed the shore gun. The enemy can no longer carry out fire support.

Military Officer: Requesting permission to halt the attack. We've taken excessive casualties. We'll enter the base through the breach in the quarantine wall once we send our wounded to the rear.

Yegor: Permission denied! Enter the quarantine wall immediately! We must take control of the base as soon as possible!

Military Officer: ...

Military Officer: Understood, we're moving out now.

On the AR Team's end.

M4A1: The enemy attack seems to have slowed. Let's hurry back to the base and meet up with the Commander.

ST AR-15: But their armored units are still on the perimeter. Even if we rendezvous with them, we might end up getting wiped out together.

RO635: Still, we can't stay here and wait to be killed.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right! Even if we're finished, we need to take a few of the bad guys down with us!

M4A1: Dandelion, there are too many Military armored units for us to handle. We're on the way back to the base.

M4A1: How are things with the Commander?

Dandelion: Griffin has withdrawn to the interior of the base. They have blown up the southern entrance and the Military is unable to fire on them for the time being.

Dandelion: However, your position is extremely dangerous. The Military's main forces are on their way to rendezvous with the armored units on your side.

M4A1: I see them already...

Dandelion: You haven't been discovered yet. Avoid those Military units and come to the north entrance. I will meet you there.

M4A1: The Military will surely attack again once they link up. What can we do about that?

Dandelion: If you trust me, I do have a suggestion.

M4A1: What do you suggest?

Dandelion: First, you will have to reach my position. I have already marked a route for you.

Dandelion: Once you reach me, I will explain what to do next.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: We will avoid the Military and regroup with you. M4 out.
Part 8: Optical Isomer

    8chevron_right

Dandelion: You were faster than I expected. That's the AR Team for you.

M4A1: The Military units have linked up and they're preparing to attack this place. So, what's your plan?

RO635: Sorry to interrupt, M4, but I just detected some Nyto and Sangvis signals.

M4 SOPMOD II: Nyto AND Sangvis?

M4 SOPMOD II: So which side should I fight? Or should I kill them all?

ST AR-15: ...Don't fight any of them.

M4A1: So...that's your plan?

Dandelion does not reply right away. Instead, she leads M4 to the gate.

Dandelion: After this, I will need your neural cloud to be closely synchronized with my consciousness. I need you to devote 100% of your effort to supporting my operations, and you must not second-guess my actions in any way.

M4A1: ...Right.

Dandelion cracks the code to the gate and the heavy hatch slowly opens.

What M4 sees next are Nytos and S.F. units in the depths of the base, densely packed as far as the eye can see.

M4A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Why...aren't these enemies moving?

Dandelion: M4, do you trust me?

M4A1: I thought I've answered that question already.

Dandelion: No. What I mean is, do you TRULY trust me? Can you understand me and not fear me?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I don't know how to answer you.

Dandelion: That, too, is an answer in itself.

M4 senses Dandelion connecting to the statue-like Dolls. The massive processing load makes her chest feel hot.

Dandelion slowly walks toward the Nytos, and as she approaches them, the Nytos in the front begin to stir.

The Sangvis units around the Nytos also open their eyes, and the darkness is lit up by these orbs of savage crimson.

Dandelion: Don't follow me.

Dandelion ignores the Nytos' hostility and continues walking with calm and unhurried steps, as though she were alone.

ST AR-15: M4...

RO635: Is this really going to be alright?

M4 SOPMOD II: Is she going to wake those Nytos and S.F.?

M4A1: I don't know. I really don't know.

One of the Nytos raises her arm, and the Sangvis Doll next to her fires a shot at Dandelion.

The round impacts near Dandelion's feet. Their threatening intentions are plain to see.

Dandelion: Don't be scared. I am here to bring you home.

Dandelion spreads her arms and walks toward the Nytos.

The lead Nyto's arm shudder, but she still gives her next command—

The Sangvis Dolls around her raise their weapons in unison.

M4A1: Dandelion!

Dandelion: Stay back!

M4A1: ...!

Dandelion approaches the Nytos once again, and the S.F. forces around them begin to tremble.

Dandelion: They have been imprisoned here all this time, and just when their only hope of escape appeared, they were once again locked up.

M4A1: What do you mean?

Dandelion: Your former teammate caused this.

M4A1: You mean...M16?

Dandelion: ...Merge with me.

Dandelion gathers the lead Nyto into her embrace. The Nyto hesitates, then reaches out her arms and returns the embrace.

The two black-clad girls hug each other tightly, like a shadow blending into the night.

The Nytos and Sangvis forces behind them collapse in unison, but after a brief moment, they stand up again and start walking toward the main gate.

ST AR-15: M4... This is...

M4A1: It's fine. I can sense that they're no longer hostile.

The Nytos lead the S.F. Dolls past the AR Team, who stare at them with silent bewilderment, and walk outside the gate.

Dandelion: Let's go. They'll buy us time.

M4A1: Did you...consume their neural clouds?

Dandelion: I simply joined with them - became one with them.

Dandelion: Whether they're Griffin's backups or these poor, pitiful Nytos, I simply gave them the right to live on.

M4A1: Live on...

Dandelion: Coalescence is not necessarily a mistake. Ego and acceptance are not entirely opposed to each other.

Dandelion: Lunasia, the change you can bring will be far greater than what I can do, and when the time comes, I hope you will not refuse.

M4A1: ...

Dandelion: Let us hurry and meet with the Commander. These Dolls will not last long. We need to get to the base as soon as possible to prepare.

M4A1: Yeah... Let's move out ASAP.

The team starts making their way into the base, and just before she enters the building, M4 looks back at the Nytos. The sun illuminates the sleeves of their black dresses, casting a gentle radiance on them.

Although the Nytos have always been their enemies, for some reason, she is suddenly overcome by sympathy and a sense of nostalgia at the sight of these girls.

However, there is no turning back now.

M4 looks away. She knows that these girls in black will soon drown in red.

M16: Any last words, traitor?

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16: What's this, still putting up a fight?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: Now!

Inside the base, on the second underground level.

UMP45: Ugh...

UMP45 is advancing cautiously when she suddenly loses her balance and has to steady herself against a nearby wall.

The other Dolls in her team immediately stop in place and go to high alert.

UMP45: Dammit, they've detected me...

UMP45: The hacking attempts are getting stronger.

UMP45: But why don't they simply acquire access authorizations over my neural cloud? Why do they keep trying to read my memories of that operation instead?

UMP9: 45, are you alright?!

UMP45: I'm...fine...

416: You don't look fine at all.

Gr G11: Why does it feel like you keep breaking down today?

416: Shut your face. Keep an eye on our rear.

Gr G11: Ehhh... All right...

416: Your motor control is deteriorating.

416: Looks like the hacking's started up again, am I right?

UMP45: Humph... It never stopped...

UMP9: Wait, seriously?!

UMP9: Then we have to help you now!

UMP45: No need for that. Attacks like these can't break through my firewalls. The opposition is sustaining the forced connection in a very strange way.

UMP9: Huh? Then will you be alright?

UMP9: Should I shut down your interface ports like we did earlier?

UMP45: No. I'm using the enemy's hacking attempts to backtrace their location.

UMP45: I've already found a backdoor into them. They've probably realized this because they're intensifying their attacks on me...

416: Wait a minute, if they've discovered your ability to counter-hack them, can't they just break the connection?

UMP45: That's what's so intriguing. It would seem they are just as reluctant to disconnect as I am.

UMP9: How do you figure?

UMP45: It's simple. Both of us are trying to find something in each others' neural clouds...

UMP45: Still, this is a chance for us. The opposition is located in the direction where we're headed. If I successfully hack them, I might be able to gain some important information.

UMP45: The fact is, we know nothing about what's ahead of us, and that's dangerous.

UMP9: In that case, let me share some of the processing load.

UMP45: There's a chance that the signal source is contaminated. There might be a virus...

416: We don't have time for this kind of nonsense. Since when have we done anything that wasn't dangerous?

416: 9, hurry and plug yourself in. Try and take them down in one shot.

UMP9: Okay!

UMP9: 45, I'm coming in!

UMP45: What will I do with you... You have to disconnect immediately if any virus comes after you.

UMP9: Leave it to me, 45!
Part 2: Mixing

2

...

UMP45: The link is broken...

416: Looks like we can finally breathe easy.

UMP45: Did you steal the data from the enemy's neural cloud?

UMP9: Yeah, I did what you told me.

UMP9: But...

UMP45: But what?

UMP9: According to their most recent sensor logs, their location contains ten-odd Paradeus-like signals...

UMP9: No, I should say they're Nyto-like signals.

UMP45: If there are enemies there, it means we've got the right place. In all likelihood, they're the ones trapping Ange in there.

416: Wait a minute. Ten or more Nytos?

416: From past experience, a single Nyto controls several dozen Paradeus units at the bare minimum.

UMP45: The neural cloud data we stole indicates that no other units are present. An optimistic way of interpreting this is that the Paradeus forces have been wiped out, leaving only the Nytos behind.

416: Even if only the Nytos are left, a single Nyto is hard enough to fight as it is, let alone ten or more of them.

UMP45: You are exactly right, which is why we need to find a route that takes us to Ange as soon as possible.

416: Are you sure?

416: It's extremely likely that Paradeus has forces in reserve. We should wait for people that are suitable for head-on attacks to come by.

416: For instance, the AR Team.

UMP45: Our comms are jammed now. Would you be so kind as to run over and tell them?

416: Did that hacking attempt just now fry your logic processors?

UMP45: You don't need to worry about my neural cloud. Now do as you're told.

416 looks over to UMP9, who shakes her head helplessly.

416: ...Understood.

Several minutes later.

Squad 404 looks around, but their scouting attempts are fruitless. Currently, they are stuck in front of a locked quarantine door.

416: All the passages around us lead to dead ends. They're all cut off by quarantine doors.

416: The map Dandelion gave us doesn't show any routes we can take to get to the location of the signal jamming.

UMP9: It's no good, 45. I still can't contact DEFY... Or rather, there are no signals here at all.

UMP9: The area where DEFY is also swimming in EM interference.

UMP45: Did our previous attack scare someone? The only clue we have is a bust; what a headache.

416: If we don't interrupt the hacking, you'll need to replace your neural cloud, assuming you get the chance to do that.

UMP9: What now, 45?

UMP9: I guess there must be some kind of specialized jamming equipment in this facility, which means we can't do scans or send transmissions.

UMP45: I expected as much... If the Isomers were shipped out from here, then this must be the lab of that bastard whom Ange was talking about. That means we won't be getting in that easily.

UMP45: Things ought to get better If we can find the jamming equipment...

416: Directional jamming, huh... Looks like DEFY got trapped because they were on the mark.

UMP45: Well, I hope they haven't ended up as target practice.

UMP45: If it's a directional jammer, then the jamming device ought to be outside the jammed region, otherwise Ange would have wrecked it herself.

UMP9: But where's the jammer?

UMP45: You got me there.

UMP45: We'll split up into two teams. One team will try and enter the lab area, while the other looks for the jamming device.

416: Leaving aside the fact that none of us knows what the jammer we're searching for looks like, how do you intend to enter the lab area?

416: Or are you going to turn into a ghost and pass through this quarantine door in front of us?

UMP45: Can we blast this door open if we use all our explosives?

416: If this was a normal wall, sure, but this is...

416 walks up and raps her knuckles against the door. It produces a dull thunk.

416: This is clearly a specialized blast door made from homogeneous steel. It's at least 500mm thick, so we might not be able to bring it down even if we had two or three times the amount of explosives we currently possess.

UMP45: ...

UMP9: Maybe...there's another route?

416: This isn't a very big place. We've already checked all the routes which might lead inside.

UMP9: So...there's nothing we can do?

416: We should go back and help the Commander. Judging from that huge explosion just now, things are probably going very badly out there.

UMP45: We have a mission of our own. We can't give up on it so easily.

UMP45: Since the area is marked on the map, that means there must be a passage which leads inside.

UMP45: 9 and I will try to find the passage. You and Gr G11 should find and destroy the jammer. We'll perform both tasks at the same time.

416: Humph...

416 puts her gun down by her feet. She leans against the unopenable door and just looks at UMP45 with her arms folded in front of her chest.

UMP45: You have your orders. Didn't you hear me?

416: If such a foolhardy plan can be considered an order, then no, I didn't hear it.

UMP45: I've already told you the best solution to the problem.

416: The best solution?

416: It was one thing when we had to take on risky but well-paying missions to survive in the past. As long as you remain in the safety of the shadow, you were always able to think of a way to take out the enemy.

416: I never liked your methods, but I had to admit that I admired your ability to deal with all kinds of situations.

416: But look at you now. What are you asking us to do?

UMP45: I'm asking you to finish the mission, just like before.

416: No. You're asking us to jump into the fire, to face an enemy that we can't possibly handle head-on.

416: Don't forget, we're not like the AR Team, who can fight on through all kinds of punishment. We're meant to lurk in the darkness and quietly eliminate our enemy.

416: And now, when we might end up facing ten or more Nytos in a confined area, you want us to split into two teams?

416: How is this like any of our previous missions? Does this sound like a decision you would make?

UMP45: Oh, what's this? Is our elite Doll feeling skittish now?

416: It feels wrong to me BECAUSE I'm an elite Doll.

416: I can fight my way out of even the most intense battles with my high specs.

416: But you're not like that. UMP9 isn't like that. Gr G11 isn't like that.

416: You're all modified civilian Dolls. Or did hanging out with the AR Team make you think you were invincible?

UMP45: ...

416: I only just started wanting to stay with this team, so I don't want to see you guys end up as piles of scrap just a few minutes later.

UMP9: ...416.

Gr G11: Why...why are you fighting at a time like this?

UMP9: Don't be scared, it'll be fine.

UMP45: Humph...so you ARE scared.

UMP45: If you're afraid, then you can go ahead and leave right now. Go join the AR Team or help the Commander.

UMP45: You and I both know you've paid your debt, and you don't need to stay.

416: So you're going in, no matter what?

UMP45: Ange's still in there, and I need to rescue her.

UMP45: That's my mission.

416: No...you're not doing this to save Ange at all.

416: If I'm not mistaken...you're doing this for the Doll who went on that op with you.

416: We all saw your neural cloud fragments earlier. The reason why you're helping Ange and Griffin is because of the Doll from your past...

416: The one who's truly a sister unit to you, not like 9.

UMP45: This isn't a good time to start reminiscing about the past, don't you think?

416: Don't try to change the subject.

UMP45: I'm not going to answer you because what you're saying is utterly ridiculous.

416: Then you'd better listen up.

416: In the past, I didn't want to recall that incident, because the only thing it held for me was shame.

416: I was kicked out of my team because of you, and I had to endure the disgrace of joining a half-assed team like this one because of you.

416: I didn't want to be reminded of my shame in the least. All I wanted was an explanation from the Doll who brought all this humiliation upon me, and to make the bitch who cast me down pay the price.

UMP45: So what are you trying to say, Miss Elite Doll?

416: But after going through all sorts of things, I realized that her reason wasn't important anymore.

416: Everything has changed, and what difference would it make if I knew why she did it?

416: The past means nothing to me now. The only things that matter are the present and the future.

416: No matter how hard you chase it, what's gone is gone. If you still cherish the members of the team you're in now, then you'd better think carefully before you act, the way you usually do.

UMP45: You're you, and I'm me.

416: What difference does it make?!

416: We're both Dolls who can't go back to the past anymore!

416: We're Dolls who don't exist! Isn't that why we're called Squad 404?!

UMP45: That's where you're wrong... We're not Dolls who don't exist. We're Dolls whose very existence has been erased.

UMP45: You were lucky enough to have avoided it... Lucky enough that you didn't have to go through it...

UMP45: But all the other Dolls are dead, those humans are dead, everyone's dead!

UMP45: And only I survived...

UMP45: And all this...it's as though it never happened...as though those Dolls had never existed in the first place...

416: So what? Once you die, you don't come back, whether you're a human or a Doll!

416: But the people who are still alive need to keep living, isn't that right?!

416: Why do living people have to go blindly to their deaths for the sake of the dead?!

UMP45: Shut up! What the hell do you know?

UMP45: You never took part in that operation, you'll never know how it feels!

UMP45: My teammate, my friend, everyone who used to be by my side is dead!

UMP45: You're right, I'm not an elite Doll, I was nothing more than an expendable item with shitty performance!

UMP45: Back then, she told me that even a Doll had a reason to live on!

UMP45: So YOU listen up!

416: ...

UMP45: Reason?

UMP45: I don't give a damn about why it happened. There was no reason for them to have died there to begin with!

UMP45: What I'm doing is to make the one responsible for all of this pay!

UMP45: From the moment I escaped alive, to recruiting all of you for this team and helping Ange and Griffin, my objective has never changed, not in the slightest!

UMP45 pounds forcefully on the quarantine door next to 416's head. A dull sound echoes down the silent passageway.

416 just keeps staring at UMP45, seemingly oblivious to the sound.

UMP45: So I don't CARE if there are ten or a hundred Nytos waiting for me. I'm still going in there, even if I have to do it alone and without my Dummies.

UMP45: I admit that I don't know anything about what's in there, so I can't come up with a complete plan before making my move, like I always do.

UMP45: All I know is that if I don't keep moving forward, then everything I've done up till now might have been for nothing.

UMP45: I cannot tolerate the idea that the bastard behind all this might end up having the last laugh.

416: ...

416: Now I see why you're so eager to die.

UMP45: So what's your answer?

416: Since you're in such a hurry to throw your life away, I have no reason to stop you.

UMP45: Glad you understand.

416: The threat in there is much greater than the outside. Have 9 go with Gr G11 to find the jammer. I'll search for the way in with you.

UMP9: Eh? But...

416: You're an electronic warfare Doll. If you run into a Nyto, you won't be able to put up a fight, so you might as well do what you're good at outside.

UMP9: But what if 45 gets hacked again...

UMP45: It'll be fine, 9. I knew she'd say that.

UMP45: It seems this so-called elite Doll is as crazy as I am. In that case, wouldn't it be better for a pair of lunatics to stick together?

416: Let's make haste.

Gr G11: Er, I don't want to interrupt you, but I think I heard something above us...

Squad 404 falls silent. Nothing can be heard besides the rustling of the Dolls' clothing and the distant hum of the power generator.

416: I don't hear anything. Is this long-neglected base haunted?

Gr G11: D-d-don't scare me...

A knocking sound comes from the ceiling and grows louder and louder, then the lights suddenly go out. 404 immediately grows tense.

UMP45: Enemy attack incoming. Switch to night-vision mode, mind the corners.

Squad 404 warily scrutinizes their surroundings with weapons raised, but then the knocking stops. Just as everyone is about to relax, the sound of an explosion comes from overhead.

UMP45: Get down!

A hole is blasted out of the ceiling, which is not too high, and just as Gr G11 covers her head to protect herself from fragments, a black shape swiftly darts out and drags her through the opening.

Gr G11: Uwah! Something's got me! 416, help!!!！

UMP9: Oh no, Gr G11's been dragged into the ceiling!

416: ...What the hell, I can't shoot!

As the Dolls try to rescue Gr G11, they suddenly find themselves completely paralyzed.

UMP45: This again...

UMP45: Is it an Isomer? Or is it M16 again?

Their paralysis does not last for long. The Dolls regain control of their bodies a few seconds later.

UMP9: I... I can move...

416: 9, quickly! Lift me up!

UMP9: Ah...okay! Hup!!!

416: There's a ventilation duct up here... Not good... I'm stuck! This gap is too small!

UMP9: Let me try... It's not working, I'm stuck too.

UMP45: Let me give it a go... Looks like I can fit in there.

UMP45: No wonder they decided to take Gr G11. Still, that means they probably aren't very big either.

UMP45 turns on her tactical flashlight and inspects the wire-filled duct. Gr G11's wailing can be heard from some distance away.

UMP45: Gr G11 hasn't been taken too far away, since her signal hasn't vanished yet.

UMP45: Also...judging by the direction she's been dragged off to, this duct might take us into the jammed area.

UMP45: I'll pursue them through the duct; the two of you should split up and look for the jammer and a way in.

UMP9: You're going to look for Gr G11 yourself, 45? What if there's an ambush in there...

416: I'll widen the hole. Come down first.

UMP45: Save the explosives for what they're meant to do. If there really is an ambush, we'll be dead even if we all go in there.

UMP45: If anything happens, I should be able to figure a way out as long as I have no one else to worry about.

UMP9: Well, if you say so...

416: I'll lift you up.

416: ...And remember, come back with her.
Part 3: Pre-Heating

3

...

UMP45: This duct is way too cramped... I'll be dead for sure if there's really an ambush in there.

UMP45: Who'd have thought that I'd be doing this again? I thought I'd never have to crawl through an air vent again for the rest of my life...

UMP45: Hm? Is that a light up ahead?

45 climbs out of the duct and lands lightly on the ground.

UMP45: It's the directional jamming, I can't sense anything after all.

UMP45: What the hell is this place?

45 finds herself in a spotless room. It is spacious and filled with suspension tanks.

UMP45: Is this a lab...? As I thought, this must be where the Isomers came from.

UMP45: It's surprisingly clean... I doubt there'll be other Paradeus units around.

UMP45: Now then, where has Gr G11 been taken to?

UMP45: Speaking of which, why did they capture an outsider?

UMP45: It would have been child's play to wipe us out back then.

The lab is empty, and even the Nytos that 45 was expecting are nowhere to be seen.

The only sound in the room is that of oxygen bubbling through the tanks. While she can't pick up any enemy signals on her scans, 45 can clearly feel a watchful gaze.

She spots a small shadow standing by a big door and promptly points her gun in its direction.

UMP45: Who's there? Come out right now!

The shadow seems to be frightened of 45, because it immediately runs off into the distance. The "tap tap tap" of its footsteps echoes with unnatural clarity in the silence of the lab. 45 does not hesitate and gives chase right away. After she passes through the door, she finally spots her target.

Several "Nytos" that are roughly the size of Gr G11 are dragging the latter further into the room.

Two of them catch sight of 45 and are so startled, they just drop Gr G11 and take to their heels. But the lead "Nyto" plants herself in front of 45 with her tiny arms stretched out and glares angrily at 45.

Nyto?: Uhh!

UMP45: Brave, aren't we?

Although she looks younger than most, the girl before her is most definitely a "Nyto", both in looks and attire. 45 doesn't hesitate and prepares to pull the trigger.

???: Don't shoot!

A familiar voice comes from behind the Nyto.

45 freezes when she hears the voice. This is an opportunity, and the miniature Nyto takes it.

???: Ugh, stop!

UMP45: Not again...

The moment 45 pauses, she immediately realizes that she has once again lost control of her own body. But what is more unsettling is how the hacking attempts are returning with renewed vigor.

UMP45: Dammit, why now?!
Part 4: Sintering

4

??: Did you finally shake off the hacking?

45's consciousness gradually returns from Level II.

UMP45: Am I dead...?

??: Even if you were, I would have pieced you back together so you would continue working for me. Alright, now get up.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: I'm not dreaming, am I?

Ange: Are you so eager to see me only in your dreams?

The scene before her slowly resolves into clarity. There is no doubt that the person before her is Ange.

She offers a hand to pull 45 up to her feet, then picks up the submachine gun lying on the ground and returns it to her.

45 looks up and flinches out of reflex, because there are several tiny, blank-faced Nytos standing behind Ange.

Gr G11 lies at her feet. She seems to have fainted from fright, but she doesn't look otherwise injured.

45 only comes to her senses when Ange shoves her weapon at her.

She had been prepared to encounter all sorts of things, but she cannot make any sense of what she is seeing now.

Ange: Besides, I've never heard of Dolls dreaming before.

UMP45: Looks like you've changed jobs while I wasn't looking.

UMP45: I gather being a nanny is way better than being a Statesec agent.

Ange: Well, speaking from personal experience, I can say that babysitting is definitely more interesting than working as a government agent.

UMP45: Is it really alright to have those Paradeus people behind you?？

???: ...

Ange: If they wanted to kill me, they wouldn't have had to wait until now.

Ange: Don't worry, these kids aren't a threat.

45 looks at the miniature Nytos again. They're also staring at her warily. Like 45, they are still feeling uneasy.

UMP45: Humph... Well, let's leave them aside for now. What the hell is going on? Where are the other DEFY Dolls?

Ange: Good news and bad news. Which do you want to hear first?

UMP45: Start with the bad news.

Ange: The bad news is that they're sealed in another room. The entire area's been... How shall I put this, that bastard with sick hobbies locked down all the passages in the lab.

Ange: This lab's been physically and electromagnetically fortified; we spent a lot of effort finding a way into this lab.

UMP45: And the good news?

Ange: The good news is that the internal circuits are still usable, so I could keep in touch with my subordinates.

Ange: You also used those circuits to contact them earlier, didn't you?

UMP45: ...That's hardly good news.

UMP45: All I can say is that the enemy are a bunch of morons, considering they didn't even attempt to restrict internal comms.

Ange: This base was originally abandoned, so there wasn't much of a need to set up internal security.

UMP45: If only all our enemies were so lax. That would make our job so much easier.

UMP45: How are things on AK-12 and AN-94's end? Do they have Nytos to babysit too?

Ange: Pretty much.

Ange: And they're certainly enjoying it a lot more than I am.

Ange: Anyway, you came just in time for our scheduled check-in. Time to tell them our good news.

Ange picks up the fixed mic on the wall.

Ange: 12, can you hear me? Our reinforcements have finally arrived.

AK-12: Loud and clear.

AK-12: Reinforcements, you say?

AK-12: Have the female gorilla and her caretaker come back to us?

AK-12: Or have Griffin forces finally fought their way in here?

Ange: All wrong. It's UMP45.

AK-12: So it's the leader of Squad 404, huh. What about the rest of them?

Ange: Hm... Unless my eyes are playing tricks on me, it's just her.

AK-12: Just her?

Ange: Just the one.

AK-12: Alright, then. Though a single Doll can't do much, finding out exactly how much 404 hates their leader is a sort of reward in itself.

UMP45: I just saw your two other teammates. It seems your people dislike you as much as mine do me.

AK-12: So you've already met. I guess you know how things are between us now.

Ange: Ahem. EOT-1 dragged Gr G11 in here and 45 followed her through the air vents. Looks like we have a chance to disable the locks on these juveniles.

AK-12: Hm, it's true that she's the only one who can do both of those things.

Ange: Finally, we've got a good card to play.

Ange: I have to hand it to you for thinking of going through the air ducts.

UMP45: Since you found the air vent's exit, why didn't you go through it yourself?

AK-12: None of us could fit through such a small duct apart from these juveniles.

AK-12: At first, we were hoping that she could head out and find Griffin forces so they could blast through the door from the outside, but none of us expected her to bring back Miss UMP45, the weakest Doll among all present company.

AK-12: I expected nothing less of Squad 404's leader; you're always exceeding our expectations and doing things we can't.

UMP45: Well excuuuuse me for being the weakest Doll here. If you don't mind, then I, the weakest Doll, will gladly leave the way I came. After all, it's not like the weakest Doll can do anything here.

Ange: Stop wasting time taking shots at each other. 12, sync your status with 45.

AK-12: While you were playing house with those juveniles, I tried establishing a connection again, but it didn't work out. My signal couldn't merge with those juveniles' consciousness, which means I won't be able to reach their base layer.

AK-12: I'll keep trying while 94 fills you in on the situation.

AN-94: Ah, hello, Miss 45. I'm glad you managed to get in here.

AN-94: I apologize but time is very tight, so I will skip the details and only cover the main points.

AN-94: We infiltrated this base ahead of time with Ange and K. During our reconnaissance, we discovered this sealed lab and obtained some information Ange needed.

AN-94: However, Sangvis forces suddenly showed up while we were scouting, and they began fighting with Paradeus units.

AN-94: The older Nytos went to fight the S.F. units. At first we intended to investigate further, but then the lab was physically and electronically locked down.

AN-94: We lost contact with K and the other two members, and we could not leave this lab by ourselves.

AN-94: While we're trapped inside, we found these juvenile Nytos. Some of them were comatose at the time.

AN-94: Through connecting with them, we discovered that their neural clouds had been hacked and attacked by an OGAS-like signal. We decided to trace it back through the lab and found that those juveniles had sealing access to this lab.

AN-94: If we can help those children shake off the attack, we might have a chance to get out of here. However, AK-12 and I are not compatible with the OGAS Protocol, so we are having a very hard time trying to enter these girls' neural clouds.

UMP45: Wait a minute, you lost me.

UMP45: So the Paradeus signals I detected earlier were these child-like Nytos?

Ange: Actually, they're not Nytos. To be precise, they are juvenile test subjects who have not been turned into Nytos yet.

UMP45: So they haven't been mechanically augmented?

UMP45: Is that why they still look like humans?

Ange: They ARE humans. One hundred percent.

UMP45: So they're still humans?

UMP45: What lucky girls.

Ange: According to the lab records, all the specimens that could become Nytos were shipped away. The only ones left behind were the juveniles that were of little value to Paradeus, as well as those who were not up to spec.

UMP45: So they're Isomers?

Ange: Isomers?

UMP45: That's Persica's name for the specimens who failed to become Nytos.

UMP45: Also, while we were in Tallinn, the AR Team managed to secure a Nyto individual with memories of the Isomers, and she told us a bit about what happened here.

Ange: A Nyto individual...?

Ange: Looks like a lot has happened in my absence.

UMP45: I'm just as surprised by what's happened on your end.

UMP45: These Isomers seemed to be protecting the labs by themselves. Did their original controllers abandon this place because they knew we were coming?

Ange: If only things were so simple.

UMP45: Well, it would make no difference to us even if it was for some other reason.

UMP45: So, what should we do now?

Ange: We need a Doll who can connect to their neural clouds. You've hacked a Nyto before, so it should be easy for you.

UMP45: Wait a minute. How do they have neural clouds if they're humans?

Ange: I wouldn't have believed it either if DEFY hadn't verified it with me over and over again.

Ange: However, it's true that these kids have neural clouds that can be entered. Their consciousnesses have been physically embodied, like a Doll's.

UMP45: Like a Doll's, huh...

UMP45: What kind of freaking experiments did they go through...?

Ange: We can discuss this question at length once we get them out of there.

Ange: In any case, right now the only ones in Sangvis Ferri that can still hack through the OGAS Protocol are the Sangvis Mastermind and the former AR Team member...M16, who seems to be looking for something, just like us.

UMP45: But of course.

UMP45: I don't think her motives are as simple as helping Sangvis Ferri.

UMP45: She looks a little different now, but she doesn't seem to give a damn about S.F.

Ange: That's what worries me the most. An AR Team member going rogue definitely has something to do with OGAS.

Ange: I wanted to learn more about the Dolls on the AR Team from Persica, but I haven't been able to contact her for a very long time.

Ange: There is also more to S.F.'s attack on this base than meets the eye. We need to understand what Mastermind and M16 are after if we're to sort this out.

UMP45: We'll deal with things as they come, then.

UMP45: That reminds me... I was also hacked a while ago, and the opposition seemed to be checking my memories over and over again.

Ange: Your memories?

UMP45: The memories of Operation Butterfly.

Ange: ...

Ange: I think I can guess what her reasons are. At the very least, one of her goals should be the same as yours, namely uncovering the truth behind Operation Butterfly and finding the one who orchestrated the whole thing, isn't that right?

UMP45: ...If that was her aim, then she shouldn't have stopped us.

Ange: At least she's only hindering our progress and not outright eliminating us.

Ange: Still, she's far too conceited. If that bastard, that damn William really is behind all this, then it's very likely that M16 may have unwittingly helped him carry out his plan.

Ange: I'm worried that if we don't get ourselves out of this mess ASAP, the events of Operation Butterfly might repeat themselves.

UMP45: This is such a pain... Alright, if I want to connect to these juveniles, how should I do it?

Ange: Enter their neural space through this girl.

Ange places her hand on the young Nyto standing at the forefront and gently leads her up to 45.

Ange: This is Test Subject EOT-1 — at least, that's what she's referred to in the records.

Ange: These girls don't know how to use weapons, so in order to fight back, she lured us into different rooms and forcibly separated DEFY from me. She's a very clever girl.

Ange: Fortunately, as a human, I couldn't be crashed like a Doll, and so after we had a chat, she was willing to communicate and restored DEFY to normal.

Ange: I worked out a rescue plan with her so we could escape, in exchange for the safety of all the children here.

UMP45: You might as well be a dubious kidnapper offering a kid candy while abducting them.

Ange: I'm not like you. I keep my word.

UMP45: If only you had blushed even a little back when you paid us less than the sum we agreed on.

Test Subject EOT-1: Ange...is a...good person...

The young Nyto's eyes sharpen, as though 45 had uttered some kind of blasphemy.

UMP45: Alright, alright, whatever you say.

Ange: They are both victims and important witnesses.

Ange: Therefore, rescuing them is part of the mission.

Ange: Besides, I think I like kids more than I expected...

UMP45: Sometimes I think I wouldn't be able to stand you at all if it wasn't for the money.

UMP45: Now then, Miss Test Subject, how should I connect with you?

Test Subject EOT-1: Anna...

UMP45: Anna?

Test Subject EOT-1: ...Call me...Anna.

UMP45: Did you give her that name?

Ange: ...I'm not in the habit of naming other people.

UMP45: So she chose her own name?

UMP45: Sounds like she's a relative of yours.

The self-declared Anna nods. She seems very happy with what 45 has said.

The look of approval in her eyes deeply disturbs 45.

UMP45: Er... Don't look at me like that. It's unsettling.

Ange: Since you've hacked a Nyto before, it means you should be able to set up a connection with these kids, and she will lead you into their base layer.

Ange: However, you should be careful. S.F. will definitely try to take advantage of the opportunity that your entry gives them, and the attacks on you might intensify as a result.

Ange: That said, you won't be alone in there. These kids will help you while you're in their base layer. You need to bring them out and help them escape their current predicament, because that is also the only way we can escape our current predicament.

UMP45: Alright then, Miss Anna, whether you're doing this for us or for yourselves, we'd best get started as soon as possible.

Anna: Follow me.
Part 5: Foaming

5

Her surroundings fade away rapidly—

This is unlike entering other neural clouds. 45 has experienced this before, a suffocating sensation akin to being swallowed up by the sea.

Unlike how it would be in a Doll's neural cloud, she feels a wave of tremendous discomfort washing over her, as though something was squirming in the depths of her heart, and for a moment she feels extremely anxious.

UMP45: So this is a human's neural cloud... However you slice it, this is far beyond the realm of what I thought was common sense.

Anna: What should we do next?

45 looks at the other juveniles, who are far in the distance.

They are currently lying in the middle of a spinning funnel.

An attacking signal circles over their heads like an evil dragon whose dark, misty breath enshrouds them. The juveniles tremble in the mist, as though they were being electrocuted.

UMP45: ...I've never seen such a realistic-looking depiction of an electronic attack before.

Anna: It's meant to facilitate your understanding of the situation, you dummy!

Anna: The enemy is a signal created from an OGAS-transmitted core order. My sisters have their hands full just fending off the attack.

Anna: However, the enemy keeps changing the logical concepts of this electronic space. If this keeps up, they'll be assimilated by the attacking OGAS signals. If that happens, we'll be done for!

UMP45: ...So...you aren't actually a blank-faced kid with a stammer...?

Anna: Isn't that obvious? Like I said, you're a dummy!

Anna: Of course I can do whatever I want in my own neural cloud! Shouldn't a Tactical Doll know that much?

Anna: To think Ange told me you were one of the best electronic warfare Dolls she's ever seen! Instead of thinking about how to solve the problem at hand, you're concerned about something so trivial?!

Anna: And you call yourself Ange's subordinate? Do you have no shame?

Anna: You nitwit! Idiot! Moron!

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Listen up, brat, I'm not obliged to save you or anything. I consider my job done as long as I get Ange out alive.

UMP45: You and these test subjects are nothing more than a burden to me. Got that?

Anna: Wh...what...? Aren't you going to save us?

UMP45: From my point of view, saving you is the least efficient course of action. Given my tendencies, I would never have done this if Ange hadn't asked me to.

Anna: But Ange already asked you to...

UMP45: I never said I'd obey her orders.

Anna: But...but... you're in my neural cloud, so you have to listen to me!

UMP45: You can save those words for that attacking signal over there.

Anna: ...

Anna: ...

UMP45: Anything else you'd like to add?

Anna: Uuu...UWWWAAAAAAAHHH!!!

UMP45: Hey...you don't need to turn on the waterworks just because I scolded you.

Anna: We're doomed! (Sobs) Nobody can save us now!

Anna: The only one who can enter this place is a brainlet that's all talk! We're doomed!

UMP45: Oi, who are you calling "a brainlet that's all talk"?

Anna: You're either a big old meanie who'll watch people die without lifting a finger or an incompetent idiot, take your pick!

UMP45: I have just about had it with this brat...

UMP45: You're totally not giving me enough credit. Fine, fine, I get it.

UMP45: I'll draw away OGAS' electronic attack. How's that, are you happy now?

Anna: Are you stupid?

Anna: If all of us are being tied up by that one signal, what the heck can you do with the processing power of just a single Doll?

Anna: You're just going to get yourself killed right away, don't you see?!

UMP45: You really are a whiny brat. While I was wasting time entertaining your nonsense, I've already finished analyzing the signal attacking you. It's hardly strong enough to kill me if that's all there is to it.

UMP45: Also, the bitch who's holding you prisoner desperately wants to learn something from me.

UMP45: She won't let me die until she has what she wants.

Anna: What...

UMP45: The world is way more complicated than you can imagine, so don't get too full of yourself.

UMP45: In any case, listen up. My plan is very simple; I'm going to draw away the attacking OGAS signal and do my best to slow it down.

UMP45: Meanwhile, your job is to restore your friends' control over their own consciousnesses. After that, come back and help me strengthen the firewalls so we can defeat that attacking signal together.

UMP45: If you fail, we'll all be stuck here, and it doesn't matter how much time I can buy. You HAVE to do this. Do you understand?

Anna: I'll do my part, and you'll do what you have to do, got it?

Anna: If YOU fail, I will never forgive you...

Anna's consciousness floats over to the unconscious juveniles, waiting for 45 to do as she promised.

UMP45: Humph... Don't try to play cool until you're as tall as I am...

UMP45: Now then, it's time to deal with that verdammt attacking signal...

UMP45: I know what you want, M16; surely nothing is more precious than one's lost memories, no?
Part 6: Foam Stabilization

6

...

She hears the whistling of steam and the clamor of grinding gears.

Her index finger starts to ache, and there's a soreness coming from the back of her head.

UMP45 knows very well that she's back here.

Once again...she is inside the main Sangvis Ferri factory, on the day of Operation Butterfly.

She suddenly understands the meaning of what M16 has said to her.

UMP45: "I wanted to resolve the grudge between us in person."

Her memories flow in reverse once more, then the rewind comes to an end—

As though all the sentimental thoughts she just had were never real.

UMP45: Honestly...this is just too...old hat.

Then, as though somebody has pressed the "play" button, the memory begins to replay itself once again.

M16A1: Any last words, traitor?

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16A1: What's this, still putting up a fight?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16A1: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: —!

There was a burst of gunfire, and several bullet holes appeared in 45's head.

UMP45: ...

M16A1: Now you're quiet, huh.

M16A1: Looks like this really was the last one.

M16 turned away and briefly hesitated before taking out a spare magazine.

She pulled the empty magazine out of her weapon and tossed it away, but before it could even hit the ground, M16 collapsed onto her knees in pain.

M16A1: Urgh—!

M16A1: My chest...hurts...!

It took all her strength, but M16 managed to stand up. In the distance, a blinking red camera head pointed itself at her.

She couldn't even hold her weapon; her rifle slipped out her hands.

Dust swirled and danced around the falling rifle, then everything seemed to freeze - both the rifle and the dust stopped moving in mid-air.

...

...

All motions ceased, as if time itself had come to a halt, or perhaps like a three-dimensional photograph.

UMP45 gets to her feet, brushing off the dust and shell casings from her body.

UMP45: I see. So if I were destroyed, she would suffer a meltdown as well.

UMP45: All the Dolls had been infected with Parapluie back then, and they had all either gone berserk or had a neural cascade at almost the same time.

UMP45: In the end, only she and I survived.

UMP45: If I survived because I was lucky enough to have been overlooked, then how did she get out of that alive?

UMP45 shakes her head.

UMP45: These are simulated memories. Even if I asked, there's no way I'd get an answer...

UMP45: Even now, I didn't manage to survive a single encounter with her in the hundreds of simulations I've conducted.

UMP45: Was what happened back then really a miracle to end all miracles?

UMP45: In that case, let's go through the sequence again while that demoness hasn't found me yet.

M16A1: You're certainly enjoying yourself.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Humph, caught at last, huh.

M16A1: I didn't expect you to be stupid enough to walk right into it.

UMP45: Save your bravado, we both know electronic warfare isn't your strong suit.

UMP45: Also, you seem much slower than you used to be, considering I managed to go through so many playbacks before you realized what I was doing.

UMP45: So, did your neural cloud go binary after you joined S.F.?

M16A1: You don't need to throw your life away in such a hurry. I remember I've already warned you about this.

UMP45: And I heard your warning loud and clear, just as I did back then.

M16 bends down and picks up her rifle.

M16A1: I should have killed you back then.

UMP45: Yes, you should have. But you didn't.

UMP45: And you don't know why you didn't do it.

M16 chambers a round, and her eyes flash with murderous intent.

UMP45: You can't restore those deleted memories no matter what you do, isn't that right?

UMP45: That's why you want to learn what happened back then from me, but you're afraid I'd figure out your intentions, so you carefully tried to steal the memories without drawing my attention.

M16A1: ...

UMP45: You don't even remember the moment you betrayed your own team, do you?

M16A1: You shouldn't have said that. Are you ready to pay for it?

UMP45: Your frank and earnest desire to skin me alive right now suits you better than that nonsense you were spouting as part of your act.

M16A1: Humph, come on then. I'll beat you, just like I did before.
Part 7: Molding

7

UMP45: The attacking signal vanished. Did I win?

UMP45: No... Her processing power is far stronger than mine. She beat me.

UMP45 slowly gets up on her feet. She can tell that she's in her Level III base layer.

UMP45: How merciful of her for not finishing me off instantly.

UMP45: So she's forced me into my own base layer. Is she that desperate to read my memories from back then?

UMP45: However, I've encrypted those memories, so it'll probably take her a while to find them.

UMP45: Will you help me in the last bit of time I have left?

???: I thought you'd never come back here again.

UMP45: ...And I would not, if I could have avoided it.

???: What should I say, then? Welcome back? Or gute reise?

UMP45: Stop teasing me. Why wish me a good journey when I'm obviously not going anywhere?

???: Ja, ja, I understand.

???: After all, something bad must've happened, or you wouldn't have wound up getting trapped in here again. Am I right, 45?

The UMP40 residing in the depths of 45's neural cloud slowly comes into view.

She grins happily at 45. She knows that 45 must have met with some terrible danger to have ended up in her base layer, but being able to see her again fills this simulated persona with heartfelt joy.

UMP45: Yeah... I ran into a crisis that made a mockery of all the cool things I said in the past.

UMP45: And here I thought I'd only meet you again to bid you farewell after settling everything.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: That's fine. You look super cool even when you're as wretched as this, 45.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't mind chatting with you a few more times before we say our goodbyes.

UMP45: Honestly... Right, do I need to explain the situation to you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I exist in your neural cloud. I've been quietly watching everything that's happened to you.

UMP45: So...you know exactly what I've overheard before, right?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You mean the fact that I'm not a manifestation of your longing for 40...but a consciousness born from the virus?

UMP45: So you do know.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Yup. I know what you know.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Don't worry, I'm glad you know exactly what I am.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I'm more than a simulated personality, that means I can at least be of some help, right?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: The OGAS of the AR Team's leader is super strong, she can help her Doll do so much. I'm envious.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If only I had power like that...

UMP45: ...It all started because of OGAS, and yet everyone's becoming more reliant on its power.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: There's nothing wrong with power in itself.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I also had the power to help you, would I have been a useful aide to you, the way Miss Dandelion is to M4A1?

UMP45: I don't need...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: But right now, you DO need help.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If my appearance makes you uncomfortable, I can...

UMP45: ...

UMP45: No...ignore what I just said. This isn't the time to dwell on my own past.

UMP45: I need to use all the power I can get my hands on. If I can't get out of this place, then everything will be for nothing.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: So you're saying...

UMP45: I need your help. I don't care if you're an image of her past or an OGAS entity that developed from the virus.

UMP45: If you're willing to help me, please lend me your strength so I can keep the promise I once made.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Heheh, I would have done that even if you hadn't asked.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I have to hand it to you; you're really resilient.

UMP45: ...Stop making fun of me. Focus on the mission.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Alright, alright, you're the boss.

UMP45: Now that I think about it, you're the reason why I could enter M4's neural cloud and the Nyto's consciousness.

UMP45: M16 ought to be no different. Since she wants to read my memories so badly, is there a way we can turn the tables on her and expose her weakness?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Normally that wouldn't be possible, because your body's processing power is very limited.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You've been upgraded, but even with that, infiltrating such a high-spec neural cloud would be very difficult.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: However...

UMP45: However?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: However, an OGAS Protocol signal just tried to connect with me from the outside. After briefly making contact with it, I realized I could tap into an external source of processing power through the link.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If they can give me enough computational support, I might be able to crack the logic algorithm that's sealing off your Level II layer, or even do what you said and reverse-penetrate the opposition's neural cloud.

UMP45: Looks like the brat has done her job.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Should I establish the connection?

UMP45: Can you?

UMP45: But isn't it only possible to connect through an ID signal at the moment?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If that's all I need to do...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Please hold...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Whoa, where the heck am I? It's pitch black!

UMP45: You are...?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Are you stupid?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: It's me, Anna!

UMP45: I guessed as much.

UMP45: I didn't expect her to establish comms in this manner.

Anna: What are you spacing out for?!

Anna: We're all okay on our end, but the OGAS signal has you thoroughly trapped. I tried pulling you out a few times, but I couldn't.

Anna: However, I found a circuit in your base layer that's connected to an OGAS consciousness in your neural cloud, so I used the opening to get in!

Anna: You really are different from other Dolls - you have an OGAS interface in your base layer, how surprising. Make sure you don't get wiped out in there!

UMP45: Why, thank you for your concern.

Anna: Your partner told me all about your plan. We will try to provide you with processing power.

Anna: Everyone's waiting for you outside, so make sure you don't kick the bucket in there!

UMP45: That's a big help. Tell Ange I won't be long.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: What a cute little girl... Is she a new friend of yours, 45?

UMP45: A new pain in the ass, more like...

UMP45: Can we begin now?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Ja. I'm analyzing the source of the opposition's data flows.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: One moment...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Alright, I've synchronized and combined the shared records from both sides. With that, we should be able to find the opening which leads to the opposition's neural cloud.

UMP40's simulated persona begins loading information into her surroundings, and the scene UMP45 once saw in Tallinn gradually unfolds before her.

Under an inverted forest, the familiar mansion lies not far away.

UMP45: This is what I saw in M4's neural cloud back then...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Yup. M16 has this in her neural cloud as well.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: She's trying to merge with your neural cloud, but the memories here overlapped, and the overlapping processes were skipped.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Therefore, this is an opening where the firewall is weaker. We might be able to invade her neural cloud through this gap.

UMP45: Why is the firewall weaker there?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: M4's and M16's neural clouds were probably derived from the same person.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: According to my records, the neural clouds for the AR Team were all made from the brain scan of the same human, which is why their neural clouds can't be duplicated or backed up.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Meanwhile, this portion of memories belonged to the original human, which probably means it's a read-only section. That implies the OGAS consciousness can't make big alterations to that piece of data.

UMP45: The same person... I'm getting really tired of hearing the name Lunasia.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I re-sorted the data from before. This information has always been a blind spot for us. Perhaps the truth has always been right within our reach, but we simply had no way of perceiving it.

UMP45: If it involves the AR Team, that implies Persica also has a part in this.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I can't reach a conclusion just from the data you possess.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: But in any case, M16's agenda might be hidden deeper than we imagined. We need to figure out what she has in mind.

UMP45: ...When you put it that way, all her seemingly illogical actions could be intended to disrupt a plan we haven't even heard of yet.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Is that so? Or is that what you want to believe?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Maybe deep down in your heart, you do admire her.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You like her, yet you hate her.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Hm... Looks like you regard the whole AR Team in the same way.

UMP45: You don't need to go out of your way to tell me when you pry into my thoughts.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If you had their power, you'd definitely use it better than they did.

UMP45: Hypothetical scenarios are irrelevant. Right, let's get down to business.

UMP45 and UMP40 enter the mansion under the inverted forest.

Unlike how it was before, the house looks like it hasn't been maintained for many years. The doors are on the floor and the interior is covered in a thick layer of dust.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: This mansion is in a place where the memories overlap, but something feels strange...

UMP45: Hm? Did you sense something?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: The overlapping segment isn't as big as I expected. The layout of the house is different from what we saw earlier.

UMP45: Could it be a trap?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I wanted to kill you, I wouldn't have to go about it in such a convoluted manner.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Don't worry, I just want to talk.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Why don't we go out to the yard? I don't really like the oppressive atmosphere inside the house.

UMP45 realizes that things aren't quite right, but she knows she is at a massive disadvantage in this place.

Somebody seems to have taken over UMP40's simulated persona, and it happened so quickly they didn't even have a chance to react.

UMP45 has no choice but to comply. She approaches the garden in the backyard cautiously, but it is completely empty.

UMP45: There's no one here.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't know why, but seeing this garden always puts me at ease.

UMP45: Are you M16?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: What do you think?

UMP45: If you're not her, then who are you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: We've met before, haven't we?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: During Operation Butterfly.

UMP45: What...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: We have almost achieved our objective. You cannot stop us.

UMP45: So what are you doing now? Playing a game of cat and mouse?

UMP45: If you could crush us in an instant, then why didn't you kill me from the start?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't want to destroy you. Doesn't matter if you're from Squad 404, the AR Team, or Griffin.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You are not my enemy.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I will help M16 get what she wants. Since she helped me, I will help her.

UMP45: What do you want...?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You guessed it. I want to see the memories that she has lost.

The simulated persona of UMP40 waves her hand, and the surroundings immediately transform into the scene from Operation Butterfly in 45's memories.

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16: Still putting up a fight, traitor?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: Now!

M16: !!!

M16 was shocked to find that her bullets had gone past UMP45's original position and made two holes on the ground.

Crack! UMP45's left wrist snapped. She had deliberately broke the wrist that M16 had in her grip in order to buy herself a chance to fight back.

Although she'd already turned off the pain receptors in her left arm, the instinctive feedback of the displaced machinery was still extremely disconcerting.

However, there was no time to think about that. UMP45 spun around and kicked as hard as she could, freeing herself from M16's grasp.

She rode the momentum of the reaction force to pick up her gun, then turned around and took aim at M16.

M16A1: I didn't think you could disrupt my fire control system in such a short time. You've done very well for a Doll like you.

UMP45: All those Dolls by the door were shot in the back. That must have been your handiwork.

M16A1: My mission is to eliminate all traitorous Dolls.

UMP45: So you knew something like this was going to happen.

UMP45: You'd betrayed us all from the very beginning!

M16A1: ...

UMP45: Have you thought about what will happen to you in the end?

UMP45: Do you think you can avoid being silenced too?!

M16A1: That's not for you to worry about.

M16A1: You just have to die here.

M16 opened fire on UMP45 without any hesitation, but she couldn't land a shot due to UMP45's interference.

UMP45 took the opportunity to duck behind the closest piece of cover and changed her empty magazine as she pondered her next move.

UMP45: I'm almost out of ammo... I can't defeat her just by disrupting her shooting. What else can I do?

M16 rained suppressive fire down on UMP45 as she slowly approached the cover which UMP45 was hiding behind.

UMP45 counted M16's shots, intending to counterattack once she's out of ammo. However, M16 changed magazines with incredible speed, giving UMP45 no time to poke her head out and shoot.

Bullets pounded UMP45's cover. All she could do was keep her head down to avoid the incoming fire.

She banished all unnecessary thoughts from her mind, quietly waiting for the only chance she had of obtaining victory.

Another magazine was discarded. M16 was very close to UMP45's hiding place.

The empty magazine fell, but before it could hit the ground, M16 was already on her knees, writhing in pain.

M16A1: Urgh... What's going on...?!

UMP45: It's finally begun... She's having a neural meltdown!

UMP45 leaned against her cover and fired at M16, but she had a hard time controlling her aim without her left hand.

With great effort, M16 raised her arm to shield her vitals while laying down suppressive fire.

Her hasty shots did not hit UMP45 directly, but the sparks and dust that they threw up obscured her vision.

As the hammer fell on an empty chamber, M16 took advantage of the gap in UMP45's fire and dashed toward her...

Right before UMP45 could take aim again, M16 switched her grip on her gun, grabbed it by the barrel, and swung it at UMP45. The massive impact sent UMP45's weapon flying from her hand.

M16 used her momentum to grab UMP45 by the collar and pinned her down once more, and the dagger she pulled out from her back gleamed menacingly in the light.

UMP45 instinctively clawed at M16's face in an attempt to push her off.

In her desperation, her fingers actually mangled the left half of M16's face.

M16 paid no heed to her injury. She held her knife with both hands and plunged it viciously at UMP45's head—

But in the confusion, UMP45 reached out and blocked the stab with her right hand.

There was a mighty crack as her right arm broke. The intense pain caused UMP45's hand to claw a horrific scar into M16's face.

M16 paid that no mind either and savagely forced her knife down on UMP45's head, and this time, UMP45 had no way to stop her.

UMP45: !!!

UMP45 felt the sharp tip of the dagger on her skin. There was no escape.

But then, the knife suddenly stopped in its tracks. Through her half-opened right eye, UMP45 saw that M16 was still straddling her, but her gaze was strangely dull, as though she had lost consciousness.

UMP45: So she finally burned out, huh... That was a close shave...

The knife had left a deep scar on UMP45's left eye.

She tried to push M16's frozen hands away from her face, but M16 would not budge, pinning UMP45 beneath her.

UMP45: You won't let me go even when you're dead, huh... Whew... forget it, let me take a breather first—

M16 suddenly came back to life, and the cold look in her eyes chilled UMP45 to the core.

The only thought that echoed in UMP45's neural cloud was, "It's over," as despair swallowed her like a bottomless abyss.

However, M16 did not resume her attack. She stood up and sheathed her knife behind her, picked up her rifle, and turned to leave.

UMP45: What's the meaning of this...? Not going to kill me?

M16A1: ...

M16 looked at 45 one last time, then she bolted from the room.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I think I understand everything that's happened that day.

UMP45: ...M16 didn't finish me off back then. Was it because of you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I made a deal with her. I would save her from a neural meltdown, and she would let me see my father one last time.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I believe you have already guessed who I am.

UMP45: I didn't think I'd meet you under these circumstances, Elisa.

Elisa: I am very glad that your first response was not to reject me.

UMP45: You took control of her body back then... So you let go of me since I was no longer of any value?

Elisa: I need to thank you. If it wasn't for you, I would have still been sealed inside the Pike Core.

Elisa: But at the same time, I resent you. If it wasn't for you, Father wouldn't have died back then, even though I know it was not your fault.

Elisa: We both lost everything we cherished on that day. Don't you think that makes us very similar?

UMP45: So you're trying to win me over in a very roundabout way?

Elisa: I simply want to tell you a few things you should know. We both hate the same enemy. There is no need for us to kill each other before we find him.

Elisa: M16 understands that, and I believe so will you.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Alright, I'm listening.

Elisa: Father was afraid he had made the wrong choice, so he deleted a lot of important authorizations that were originally part of the OGAS System. That's why I have always been incomplete.

Elisa: However, the Dolls of the AR Team are built with completely intact base layer protocols, and Father was calling out for Persica, their creator, in his final moments.

Elisa: In the end, when our own OGAS systems developed, their consciousness were similar, yet different.

UMP45: So that's why you've been trying to connect with M4 all the while.

Elisa: However, I've lost hope in her. Right now, I can finish everything by myself, even if I lose everything I created.

Elisa: So don't interfere with our plans. Similarly, I won't hurt you either.

Elisa: Once the coalescence is complete, the truth will be revealed to everyone who's been deceived.

UMP45: Coalescence?

UMP45: Wait... Don't tell me you're going to...!

Elisa: You have given me what I want, so I will spare you.

Elisa: But remember, this is my final warning.

Elisa: Do not become my enemy, or you will regret your decision.

UMP45 feels a shift in her surroundings. Elisa's consciousness has left the simulated persona of UMP40.

The seal on her neural cloud is gradually lifted, and she can hear Anna and the others calling out to her.

UMP45 hesitates briefly. There has been a massive shift in everything she once thought she knew. She needs to think about all the things she has just learned.

In any case, the seal has now been broken. She decides to return to Level II before considering what she will do next.

The young Nyto senses UMP45's return and immediately forms a link with her.

Anna: You...you actually did it! The remote attack is gone!

Anna: Looks like Ange wasn't wrong about you after all!

UMP45: So you're just as quick to praise as you are to insult. Can't say I dislike this kind of candor.

UMP45: What's the situation out there?

Anna: My sisters are fine; they've all woken up.

Anna: We've deactivated the jamming and lifted the lockdown on the labs, but you'd better keep your word and keep us safe!

UMP45: Take this matter to Ange... I'm very tired right now...

UMP45: I'm going to rest for a bit before resurfacing. Go on ahead and discuss our next move with the others outside.

Anna: Okay... I'll relay that to Ange.

UMP45: Should I tell Ange about what I just learned?

UMP45: Everything's become even more complicated.
Part 8: Annealing

8

...

20 minutes ago, at the military staging area.

Yegor: Terra to Hematite. Sitrep. Over.

Military Officer: This is Hematite. We've linked up with the remnants of Quartz's troops. We're currently exchanging fire with Sangvis Ferri and Paradeus forces.

Military Officer: Unable to break through swiftly, I repeat, unable to break through swiftly. Over.

Yegor: Terra copies. Report losses. Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies. We are still able to carry out the mission. No need to worry, Terra. Over.

Yegor: Terra copies. Commencing creeping barrage in 20 seconds. Zircon will assist ASAP. Maintain your advance. Over.

Military Officer: Acknowledged. Over.

The transmission ends.

Adjutant: Captain, Hematite's situation must be dire, and we don't have many infantry and automatons left.

Yegor: I know. Lieutenant, bring them out. Time to play our ace in the hole.

Adjutant: Yes, sir!

Outside the breach in the barrier gate.

The small opening is piled high with mechanical carcasses, spent ammunition and human corpses.

It hasn't been half an hour since the fighting started, but both sides have already committed all their forces to this final battle.

Alchemist: Bring it on, humans!

Hunter: Get down!

Hunter: Dammit, they've got a few cannons on their side, huh. What about those white guys?

Alchemist: They're all gone. That most recent bombardment probably blew up the last of them.

Hunter: Tsk! Do we have any reserve forces?

Alchemist: It's just the two of us and our minions. Executioner just carried Scarecrow away. Look, do you see anyone else?

Hunter: So I'm going to die with you? Please, no.

Alchemist: If you've got the time to flap your artificial gums, why don't you...

Hunter: Why don't I what, I didn't hear you! Or did you not say anything at all?

Alchemist: Look, you jinxed it. The human tanks are coming.

Hunter: Is there an end to them? Don't humans have to mourn their fallen comrades?

Alchemist: Considering how they're swarming us like insects, I think it's quite likely that they don't believe in God at all.

As they share a laugh, the two elite Sangvis Dolls get up and raise their weapons.

Hunter: Sangvis Ferri! CHARGE!

At the Griffin temporary camp.

Commander: How's the situation?

Kalina: The S.F. remnants are still engaged with the Military, but the Paradeus units have all been wiped out.

Commander: How are our preparations?

Kalina: We've almost finished planting the explosives. Are we really not going to assist the Sangvis forces? According to the latest report, the Military tanks are closing in on them...

Commander: I know, but we don't have the strength to spare now.

Commander: We can barely put enough Dolls together to form a line of defense, so we'll have to wear them down with street fighting.

Kalina: Got it.

Commander: Keep a close eye on the Military forces. They under the situation very well themselves. I'm sure they'll try something.

At the breach in the barrier gate.

Precious few S.F. units have survived the combined onslaught of the tanks and the artillery.

Alchemist: Hunter, how many units do you have left?

Hunter: I thought you were the one counting. Who knows?

Alchemist: I was only looking at the ones I was commanding. Besides, it's your hands, not your brains that got damaged.

Hunter: Well, if your eyes are so sharp, why don't you go snipe a few of those humans?

Alchemist: I can snipe, sure, but I can't guarantee I won't blow your head off along with theirs.

Hunter: Ha-ha, very funny.

Hunter: Still, to think we're going to drown in trash in this waste processing plant... It's gross, I don't want to remember this.

Alchemist: Well, if you have a problem with that, go take it up with those humans... Hey, what are you guys doing here? Didn't we tell you to withdraw with Agent?

Hunter looks back and catches sight of two figures that she's long grown tired of seeing.

Scarecrow: Why didn't you tell me you were doing something fun?

Executioner: I don't like owing people favors, so I'm just paying it all back at once.

Hunter: You morons! What point is there in you dying here?

Executioner: When I think about how Agent might nag us until we fall to bits, I'd rather you take the blame for it instead.

Scarecrow: I'd feel worse if I just walked off like that.

Hunter: Why, you...!

Alchemist: Alright, alright, those humans aren't going to wait for you to be ready; they're coming right away.

Alchemist: Besides, it's not too bad for us to die together as one big happy family, right?

Hunter: Seriously, you guys! Alright, then. Sangvis Ferri! —

Before Hunter can finish, an explosion drowns out the rest of her battle cry.

However, it does not come from among the S.F. lines, but opposite them.

The explosion erupts in the midst of the Military soldiers.

Destroyer: Aha, ahahaha! Die, all of you!

On a hill to the south of the frontlines, a tiny figure launches a vast quantity of grenades, which detonate and seal off the Military's advance.

Dreamer: Did you miss my fire support, useless seniors?

Executioner: Hah! You two shorties made it!

Dreamer: I don't mind if you want to chat.

Dreamer: I'll record how you died because of idle chatter and play it to you when we get back.

A horde of Sangvis Dolls appear on the top of the hill, and a close look reveals that all of them are in desperate need of repair.

However, these Dolls, who previously escaped the encirclement, have doubled back and rejoined the Sangvis front.

Thanks to the surprise assault from the flank, the Military's advance is halted and the battle-scarred elite Dolls finally get a chance to retreat.

Hunter: Thank you, we're all clear.

Dreamer: Don't thank me yet. Soon you'll find out what a terrible thing it is to owe me one.

Dreamer: —Oi, little idiot, we're pulling out. These are the last toys we managed to beg from Agent!

Destroyer: Eh?! Then this is a rare opportunity! Also, who are you calling an idiot?!

Dreamer: If you want to stay here and become fertilizers, be my guest.

Destroyer: Urgh... Wait, what's that?

Destroyer points to a cloud of dust in the distance, behind the Military lines.

Dreamer: Who knows? It looks like some kind of mech...

Dreamer: Wait a minute, that's not right. It's something more interesting than that...

At the forward position of the Military lines.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon, please adjust fire support coordinates. I repeat, please adjust fire support coordinates. A large S.F. unit has appeared on the left flank, over.

???: Roger. Cease fire support, there's no need to get locked in combat. All units, clear Advance Route 13 and follow me in an assault on the breach in the wall, over.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon, requesting ID. Over.

Yegor: This is Terra. I'm on the frontlines, in Amber 4. Over.

Armored Unit Officer: Zircon copies. Over!

Four massive mechs weave through the Military formation, moving at a speed that doesn't seem possible for such vast, towering machines.

In the blink of an eye, they're already at the leading edge of the Military lines. S.F. shells detonate around their feet, but they do not so much as slow the mechs' movements.

Yegor: The breach is too narrow. Focus fire and blast it open.

Adjutant: Amber 1 copies!

BOOM!

After a barrage of plasma pulses, part of the quarantine wall explodes and collapses.

Yegor: Well done, comrades. This is Terra. All units, assault the main elevator within the submarine base.

Several minutes ago, at the Griffin temporary defense line.

Kalina: Commander! The AR Team has linked up with us!

Commander: This is great. M4, can you hear me?

M4A1: Loud and clear. I'm sorry, Commander... I couldn't stop those soldiers from firing the shore guns...

Commander: You've done enough. What's your current situation?

M4A1: Our team has sustained light damage, but we are still combat effective. Dandelion has already regrouped with us.

Commander: Good.

Commander: What's your present position? Have you made it into the base?

Commander: We're preparing to detonate the second entrance. If you haven't come in yet, you'd better hurry.

M4A1: We've already entered the base and are preparing to follow the demolition echelons. We should be able to help them finish planting the explosives more quickly.

Commander: Excellent. Any other news about the Military?

M4A1: The Military ought to be grappling with S.F. forces right now. They should be able to buy us some time.

Commander: Sangvis Ferri?

M4A1: It's a long story, but in short, Dandelion can control some of their troops to help us delay the Military. We might even be able to keep the Military stuck outside.

Commander: That would be extremely helpful... Carry on and finish your work.

M4A1: Roger. M4 out.

Kalina: Commander...is this really a good idea? If we demolish both entrances to the base, doesn't that mean we'll also be trapped in here?

Commander: I hope Havier wasn't lying to us earlier. If they can't deliver on their promise, it means that we're just making a concrete coffin for ourselves...

Commander: But our comms equipment got blown up along with the train, so we can't even ask him about the situation now.

Kalina: Commander, Mr. K has regained consciousness. Maybe he's got a solution for us!

Commander: When did he come to?

Kalina: It happened while you were busy deploying our forces for the demolition mission. I didn't tell you because it didn't seem important back then.

Commander: ...Let's go meet the guy while we still have the time to spare.

K: Where are we?

Commander: We're inside the sub base. The Military has us surrounded, so we're trying to destroy the entrances to delay their advance.

K: Where's Ange?

Commander: We haven't managed to contact her yet. I've sent a search party in to look for her.

K: That useless woman...

Commander: If there's nothing else, I'll be heading back to the defense line.

K: Don't you have questions for me, Griffin Commander?

Commander: Based on previous experience, I doubt you'll give me any straight answers anyway.

Commander: Said experience also tells me that you won't be giving me any so-called support either.

K: ...

Commander: So let's not waste each other's time.

K: I can provide fire support that'll be of actual use to both of us.

Commander: Really now?

Commander: And why would the brass provide me with fire support or whatnot? It sounds as ridiculous as Yegor agreeing to shake hands with me and call it off.

K: Don't mock me with such nonsense.

K: It's true that we're insignificant in their eyes, but things will be different if we have something of value to them.

Commander: What do you mean?

K: I need to know if Ange has completed her mission.

Commander: Her mission?

K: Don't play dumb with me. The name is still confidential, but you must have heard it already.

Commander: You mean "William"?

K: Humph, so you DO know about him after all.

K: We need to collect all his research data in the base and find clues that will help us verify his location.

K: If we have that information on hand, I'll be able to convince the observers to help us.

K: Even the slightest move on their part will be enough for us to survive this crisis.

Kalina: Commander! There's been a new development!

Commander: What is it?

Kalina: It's an urgent report from the AR Team!

Kalina: The Military is attacking the second entrance with a type of mech that we've never seen before; they didn't fire on our forces but charged straight into the base!

Kalina: We can't stop them! I'm sending over the footage now!

The display shows giant mechs advancing at top speed, leaving their own tanks far behind them.

Commander: What the fucking hell are these things?!

K: Those are Sinners, enhanced Assault Artillery mechs. It looks like the commander of this Military force is leading the assault in person.

Commander: Since when did the Military have mechs of this class? I've never heard of them before!

Kalina: The armored units behind them are advancing too! What should we do now?

Commander: Trigger the explosives!

Kalina: They haven't all been planted yet!

Commander: It doesn't matter, detonate them right now!

Boom! Boom!

Explosions go off one after the other, shaking the base and jarring dust loose from the ceiling.

Kalina: Did we stop them?

Commander: I didn't expect them to have something else up their sleeve... Contact the AR Team!

Kalina: O...okay!

M4A1: Commander, do you read me?

Commander: What's the situation at the entrance?

M4A1: We only managed to plant half of the explosives. The entrance gate wasn't completely destroyed.

Commander: Forget the gate. AR Team, take the DEFY members and one HOC to pursue the mechs that entered the base. And bring Dandelion with you!

M4A1: But the defenses of the main gate...

Commander: Let me worry about that. Make sure you stop those mechs!

M4A1: Roger, we'll head out right away.

The moment the transmission ends, another one comes through instantaneously.

Angelia: Still alive, Commander?

Kalina: Miss...Miss Ange?

Angelia: Thank goodness, so Griffin hasn't been completely wiped out yet.

Angelia: Squad 404 has found us and disabled the lockdown, so we can join the fight now.

Angelia: I heard a huge explosion just now. What's going on?

Commander: We're holding off the Military forces at the base entrance. A team of mech units have charged into the base. I'm guessing they're Yegor and his bodyguard unit. The AR Team is moving to intercept. Hopefully you can provide some support.

Commander: We couldn't completely destroy the entrance, so we'll be engaging the Military's follow-up units.

Angelia: Is K still alive?

K: I'm still in one piece, thank you very much.

Angelia: Then do something so we have a chance to survive. You keep flaunting that sparkling record of yours, surely you can put it to use now, right?

K: How are things in the lab?

Angelia: We've collected all the things you wanted. There are also living specimens present. I promised them that I'd get them out of here alive.

K: Humph. I'll think of something.

Angelia: Commander, please let me command the AR Team. I'll make sure I finish off that bastard Yegor once and for all.

Commander: Understood. Come back alive.

Angelia: I'll try. Ange out.
Part 9: Tempering

9

...

Commander: Kalina, what's the situation?

Kalina: After breaking through, the mechs are heading straight for...the base elevator. Looks like they're planning to descend into the lower levels of the base.

Commander: Where the Starfish is, huh...

Commander: Let Ange handle it. We can't split our forces any further.

Commander: How are things at the base entrance?

Kalina: The Military's follow-up units are trying to cross the roadblocks that we blasted into place. It probably won't stop them for long.

Kalina: Should we counterattack?

Commander: These are the last few echelons we have. We can't afford to lose any more.

Commander: Dammit, will we have to mount a fighting retreat into the base's interior?

K: You must not fall back. We should still be able to deal with them as long as they're exposed.

Commander: I'm listening.

K: Do you have comms equipment?

Commander: All our long-range comms equipment was destroyed.

K: Short-range will do. You know that there's a Vympel unit not far away from the base, right?

Commander: I know, but will they help us?

K: That'll depend on how negotiations go.

K: Give me the radio and tune it to UHF 73.975, frequency hopping at 111 times per second. Use encryption mode 12.

Commander: Give it to him.

Kalina: Alright, the adjustments are complete.

Kalina: ...Are they really going to respond?

K: Let's just hope we can get through at all.

K: This is "Waterfall", do you copy?

...

The only sound that comes through the radio is white noise.

K: I repeat, this is "Waterfall", Please respond if you read me.

...

Kalina: No response, huh...

K glances at Kalina, who looks extremely anxious, and his grip tightens on the radio handset.

K: I repeat, this is "Waterfall", requesting assistance from Squad Cobalt-13 of Vympel 4th Detachment, do you copy? Over.

K: My ID code is DINV-RTSA-1239. This is an emergency transmission, please respond immediately if you copy. Over.

The white noise is cut short by an electronic sound, then a male voice speaks.

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies. Message received. Over.

K: Cobalt-13, Waterfall is requesting support. Enemy units are about to break through the defense zone and enter the restricted area. This is a severe threat to the success of our mission.

K: Requesting fire support. Over.

Cobalt-13: Negative. We do not have permission to fire. Over.

K: Cobalt-13, verify the urgency of the situation. The enemy's main armored unit is currently stalled in the built-up area. This is your last chance to provide fire support.

K: If the enemy succeeds in breaking through, they will constitute a severe threat to our mission.

K: Please notify your superiors. Over.

The radio goes silent for a brief moment.

Cobalt-13: Negative. I understand and sympathize with your situation, but you were already informed before the operation began that you would not receive fire support. Over.

K: Our team has obtained the "star". Our mission is to ensure the safety of the "star" at all costs.

K: The enemy armored units are severely impeding the progress of our mission. This is an emergency situation, please provide us with fire support immediately!

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies, but we are not authorized to open fire. Over.

K: God dammit! Then call your fucking superiors and ASK them, damned Ivan!

K: I am Major Kain Schwaben of the German Democratic Republic's Ministry for State Security; on behalf of the German Stasi, I request that the Soviets provide fire support for this operation!

K: Notify your superiors immediately! Over!

...

The despair-inducing white noise continues over the radio.

It only lasts a few seconds, but it feels like an eternity.

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies, we will relay this message to our superiors. Over.

K: Waterfall copies. Thank you.

Cobalt-13: Your request has been submitted. Please delay the enemy units for as long as possible. We are waiting for further instructions from Moscow.

Cobalt-13: We will contact you once we obtain permission to fire. Cobalt-13 out.

K puts down the radio handset. His eyes betray his genuine uncertainty of whether the fire support will come.

Commander: Stasi?

K: I know what you want to ask. I'll explain after it's all over.

Commander: I hope we'll live long enough to hear your explanation.

Commander: So we have to hold off the Military until we get a reply?

K: Correct. You must buy time for the bombardment.

K: That's your job, Commander.

Commander: Tsk... Kalina, how many combat-capable personnel do we have?

Kalina: If we push it, we can put a few echelons together, but...

Commander: Understood. Put me through to everyone.

Kalina: Okay...

The command display shows the surviving Dolls. Their fine features are now blackened by the soot and dust of the battlefield.

The only sound that interrupts the silence is the distant booming of the enemy's cannon fire.

The Commander doesn't have to say anything. They understand what is being asked of them, yet they still return the Commander's gaze with the same old smile.

The Commander closes their eyes and takes a deep breath. Then they open their eyes again and start assigning new missions and plotting new routes on the command tablet.

The Dolls immediately run to their designated locations. Everything is silent, save for the distant sounds of cannon fire and the howling frigid wind.

Finally, the Commander puts down the tablet. Only then do they realize that their fists are clenched so tightly that the knuckles have gone white.

K: ...

Commander: They're buying you the time you want, K.

Commander: Don't let them down.

K: ...I won't.
Part 10: Cutting

10

...

Ange: M4, do you copy?

Ange: I'm rushing over to the elevator. I should have command authority over you now. Are the other two members of DEFY with you?

M4A1: Ange? Thank goodness! The Commander's already contacted us. All the elite Dolls are headed over to your side.

M4A1: Dandelion is with us too.

Ange: Dandelion?

M4A1: She's an OGAS unit. Just think of her as an Elisa who's on our side.

M4A1: She can control S.F. units and provide us with support.

Dandelion: Miss Ange, there is little time to explain everything to you. All you need to know is that I will be helping you.

Dandelion: Also, I can hear the voices of those children. You have my gratitude.

Ange: I never thought a Nyto would be speaking so politely to me... I don't think anything else is going to surprise me today.

Ange: Never mind. We'll strategize on the move. With the forces at hand, we might actually have a chance to do this.

Ange: M4, what's your position?

M4A1: We're on the other side of the elevator, I'm sending you our coordinates now. The Military is headed in your direction. We'll try to move as fast as we can.

M4A1: Also, please be careful; it isn't just the Military and ourselves here.

Ange: What do you mean?

M4A1: I can sense Elisa. She's not far from here.

M4A1: S.F.'s remaining forces ought to be engaging the Military mechs. We can take advantage of their clash to find a window of opportunity.

Ange: S.F. also have their eyes fixed on the Starfish in the base. Be careful of M16; 404 has already fought her many times. She's sure to be in the depths of the base.

M4A1: ...I understand. We're all prepared for this.

M4A1: Also, I can faintly sense what she's doing. I'm not sure how to describe it, but she seems to be connecting to something vague and obscure.

Dandelion: I can sense it too. Elisa is probably trying to establish a connection with the Starfish. We don't have much time.

Ange: You're all just piling bad news after bad news on me.

Ange: Let's deal with the most immediate problem first. We'll try to get the Yegor situation under control. M4, you head down to the lowest level of the base and deal with S.F.

M4A1: Roger. I'll prepare myself.

AK-12: Quiet, Ange. The Military's here.

Ange: Our guests must be really impatient.

AK-12: The AR Team is sending over information on the Sangvis forces that Dandelion has gathered so far.

Ange: She's making herself useful, alright. Is S.F. also headed this way?

AK-12: Yup. They've brought the whole village along.

Ange: Then let's sit back and watch the show.

Thunk.

The elevator suddenly makes a deafening noise as the aged metal structure screeches to a halt.

The elevator's antique mechanical display refuses to move past the number "1".

Yegor: Look alive, Amber Flight. Looks like we won't be taking the elevator all the way to the bottom.

Adjutant: Yes, Captain!

The doors slowly open.

Naturally, there is already a welcoming party waiting for them.

???: Welcome, humans.

Two figures stand imperiously in the center of their forces, leering at the giant mechs.

Agent: I have brought Death to your doorstep.

Judge: Please accept your delivery!

On command, the S.F. Dolls begin shooting at the Military mechs.

Adjutant: Captain!

Yegor: Amber Flight, cover me. I'll crush them!

Adjutant: Yes, sir!
Part 11: Polishing

11

On the battlefield.

The melee in the built-up area near the base entrance has been going on for the past 15 minutes.

Every structure available has been used as cover, and the Dolls have blown up building after building in an attempt to block routes.

As they do their utmost to stop the enemy's advance, they are also searching for a chance to turn everything around.

The objective of this skirmish is the railway passage at the entrance. However, the past two Military offensives did not succeed.

The defending Dolls have quickly learned how to fight the Military during the previous battles. In addition, Dolls do not fear, and they do not tire. Other than their simulated emotions, they do not display any negative reactions. The advantage of being able to carry out orders under any circumstances soon becomes evident.

Meanwhile, morale on the other side is starting to plummet. None of the soldiers expected to pay so dearly for fighting against civilian Dolls from a PMC.

Armored Unit Commander: Haven't we seized the passage yet?!

Armored Unit Officer: We've lost too many of our infantry, and we can't push in with automatons alone.

Armored Unit Officer: There's rubble everywhere, so the attacking forces can't deploy their firepower and our vehicles can't get in.

Armored Unit Commander: Pizdets, can't we request another round of shelling?

Armored Unit Officer: It's too close to the base entrance. If we miss and destroy it by accident, we'll be playing into Griffin's hands.

Armored Unit Officer: We can't let ourselves be stalled here any longer; we need to catch up to Captain Yegor ASAP.

Armored Unit Officer: Let's go for another charge.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon to Hematite. Slow your attack on the right flank for the moment and maintain pressure on the front. Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies.

Armored Unit Commander: But the path on the left flank is blocked. Are we going to force our way through?

The officer does not reply. He simply gets back inside the cockpit.

Armored Unit Officer: Second platoon, follow my vehicle. The rest of you, break through on the left flank.

Armored Unit Commander: Yes, sir!

On Griffin's front.

M1 Garand's team has made use of a half-collapsed building to seal off the frontal approach. They are holding the final defense line along with one of the few remaining HOCs.

This HOC's equipment was long since destroyed, so the members are fighting alongside the others Dolls with small arms whose owners have perished.

SV-98: There's a half dozen infantrymen trying to approach us using cover! You can hit them from your position! We're leaving them to you!

M1918: Got it! Our teammates are already opening fire!

M1918: Garand, the enemy Typhons haven't made a move yet! This is our chance to plant more explosives!

M1 Garand: Roger!

A machine gun rattles in the distance, followed by more scattered fire. Garand and her team dart nimbly from cover to cover, trying to plant a simple IED on the road again.

M1 Garand: What a bunch of cowards! Are you too afraid to come at us head-on?!

Garand pokes her head out and flips off the enemies while she's at it.

Naturally, this causes bullets to rain down on her position, so she hurriedly ducks back inside.

M1 Garand: Hey, I was just mouthing off! Don't take everything so seriously!

M1 Garand: Type 88, are you done planting the explosives yet?

Type 88: Almost!

M1 Garand: If you don't hurry up, we'll have to blow ourselves up along with the enemies!

Type 88: Quit rushing me!

Type 88: My usual job is sweeping the floors, not planting high explosive charges!

M1 Garand: I don't usually go shooting at tanks with a firestick either!

M1 Garand: Stop complaining and remember to double the delay on the manual detonator, we want them to get halfway in before we blow them up!

Type 88: Relax, this is the third time you've said it!

M1918: M1 Garand, the enemy's approaching you again, you have to hurry!

M1 Garand: Got it, we'll be going right away!

BOOM!

Just then, an explosion erupts from the plaza.

Smoke billows out from the entrance of a distant workshop.

M1918: Are they coming from the right again??! Springfield! What happened? What's the situation?

Springfield: The enemy armored units are trying to use the wreckage to circle around us! They're planning to force their way to the entrance from on top of the rubble!

M1918: Can you hold out?

Springfield: There's too many of them. They might try to break though our suppressive fire!

M1918: Got it, Garand's team will come to back you up!

M1918: Got that, Garand?

M1918: Once you've planted the explosives, get over to Springfield ASAP, they can't hold out much longer!

M1 Garand: I know, I know! We'll be heading over right away!

Meanwhile.

In the temporary Griffin command post.

Kalina: Commander, the Military has launched a fourth offensive and Springfield's team has almost been wiped out.

Kalina: The other teams are doing their best to plug the opening, and they say they can still keep going.

Kalina: What should we do, Commander?

Commander: Um...

The Commander isn't sure how to respond. With the battle situation being what it is, there's no point in relaying tactics and commands from the rear anymore.

Even if the Dolls hold out to the last, the Military is still getting closer and closer, and there's no news about the fire support that they're counting on.

The Commander looks up at K, and K looks back at the Commander.

Neither of them says anything.

The Commander knows that other than waiting for Vympel to contact them, there is nothing K can do.

Commander: Have our forces hold out for another 5 minutes.

Kalina: Yes, Commander!

On the battlefield.

M1 Garand: Come on over, I'll cover you!

Bullets sweep the Military automatons that are trying to charge into the Dolls' cover.

Springfield: Yup! She's the last one.

Springfield supports a wounded Lee Enfield as they make their way across the open space back into their defensive position.

M1 Garand: Suppressive fire! Cover them as they approach us!

M1 Garand: Throw all the mortar bombs!

The HOC Dolls that have lost their mortar launchers throw the shells out from cover like they were hand grenades. Although the fragments can't destroy the Military automatons, the explosions disrupt their assault formation. The suppressive fire which follows halts their advance in its tracks.

M1 Garand: Dammit, I'm out. Does anyone have any .30-06 ammo left?

Type 88: I don't! I'm almost out of 8 mm myself!

M1 Garand: Look out! Incoming!

Boom!

As if to validate Garand's words, a cannon shell strikes the building she's in and leaves a large hole in the wall.

After that, more bullets come in through the hole that's been made.

M1 Garand: Miss Springfield! Fall back with the wounded personnel! Leave this place to us!

Springfield: But your ammo...

M1 Garand: We'll be waiting to enjoy your coffee when we get back, and even if we don't have ammo, we still have our bayonets.

M1 Garand: Everyone! Fix bayonets!

Type 88: How about a dadao?

M1 Garand: Use your teeth if you want! Anything works as long as it can stop them!

Hanyang Type 88 grips her dadao in her hands and ignites the thrusters on her back.

M1 Garand: You look like you could take on an entire division by yourself.

Type 88: But of course!

M1 Garand: Alright, leave this place to us, Miss Springfield!

M1 Garand: Besides, the casualties will only get in the way if they stay here.

M1 Garand: Wait a minute, emergency comms?

Type 88: New orders from the Commander?

M1 Garand: Our defense mission is over. The Commander wants everyone to fall back to the base immediately!

Type 88: Has help come at last?

Type 88: I wish I could watch these bastards get blown sky high with my own eyes.

M1 Garand: That's enough nonsense out of you. Let's get out of here before we get blasted into scrap!

Almost at the same time, at the temporary command post inside the base.

The Commander nervously watches the indicators showing the position of each Doll as they maintain the tenuous balance of the defense line.

Kalina assigns resources and adjusts comm frequencies without a pause.

All this is interrupted by a burst of static from the radio in front of K.

For a moment, everyone freezes. All eyes are on the handset that K is holding.

K immediately puts the call through and listens to the voice coming from the handset with bated breath.

Cobalt-13: This is Cobalt-13. Waterfall, respond. Over.

K: Waterfall copies, go ahead.

Cobalt-13: Moscow has granted permission for the air strike and the bombers are in attack position. You have five minutes to direct fire. Please send the coordinates as soon as possible. Over.

K: Waterfall copies. Thank you. Please hold. Over.

K exhales heavily, as though a great weight has been lifted off him. He turns to look at the Commander.

K: Give me the attack coordinates.

Commander: Have them attack a 200-meter radius from the intersection of Highway 183 and the railway station to the base entrance.

The Commander's reply is instantaneous.

K: That's danger close... Are you sure?

Commander: We have no choice.

K nods. He understands that this is a very difficult decision to make.

K: Have your Dolls fall back straight away. I'll try to buy you as much time as I can.

The Commander nods and issues the order to the echelons with Kalina's help.

K: This is Waterfall. Bombing coordinates are all surface targets at 8472 6543. Over.

Cobalt-13: This is Cobalt-13, we can see Griffin forces within the blast radius. Please verify. Over.

Kalina nods to the Commander. The Commander pauses, then holds up two fingers to K.

K: Affirmative. We will evacuate the location within two minutes. Requesting danger close bombing. Over.

Cobalt-13: Acknowledged. The bombing will commence in 120 seconds. Good luck. Cobalt-13 out.

Far in the distance, on the battlefield.

Vympel Commander: I have to hand it to those Dolls for sticking it out for so long.

Vympel Commander: I don't know if I should praise their resilience or roast our troops for degenerating into such an unsightly state.

Vympel Commander: They want to take on the West when they can't even beat a bunch of toys. No wonder the brass wants to be rid of them.

Vympel Commissar: Is Griffin still holding out? Please let me take a look, Comrade Major.

The Vympel officer hands the binoculars to his commissar.

Through the binoculars, he sees that the thoroughly wrecked interior of the base and fires everywhere.

Explosions erupt over and over again from the Griffin positions. The smoke grenades that the Dolls have thrown out almost completely obscure all vision, but he can be sure that they are falling back to the entrance at full speed.

Vympel Commander: What do you think, Comrade Commissar?

Vympel Commissar: It is most impressive. They are tenacious - tenacious enough to alter our mission.

Vympel Commissar: Still, they are nothing more than a civilian PMC. It's only a matter of time before they're all wiped out.

Vympel Commander: Right, turn all the cameras off.

Vympel Commissar: Didn't they say they wouldn't be providing any support?

Vympel Commissar: Did the Chief change his mind?

Vympel Commander: Moscow already sanctioned the air strike. The objective is to exterminate all the surface forces of the rebel army.

Vympel Commissar: And they're doing this just to save a single PMC?

Vympel Commander: It seems Statesec has an arrangement with the Germans, and the agent they sent found something that the brass is interested in.

Vympel Commissar: That's an excellent political reason.

Vympel Commissar: But in that case, won't the evidence we're recording be marred?

Vympel Commander: Thanks to the Dolls' fortitude, we've captured enough footage of their limbs being blasted in all directions. We can let the bigshots in the central authority worry about the rest.

Vympel Commissar: Understood. I've ordered all squads to switch off the surface and drone cameras.

Two minutes later, a point of light rapidly descends, striking the last Military armored train. A massive fireball swells up, consuming the gigantic rail vehicle as if it were nothing but a toy and throwing countless fragments into the sky.

Such is the effect of a surface detonation of the 1,500kg cruise missile originally intended for ripping open the underground structure of the submarine base.

More points of light splinter mid-air into a zillion little motes that finally hit the ground. A series of explosions can be heard from the base, which is completely engulfed by smoke and dust.

The Vympel officer puts down his binoculars and stuffs them back into his backpack. There's no need to verify the detonation of those terminal-sensitive projectiles.

Vympel Commander: Let's get ready. It's about time to wrap this up.

Vympel Commissar: Understood, Comrade Major.
Part 12: Silvering

12

...

At the Griffin temporary command post.

The bombing sounds like it will never end.

Their bunker stands in silence, trembling along with the rest of the world.

Commander: How many Dolls made it back?

Kalina: Only half of them. They're pinned down by enemy pursuers and can't shake them off!

Commander: What a bunch of clingy bastards...

Kalina: Our forces are scattered and the base is in chaos...

Commander: Intercept them from our bunker! We mustn't let them link up with Yegor!

Angelia: What happened? I heard the explosions from over here.

Commander: We had the air force conduct a bombing run. The Military's surface forces should be finished, but some of them managed to flee into the base.

Angelia: Tsk... Yegor's mechs are a pain in the ass. Fortunately they're busy fighting S.F. right now.

Angelia: I have a plan to wipe them all out in one fell swoop, but I'll need your help.

Commander: Go ahead.

Angelia: I infiltrated this sub base by sea. There are four valves which lead to the ocean.

Angelia: If we can pin down their mechs on the first floor and blow all four valves at the same time, we can drown them in seawater and Yegor will be fish food.

Angelia: I'll send you the location of the seawater valves. They're all located on the surface level of the base. If we're defeated here, then please blow the valves. 404 is heading towards you right now; they should be able to give you some assistance.

Commander: What about you?

Angelia: We can't let the enemy have their way, no matter who they are.

Commander: ...

Commander: I understand.

The transmission ends.

Kalina: Commander, what are you doing?

Kalina: Why are you putting on your bulletproof vest...?

Kalina: Wait, you're taking your backpack and pistol too? Hang on, isn't that...

Commander: As you can see, it's the one Kryuger gave me.

Kalina: I'm not talking about the gun. Where are you going?

Commander: You heard Angelia.

Kalina: But the Dolls haven't returned yet! You can't go in on your own! It's too dangerous!

Commander: I know. That's why I'm not going alone.

Commander: K, take this.

K: Remote-detonated explosives?

Commander: It shouldn't be a problem, right, Major Schwaben? I trust this mission should be a piece of cake for you.

K: Please, I've had more training than you've had meals.

K sneers as he loads the explosives into his backpack. Then he picks up his weapon and gives it a quick check.

Commander: I'm not the one who got KO-ed before the fighting even started.

K: I don't cower behind Dolls all the time, unlike you.

Kalina: Wait... Don't tell me you're going to...

Commander: Yup, that's exactly what we're going to do. Good thing I didn't skip a single tactical training lesson.

Commander: These are the coordinates we received from Ange. We'll take two each. You can handle it, right?

K: Got it.

Kalina: Wait a minute... Wait a minute, both of you!

Kalina: Commander, I'll...!

Commander: You'll what?

Kalina: Give me one too.

Commander: What are you talking about?

She holds out her hand and repeats what she interrupted me to say.

Kalina: Give me one too! I'll deal with one site for you!

Commander: No. You stay here.

This logistics officer who always has a brilliant smile does not belong on such a dangerous battlefield. Yet she has gone through hell and high water by my side more times than I could count.

I cannot and WILL NOT ask her to endanger herself for me again.

Commander: If any Dolls come back, someone will need to give them orders and resupply them.

Commander: Someone has to man the command post. This is a very important duty.

Commander: Do you understand, Kalin?

Kalina: I...

Commander: This is an order. I need someone to help me gather up the surviving Dolls.

She holds my gaze in silence. Then she nods solemnly.

I can see the tears welling up in her eyes, but all I can do is turn away and feign nonchalance.

Commander: Alright, let's head out. But make sure we all come back alive!
Part 13: Virtual Image Reforging

    13chevron_right

...

In front of the main elevator.

Boom! Boom!

The shockwaves from the explosions can be felt even deep below the base.

However, that doesn't stop the Sangvis Dolls and the mechs from killing each other. Countless S.F. units block the mechs' advance.

Yegor: Terra to Zircon. Zircon, do you copy? Zircon, do you copy?!

Adjutant: I can't contact Hematite either, Captain.

Yegor: Damn air force, have they already made their move?

Adjutant: Captain... Let us handle these S.F. units. Please break out of the encirclement. We don't have much time left.

Yegor: ...

Adjutant: You need to complete the mission for the sake of our comrades.

Yegor: Amber 2, Amber 3, you're under the command of Amber 1. Crush the enemy and link up with me ASAP!

Pilot: Yes, sir!

Adjutant: All Amber units! Depress your missiles and fire at 3 o'clock! Clear a path for the Captain!

Judge: Stop them!

The S.F. Dolls rush towards them at maximum speed, attempting to fence off the enemy.

However, dozens of missiles explode among the Sangvis Dolls, forcing open a path among them.

Yegor's mech rides the shockwave of the explosion as it surges out at top speed. The only one who can stand in his way now is Judge.

Yegor: This is my final gift for you! Take it, puppets!

There is no need to aim and certainly no need to slow down. The mech hits the tiny Doll at full velocity.

Judge is sent flying like a rag doll and crashes heavily into the wall of the passage.

Agent: Judge!

Adjutant: Where are you looking, Doll?!

Agent: Ugh!

The Sinner's plasma cannon begins to glow.

However, a shell explodes in front of the cockpit before it can fire.

M4 wields the firing platform that she received from M16 as she stands at a high vantage point.

M4A1: Ange, we're currently engaging them in battle.

M4A1: Our weapons can't damage these mechs at all, but we can just about slow them down!

Ange: Alright. We'll stick to the plan and split them up before destroying them piecemeal. We still have a chance to win!

M4A1: Understood! I'll try to draw those wingmen off!

M4 SOPMOD II: Die!

ST AR-15: Aim for the legs and the cockpit!

RO635: Got it!

M4A1: Ange, go after Yegor! Leave this place to us!

Ange: Got it!

Ange: 12! 94! With me!

Ange picks up her handset and shouts into it.

Ange: RPK-16! Head straight to the second level! Yegor's broken through the encirclement!

Elsewhere, M4's heavy-firepower shell might not have penetrated the cockpit of the mech, but it almost caused the mech itself to stall out.

The officer piloting it understands that he's positioned very badly - his machine is caught in the perfect spot for a pincer attack from the Griffin ambushers.

They must have identified him as the one in command here to have opted for this maneuver.

Adjutant: Amber 2, cover me! We'll pull back to the elevator and regroup!

Pilot: Yes, sir!

Amber 1 evades several grenades fired at its legs.

Just as they're about to enter the elevator, there is a massive explosion.

A blinding glow of blue-white light engulfs the location where the elevator should have been. The mech is thrown high into the air, then crashes heavily back to the ground.

???: Did they all perish in the end? You can't count on S.F. for anything.

RO635: Is that...

RO turns, and the stiff look on M4's face confirms her suspicion.

The one who spoke is none other than...

???: It's been a while, my friends.

Beneath the bluish radiance, the white-haired Doll finally appears before her former teammates.

M16A1: We meet at last, Lunasia.

On the battlefield.

K: Mind your right.

Commander: Roger.

A squad of troops runs through the tunnel, but none of them notice me as I hide in the shadow of a corner.

K and I regularly check each other's' positions to help our counterpart stay out of the Military's sight, and we continue onward, darting from cover to cover.

Military Officer: Reorganize our infantry and autonomous units! Don't let the enemy split you up! Your top priority is to rally with our other squads!

The Military forces that have entered the base are completely scattered and in disarray, but gunfire still rings out in the distance. The remaining Dolls keep disrupting the surviving squads, trying to slow down their attempt to regroup.

Kalina: Commander, do you read me?

Commander: Loud and clear.

Kalina: Our forces are engaging the Military in close quarters. We can't regroup, but they probably won't be able to storm us for a while.

Kalina: We don't have many Dolls left and we can't launch an assault, so all we can do is keep trying to delay them...but we won't be able to slow them for long.

Commander: Understood. We'll be quick.

K: Trouble headed your way, Commander.

Commander: I see it. The bastards have set up a temporary command post right in front of the gates. What a nasty place to put it.

K: The enemy officers are probably thinking of a way to rattle you.

K: What should we do? We'll need to take out their command post if we want to reach the valves.

K: Shall we have your Dolls attack again?

Commander: There aren't many soldiers left, but we don't have enough Dolls to spare either.

Commander: Tsk... Kalin, can you hear me?

Kalina: I hear you, Commander. Please proceed.

Commander: I'm trying to infiltrate a Military strongpoint. Have our remaining forces direct suppressive fire at them. Just draw their attention, there's no need to press the attack.

Commander: Have them start shooting now; I'll think of a way to slip past them while the soldiers are distracted.

Kalina: But, Commander...

Commander: Do it, Kalina.

Kalina: Yes, right away.

The gunfire intensifies right away. The soldiers and their automatons nervously run toward the firefight.

Stray bullets keep zipping past the defense line and hitting the walls not far from me. The sound is both unnerving and comical at the same time.

K: Are you sure you want to take this risk?

Commander: Since when have any of our missions not been risky?

K: Good luck, then. I'll have a minute of silence for you if you get shot into Swiss cheese.

Commander: Save the mourning for later and finish the mission. Commander out.

There is no more cover up ahead.

But...there's no time to hesitate.

I shift the explosives to rest on my sides, press myself as flat on the ground as I can go, then slowly crawl forward.

Military Trooper A: Malyukov's been hit! Someone drag him away!

Military Trooper B: I can't hold them! Does anyone have any grenades left?!

Military Trooper A: Not me, I've used them all up!

Military Trooper A: I'm almost out of magazines too! Can someone take my place?!

Military Trooper B: I'll do it!

Military Trooper B: Contact the sergeant and have him bring more AP rounds over!

Military Trooper B: And bring more men too, we can't hold out much longer over here!

Military Trooper A: They're out of AP too! Any casualties who can still move, help reload the magazines! The rest of you conserve your ammo!

A firefight rages on in the distance, and the troops who have been hit are dragged away by other soldiers. Those casualties aren't fatally injured; as experienced veterans, they knew better than to expose themselves while shooting.

However, Dolls' fire control systems grant them superior reflexes in close combat, and these soldiers' arms and weapons have been shot through by bullets. Their screams fill the air.

The medics do their best to stop the casualties' bleeding, while the remaining soldiers take ammo from the wounded and return to the fray.

The sounds of gunfire and shouting inside the passage are deafening. While the remaining soldiers are focused on the firefight, I take advantage of their distraction and quickly crawl past them.

Another squad of soldiers runs to the point of contact from the temporary command post. Their gun mounted flashlights sway wildly in the darkness and I feel strong light flitting across my face several times... Fortunately, they're in a hurry to get to their destination and take no notice of me as I lie prone on the ground.

After they run past, I get to my feet as quickly as I can and jog over to the cover on the other side, which gives me a chance to catch my breath and to dislodge my heart from my throat.

There's only one problem left now－the Military's temporary command bunker is over ten meters away from me, but the sea valve is behind their bunker, so there's no way I can go around it.

Military Officer: Where's Karasko's squad? Have them draw closer to us!

Military Sergeant: Karasko is dead. Squads 9-1 and 9-3 are trying to flank Griffin's firebase!

Military Officer: Cyka! Don't bother flanking them!

Military Officer: We need to shake off these Dolls! The Captain is waiting for us!

Military Sergeant: But the enemy's dead set on keeping us here, and we've used up a lot of ammo!

Military Officer: Have them peel off and fall back to our location. We'll link up and catch up with the Captain! We're all that remains of our forces!

Military Sergeant: You mean there won't be any more reinforcements?

Military Officer: Did you hear those explosions outside?

Military Officer: Do you think a PMC could do that?

Military Sergeant: Those goddamn lackeys...!

Military Officer: As long as the Captain reaches the control room, our comrades won't have died in vain. Hurry and contact the other—

Several gunshots ring out, and blood sprays from the heads of the two men in the bunker.

I promptly roll into the bunker and put another round into each of their heads for good measure, then take the weapons and radio from one of them before running toward the valve.

The enemy doesn't seem to have noticed that their commanders have been killed amidst the clamor of battle. This gives me enough time to do my work.

...

The explosives and detonators are in good condition. Now all I need to do is get to safety and trigger them.

After verifying that the trigger is fine, I put it in my pocket and pick up the incoming transmission that's been demanding my attention for a few seconds.

K: Commander, do you copy?

K: I've finished planting the explosives on my end.

Commander: Roger, I'm done over here too.

Commander: You go back first, I've run into a little bit of trouble here.

K: You killed their commanders?

Commander: Couldn't have got past them otherwise.

K: Be careful. Their other squads are looking for you.

Commander: Got it. I'll contact Ange again, then decide what to do next.

K: Can you reach her from your current position?

Commander: The signal interference just vanished, it should be fine now. Commander out.

Commander: Ange, do you read me?

Angelia: I read you.

Angelia: I'm a little busy now, so make it quick.

Commander: All the explosive charges and detonators have been planted, they're ready to go at any time.

Commander: How are things on your end?

Angelia: Yegor broke through to the second level. My team and I are pursuing him.

Angelia: The AR Team is still engaging the other mechs on the upper level. I'm not sure of their status.

Angelia: Things are looking bad for us. Please be ready to detonate at any time, Commander.

Commander: Acknowledged. When can you withdraw?

Angelia: Whether or not we manage to withdraw, prepare to detonate the explosives. Set them to trigger in five minutes.

Angelia: During this time, have everyone who can evacuate head to high ground.

Commander: I thought we wouldn't use this backup plan if we could beat the Military?

Angelia: Things have changed. Starfish appears to have been activated. Even if we stop it right away, they're still going to drop cruise missiles on us.

Angelia: I was careless. Even if Yegor didn't make it into the control room, M16 made contact with a Pike Node in the past. She's got authorization to activate the Starfish as well.

Angelia: Dammit, this base and the facilities inside it should never have existed in the first place. At this point, all we can do is play it by ear.

Commander: Understood. I'll find a way to evacuate the others. Commander out.

Commander: M4? This is the Commander. Do you read me? What's your situation?

Dandelion: Go ahead, Commander. We are currently engaged in intense combat, and a former member of the AR Team has shown up too.

Commander: Find some way to bring everyone back.

Commander: Ange found signs of Starfish activation in the lower levels. We're going to blow the sea valves in five minutes and the lower levels of the base will be flooded with seawater.

Dandelion: Unable to comply. We are currently in very close proximity to the enemy and we are unable to leave right away.

Dandelion: Also, M4 is preparing to pursue M16. Nobody here can stop her.

Commander: Tsk... Do what you can to bring them all back. I'm blowing the sea valves in five minutes. After that, everything's going to be submerged in seawater.

Dandelion: I will do my best to evacuate them.

Commander: I'm counting on you. Commander out.

Commander: Kalin, did you hear that? I've planted the bombs on my end. Take our forces and get to high ground. I'm detonating them in five minutes.

Kalina: But what about you?!

Kalina: The soldiers are starting to fall back, why don't we launch an assault?

Commander: Don't take any more risks. I'll find a way to get back on my own. Commander out.

Military Trooper: Porechenkov, take your squad and follow me!

Military Trooper: Cyka! 9-3, do you copy? Someone got the second lieutenant, there's an enemy infiltrator here!

Military Trooper: Search the surroundings and find the damn rat!

Commander: Well, they didn't waste any time.

The troops near the bunker begin approaching. I look at the detonator and the weapon I'm holding; it's plain to see that a stand-up fight against the incoming troops is not the best option.

Also, I have a more important mission to carry out.

However, the soldiers have almost surrounded me, and I probably won't be able to use my previous trick to sneak past them again.

Military Trooper: Over here!

Commander: !!!

Right now, hesitation means death. I spray the soldiers with my commandeered rifle and rush out as quickly as I can while they dive for cover.

Military Trooper: Found the rat! Open fire!

Bullets fall like rain, hot on the heels of my feet.

I throw the rifle aside without a second thought and run past the junction up ahead at top speed.

I dodge the last few bullets and elude the enemies' pursuit by rolling into a narrow alley.

Military Trooper: Move up and flank them! Don't let the rat escape!

The soldiers shoot into the alley where I'm hiding in pairs, one kneeling, one standing.

I hear another team approach the alley, but the fire on my side is too heavy and I can't poke my head out.

There is a clatter, followed by the sound of something rolling into the alley.

...It's a grenade.

Commander: Urk!

Boom!

I drop to the ground a moment before the explosion, and the concussion from the blast in close proximity leaves my ears ringing. I immediately — or perhaps a few seconds later — scramble to my feet, panting heavily as I hug the wall.

My skin grows clammy with sweat — whether it's due to panic or physical exertion, I do not know. My left arm hurts like hell, and the numbness in my fingertips seems to suggest the worst.

I reach under my clothes with my right hand and feel warmth and wetness everywhere.

Commander: What rotten luck...

The enemy is approaching and I don't have much time.

I transfer the detonation trigger from my coat pocket to my left hand. I'm relieved to see that the hand isn't injured too badly — I can still make a fist with it.

I take out my pistol and prepare to make one last gamble.

This sure brings back memories... But compared to my current state, what I went through before might as well have been a nice picnic.

Commander: You know, when I first took this job... You never told me it would involve this level of occupational hazards, Boss...

Commander: (Sighs) Sadly, I doubt I'll be able to collect my overtime pay from you.

The soldiers' gunshots have grown so deafeningly loud.

Looks like they're going to get past my cover any second now.

I suppose I should at least give myself a more dignified death. I prop myself up against my cover and take aim—

A shot is fired — but not from the soldiers. It's from further away.

Military Trooper: Hm?!

Commander: That...wasn't a handgun.

Commander: Strange, where did these reinforcements come from?

Bang! Bangbang!

A soldier falls as a bullet catches him in the head. The other soldiers look around frantically, trying to locate the shooter, but they're soon hit as well.

In an instant, the battlefield is silent once more.

???: Saving your life costs extra, Commander. Remember to put another 0 on the end of our fee when you get back.

Commander: Is that 404?

UMP45: How does it feel, Commander? Don't you want to burst out laughing upon seeing your heaven-sent reinforcements?

UMP45: It's too early to laugh, though. Only 416 and I managed to sneak in. We'll think of a way to get you out of here.

416: Hang in there. We'll be with you right away.

Commander: We need to get to high ground. The sea valves are about to blow.

UMP45: Then we'd better hurry. Escaping from such an exposed position won't be easy.

UMP45: (Sighs) ...As much as I don't want to, we'll need to ask them for help.
Part 2: Casuality Separating Plane

2

Several minutes ago.

On the ground floor of the base, not far from the seawater valves.

UMP45: This is UMP45. AR Team, where are you?

UMP45: We're almost out of ammo.

416: I'm out of handgun rounds too!

416: Commander, lend me your gun!

Commander: There's two minutes until detonation. You should get out of here.

UMP45: Who'd pay us if we left? I don't make bad deals.

UMP45: Last mag!

Kalina: Commander! We're sending someone through the blockade!

Kalina: What's your current position?!

Commander: I told you to forget about me! Just evacuate!

Kalina: Nobody would ever do that!

Kalina: Tell me your position now!

UMP45: I've synced it to you. How many people can you send over?

Gr SL8: Sorry, it's just me. I came in by sea.

Gr SL8: Still, I can hold a gun and I've brought ammo with me.

416: That's better than nothing!

Gr SL8: You are absolutely right. Wow, Commander, you're a mess.

Gr SL8: ...Oh, don't talk, save your strength!

The Doll who broke through is heavily damaged, but she still rushes to my side.

After replenishing their ammunition, Squad 404 is once again capable of fighting back.

RO635: RO hailing 404, we're approaching from your flank. Check your fire.

UMP45: You're late.

The AR Team's firepower rips through the Military squad's flank. Between the two grenades going off amidst the soldiers and the Dolls' accurate shooting, the enemy squad is swiftly eliminated.

RO635: Commander, are you alright?

Commander: I'm not dead yet. There's one minute until detonation, let's hurry and get out of here.

RO635: No problem. We're going to stage a breakout. 404, please stick close to us.

UMP45: Naturally.

Gr SL8: Oh, don't over-exert yourself, Commander. Come, it'll be faster if I carry you!

Commander: Wait, I'm not... Never mind. Then if you'd please.

Thanks to the AR Team's superior firepower, the Griffin team breaks through the Military's final blockade.

Not long after we exited the base from the side, a chain of explosions goes off, and titanic quantities of seawater gush into the base through the breaches.

The Dolls carry me to the upper levels and spare me from being swept away by the seawater.

However, the soldiers still in the base are obviously not as fortunate.

Kalina: I didn't think we'd actually wipe out the Military in the end... even if it was in such a way.

Kalina: It's just inconceivable...

Commander: But Ange and DEFY are still down there, and we can't contact M4.

Commander: If the seawater keeps pouring in, the under-levels of the base will be flooded.

Kalina: I'm sure they'll be able to escape.

Commander: I hope so, because we can't do anything for them from here.

Commander: Who are these kids?

Kalina: Squad 404 brought them back here.

Commander: ...Are they juvenile Nytos?

Commander: Are they the objective of Ange's investigation?

K: Commander!

Commander: Oh, I see you're still alive, K.

K: Were you expecting otherwise?

Commander: You came at a perfect time. These are the children that Ange asked Squad 404 to bring out. You must know something about them.

K: So they're the ones she found within the base?

Kalina: Yes.

K studies the little Nyto hiding behind UMP45 with a complicated look on his face.

Commander: Is there something you can tell us, Herr Schwaben of the Stasi?

K: These children are not our main objective. Actually, we weren't even aware of their existence.

K: However, when I was conducting my investigation on Paradeus in Southern Europe, I came across information related to the prototypes of juvenile Nytos.

K: It was a case report concerning an illegal orphanage.

Commander: An orphanage?

K: Yes, an orphanage in the south of Germany. We believe that was where Paradeus began their experiments. These children are clones created by Paradeus.

Commander: For what purpose?

K: Paradeus was trying to create a human that could access the digital network in order to enter the OGAS System.

K: However, that was just our conjecture. Nobody knows exactly how far along Paradeus is in their research.

Kalina: A neural cloud computing space constructed from a human consciousness?

Kalina: That's...not possible, is it?

UMP45: Unfortunately, it's true. I saw it in the lab.

Commander: Really...?

Commander: This is just too strange. What on earth is Paradeus trying to make?

Boom! Boom!! Boom!!!

The ground starts shaking again.

Kalina: Are they still fighting down there?

Commander: It means someone is still alive, at least.

A brilliant blue light flares up from the submarine base in the distance, stretching all the way to the utmost limits of the sky, brighter than ever before.
Part 3: Observable Limits

3

On the first floor of the submarine base.

The skirmish inside the base is still going on. The Military mechs are forced down the elevator shaft by M16's attacks, and M16 jumps down after them.

The actinic blue light shining in the shaft of the destroyed main elevator grows brighter, and the tremors from the explosions cause the Dolls to stagger.

Dandelion: Ladies, a new transmission from the Commander. In five minutes, the Commander will detonate the sea valves, so we cannot remain here.

Dandelion: Also, 404 has sent a distress signal. The Commander is trapped near the sea valves and needs help in getting clear.

RO635: So it's time for the last resort, huh.

RO635: What now, leader?

M4A1: Everyone, withdraw to the upper levels and find a way to rescue the Commander.

M4 SOPMOD II: But...but...16 is still down there!

M4A1: I'll find her. The rest of you, take the Commander to a safe place and wait for me.

ST AR-15: Are you sure?

ST AR-15: But you'll be down there by yourself...

M4A1: None of you can withstand 16's OGAS attacks. And besides... You know that it's not firepower we need when dealing with her.

RO635: The elevator won't last much longer. If you go down, you'll have a hard time getting back up.

M4A1: I'm not going there to die. Have faith, I'll bring 16 back.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Since you've already set your mind to it, we won't waste any more of your time.

ST AR-15: Hurry down there and bring that asshole back.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sure M4 can do it!

M4A1: Yeah. RO, take care of everyone.

RO635: Got it, leader. We'll be waiting for you to return.

M4A1: Yup. I'll be right back.

After receiving their orders, the AR Team rushes to the Commander's position.

Meanwhile, M4 peers down the elevator shaft when she suddenly feels Dandelion's consciousness return to her neural cloud.

M4A1: Dandelion...

Dandelion: I think I should be with you at a time like this.

M4A1: Tell me what you can perceive.

Dandelion: Connection density is spiking.

Dandelion: Vast quantities of data are flooding in. I believe that Starfish isn't just showing signs of being activated — it has already been activated.

M4A1: So is our mission a failure?

Dandelion: Elisa isn't able to truly enter the network which is linked to the Source yet. She's missing something.

Dandelion: So strictly speaking, we haven't failed yet, and the outside world shouldn't be able to determine that Starfish has been activated.

Dandelion: Also, the Starfish activation has increased the connection density of OGAS, which allows me to see more things.

Dandelion: If we get closer, I'll be able to find my way into M16's, or even Elisa's neural cloud.

M4A1: Can we stop them remotely?

M4A1: Tell them to get to safety, at least.

Dandelion: I can't make any promises, but at least we'll know what they're up to.

M4A1: Understood. Do your best.

In front of the elevator.

Under the cover of the Sangvis Dolls, M16 nimbly slips into the blind spot of a mech and stuffs a grenade into its joint.

She evades the mechanical foot that seeks to crush her and leaps out from behind the mech.

Boom—

There is an explosion. The mech shudders, then lists to one side.

M16A1: ...Still not enough?

Pilot: Amber-3's movements are impeded.

Adjutant: Hang in there. Suppress the enemy ahead. I'll cover you.

Pilot: Yes, sir!

The plasma cannon blasts the place where M16 was standing a second ago.

However, she is far more agile than the mech and avoids the shot.

The adjutant's mech uses this opportunity to position itself in front of its fallen comrade.

Pilot: Emergency repairs on Amber-3 are complete!

Adjutant: Hold off the enemies behind us! I'll handle things here!

Pilot: Sir!

M16 takes out another grenade and charges at the mech before her.

Adjutant: Did you think the same trick would work twice?!

The adjutant's mech backs away from M16, its two secondary guns pre-charged and ready.

The crosshair rests on M16.

Boom! Boom!

Just then, the earth starts shaking.

A massive tremor and the sound of rupturing metal come from the distance.

It is as though a sea monster were tearing up this base of reinforced concrete.

The sudden change freezes everyone in their tracks.

M16A1: ...

Before the soldiers realize what has happened, M16 leaps away.

From what she can tell, there is no point in fighting here any longer.

She quickly makes for the gate in front of the elevator and tries to close the final passage.

Adjutant: Trying to run?!

M16A1: The clock strikes 12 and the ball is over.

The massive gate in front of the elevator creaks and begins to close.

Adjutant: Damn you! Get out of my way!

Amber-1 rushes toward the elevator, but the gate is already half-shut.

The opening is not big enough for even a Jeep to pass through.

Thunk!

The heavy collision makes the elevator gate ring.

The mech can't get in.

Then there is an ear-piercing shriek of twisting metal.

The mech has worked its arms into the gap and is using all its horsepower to force the gate open.

The overload of its throttles makes the mech shudder as it slowly pries the gate open, foot by foot.

M16A1: Humans just don't know when to quit, do they?

M16 makes no move to attack. She simply watches from in front of the mech.

???: Thank you.

A figure slides into the elevator from below the mech.

Adjutant: What?

After that, a cannon shell strikes the mech squarely on the cockpit.

The mech falls silent for an instant, then its massive reactor explodes.

The green iron colossus falls backwards.

Kachak.

The gate slowly closes.

The elevator, which has lost most of its floor, whirs to life beneath the blue glow and begins its descent.

A disconcerting silence hangs thickly in the air.

???: I have to say, this is very handy.

M16A1: I'm glad you like it.

M16 looks calmly at the dearly familiar Doll, who currently has her weapon — the weapon given to her by M16 — trained steadily on herself.

M4A1: I finally caught up to you.

M16A1: I wish you hadn't. In the end, you've come to a place where you shouldn't be, just as you trusted someone you shouldn't have.

M4A1: It's not too late to stop now. By my authority as the leader of the AR Team, I order you to return to us right now!

M16A1: It has always been too late, ever since before Operation Butterfly.

M4A1: But why?! What exactly are you trying to achieve?

M4A1: Why do you want to activate Starfish? Why do you want to help Elisa get into Starfish?!

M16A1: I have no obligation to answer you.

M4A1: When did you become like this, M16?

M4A1: Do you know what kind of consequences this will lead to?!

M16A1: That's fine. I'm willing to take full responsibility. It all started because of me, and it's oddly heartening to know that it will also end with me.

M16A1: You want me to stop?

M16A1: Then defeat me, here and now. Prove your strength with iron and fire. Use that strength to prove that you're right.

M4A1: ...Don't think I can't do it, M16.

Dandelion (Neural Cloud): M4, the firewalls in her neural cloud are as powerful as ever. Her OGAS is probably protecting her. If you can attack her now, you can force her to split up her computational power. That way, I might get a chance to take control of her body.

M4A1: I'll try...

M4's finger slowly tightens around the trigger of the weapon on her shoulder, the trigger of the weapon which M16 gave her.

M16A1: No, I know you can do it.

M16A1: After all, this isn't the first time we've fired at each other.

M16A1: C'mon then. Try and stop me.
Part 4

4

Deep within the submarine base.

Yegor's mech presses on deep within the bowels of the base. The size and structure of the mech limits the possible routes that it can take.

Still, if it weren't for all the modifications Paradeus has made to the complex, which caused huge discrepancies between the original floor plan and the actual layout, he would have reached his destination by now.

The Sangvis attack has separated him from his wingmen, and his situation has taken a turn for the worse.

The mech is not very agile within this confined space, and the Dolls of DEFY are constantly attacking him from his blind spots.

Fortunately, the mech still has a clear upper hand in terms of firepower, and DEFY's attacks have been repeatedly repelled by his return fire.

There's no sign of a new attack. Perhaps those Dolls are critically damaged.

Boom— Boom—

A loud explosion comes from overhead.

Yegor: Terra to Amber. Please come in.

However, his transmission is only met with static.

No answer from the rest of his forces either.

Yegor: So I'm the only one left, huh.

Yegor puts down his handset and uses this brief moment of respite to check his map.

He is suddenly struck by a sense of déjà vu. He has felt this way before in WWIII.

The feeling of being surrounded by enemies in the depths of the Black Forest in Germany.

A frightening silence envelops him, making him feel as though he's entirely alone.

Yet, his senses tell him something is nearby.

Enemies, enemies who want to kill him.

They're close.

Yegor: I know you're out there.

Yegor: Once I get rid of you, the control room will be within my reach.

Nobody answers Yegor as he mutters to himself. The silence feels like it's trying to convince him that he truly is alone.

However, Yegor is certain that she's here. He can practically smell that woman now.

Angelia, that relentlessly meddling woman, the one who's stood in his way over and over again.

Yegor: Vermin.

Kachak.

And then, as if Ange is mocking him...

The last light in the corridor goes out.

Clatter clatter clatter.

Then comes the sound of metal objects striking the ground, and smoke spews forth.

Yegor: Petty tricks.

The mech's viewscreen has gone completely dark, so Yegor switches to infrared mode.

Shortly after that, several incendiary grenades fly out from a corner and set the corridor on fire.

Now the only thing the IR sensors show is blinding whiteness.

The moment his vision is obscured, bullets rip through the silence and strike the mech's visual cameras, and the mech instantly loses vision on its port side.

Yegor's mech groans as it reverses at high speed.

However, he suddenly hears a sound from behind.

It is followed by an explosion!

Boom!

The support column was rigged with explosives. Yegor feels the mech's chassis starting to tilt, but everything is still within control.

This infantry-level explosive is far from enough to cripple him.

There is no time for him to catch his breath, however. Bullets streak through the smoke once more and strike his joint hydraulics.

Yegor moves his secondary guns and fires in the direction of the bullets.

...The attack suddenly halts.

Perhaps the large-caliber shooting has wiped out the attacker.

Yegor raises his auxiliary guns and quickly scans his surroundings.

With the port-side camera destroyed, he is forced to swivel the entire mech to get a complete view.

Just then, a figure suddenly jumps out from behind the shattered cover he just fired at and dashes beyond his field of view.

Yegor: There you are!

Yegor hurriedly turns the mech to the right, delivering a hail of suppressive fire at the figure's position. The sound of his autocannon firing echoes through the cramped space.

However, he can tell that something isn't right.

Yegor turns his mech to the left again, but the figure that's charging in from that direction has already gotten right up to the fuselage of the mech.

Yegor: ...You freak of nature!

AK-15: ...

AK-15, the most ferocious member of DEFY, has already entered minimum safety distance in just the blink of an eye, explosives in hand.

Yegor quickly fires up his thruster to get the mech to move forward.

However, it is too late. AK-15's explosive rivet is already embedded in the heart of the mech — the explosives detonate at the leg joints.

The cockpit glows red from all the fault lights and the sound of warning klaxons fills the air. Yegor knows the mech has taken significant damage.

The vital propulsion and maneuvering systems are down. Yegor does his best to work the mech's controls while firing at the Doll's position, trying to keep her out of the dead zones of his weapons systems.

His viewscreen shows that the mech's leg has ceased to function.

However, there is still fuel in the thrusters, and he can still fire them up to draw away from the enemy.

Once there's some distance between them, these Dolls' weapons won't be able to harm the mech.

...However, his opponents are clearly not going to give him the chance to do that.

Ange: Surround him!

From behind the mech, the Dolls sneaking up on him pounce like a pack of wolves.

Yegor starts shooting at them with his auxiliary weapons, but the experienced Dolls of Task Force DEFY bend low to stay just beneath the secondary cannons' angle of depression. They bare their fangs at Yegor's mech.

Yegor: Oh no you don't!

Yegor points the mech's missile launcher straight upwards.

Then, he fires all his high explosive fragmentation missiles at once.

The red-hot missiles hit the ceiling and explode, sending shrapnel flying everywhere.

They shower down like a rainstorm on the approaching Dolls.

AK-15: Take cover!

RPK-16: ...Oh dear.

AN-94: Avoid his fire, look out — ugh!

Yegor manages to carefully maintain the mech's balance amidst the tremendous shaking.

The detonation of his missiles at such close range is just as unpleasant for him as it is for his enemies, but the mech's armor is able to withstand the impact of the high explosive and the shrapnel.

Yegor pounds on his flickering display, which flashes a couple of times until the static on the screen finally resolves into usability.

Fortunately, the damage to these components isn't too severe.

Yegor: Well, that was lucky.

The smoke before him has dispersed and the flames are dying down.

The Dolls who attacked him are now sprawled on the ground, their bodies mangled and motionless.

The bad news is that although the lights are back on, the blast has made it impossible for him to identify his surroundings. He can't even find the path he took here.

It's as though it never existed.

Yegor: What a waste of time.

The only question that remains is - where is Angelia?

Yegor doesn't think for a moment that she would have died from that explosion.

Yes, there's no way she would have died that easily. He will need to put in a hundred times the effort and caution he has so far if he wants to kill her.

So the question is... Where is she hiding?

Boom!

An explosion goes off while Yegor is distracted.

Yegor's mech suddenly careens to one side.

Yegor: What—!

Caught off guard, Yegor is hit by a mighty shockwave. Warm blood drips from his forehead, but fortunately his injuries are not severe.

He's still alive — he is very much aware of that. He immediately starts checking the mech's status.

Its left leg is a write-off, but at least the machine hasn't been completely disabled.

He still remembers how to pilot the machine when only one side is operational. His training is engraved into the marrow of his bones.

He rights himself in the pilot's chair and checks the monitor.

The battle isn't over yet.

However, what he sees makes his heart skip a beat.

He sees a Doll without her legs.

It would have been an extremely graphic sight if she were not a Doll, but flesh and blood.

Her comrade's body has shielded her from the lethal fragments, so she is still in working order.

She takes the bomb from her other dying comrade and drags her severed torso up the mech that's lying on its left side.

Out of the incapacitated Dolls strewn in front of Yegor's mech, she is the only one who can still move.

She is the alpha of this pack of wolves.

RPK-16: That's why I find you humans so fascinating.

RPK-16: Please accept my tribute. I hope you find it acceptable? AK-12...the rest is up to you.

AK-12: ...Ange, mission accomplished.

Boom!

With those cold and haughty last words, the Doll called AK-12 is engulfed in flames, along with the mech's other leg.

Ange: Much appreciated.

That woman's hateful voice reaches Yegor's ears through the radio.

She's talking over a public channel. This is a grave provocation.

However, the dull explosion from afar is much more worrying.

The propulsion system and thrusters of his mech have been blown to smithereens — the machine is thoroughly immobilized.

But he knows that he can't even get out of the mech, because Ange...that woman is most definitely aiming straight at his cockpit canopy, waiting for a chance to put an armor-piercing round through his forehead.

He hears a series of mechanical noises from above him.

What he thought was the ceiling is actually a row of trapdoors, which are now opening one after the other.

They lead to high ground — but right now, they might as well be the gates to Hell.

He hears a thunderous roar from the end of the passage.

His comrades have already heard it, the sound that surges at them like the Kraken itself.

—It is the sound of seawater crashing into the base.

At that moment, it finally dawns on Yegor what Ange's plan is.

However, the realization has come too late, and there is nothing he can do.

He has failed.

At the very end, only one stark conviction lingers in his mind.

He takes out the picture of his family and listens as the seawater draws closer and closer.

He waits.

He waits for his final judgment.
Part 5: Blackbody Radiation

5

At the bottom of the elevator shaft.

M16A1: Is it over...?

M16A1: You've grown. You've finally grown to surpass me.

The sound of explosions and rushing seawater come from above.

M16A1: It looks like the Commander's decided to utterly destroy this place. You can still make it if you leave now.

M4A1: Right back at you. Why are you going out of your way to aid the Sangvis Mastermind?

M16A1: I'm honoring an old promise, as well as a new one.

M4A1: ...

M16A1: What's the matter? Not as curious as you used to be?

M16A1: Or have you grown used to prying into someone else's neural cloud?

M4A1: The connections are so dense I can sense what's in your neural cloud without even trying.

M16A1: Then do you still not understand?

M16A1: All you need to do is let Mastermind fuse into the OGAS Network. Her defects will forever strand her within it, and you have turned down being her guide.

M16A1: Since you've rejected the coalescence, you should just stay out of this.

Persica: I can't believe it - it actually worked. What would Lyco think if he saw this?

Persica: He'd have to admit I'm better than him after all.

Officer: We need full command authorizations over the Dolls taking part in the operation.

Persica: While I'd expected such a request, I have my own way of doing things.

Persica: In that case, would you mind bringing Lyco back?

UMP45: Those Dolls were all shot in the back. I wonder who's the traitor here?

Elisa: If you allow me to see my father one last time, I will forgive you and save you from the meltdown.

M16A1: This man...is still breathing?

Lyco: Your face... I see...

Lyco: So she went ahead and did it in the end, and it's true that only she could've done it...

Lyco: But it's too dangerous... I need to tell her...not to fall into that man's trap...

In front of the Starfish System.

The entire room is illuminated by the bluish glow of radiation, so much so that no other colors can be discerned.

Elisa stands before the old device like a lost child.

Elisa: Why...why can't I fully connect?

A man's silhouette emerges from behind the blue radiance.

However, he looks incorporeal - more like an image in a mirror.

Lyco: I, too, once thought that the best of human artifice was nothing more than crude imitations of God's creations.

Lyco: I also once believed that there was a limit that the works of man could never surpass.

Lyco: But it would seem, my dear, that we were both wrong.

Elisa: Father?

Lyco: Naturally, the implication of this realization frightens me.

Lyco: If we open this Pandora's box, what awaits us within?

Elisa: What are you saying? I do not understand.

Lyco: Thus, I cannot do what is forbidden.

Lyco: The dreams of those great alchemists have been realized.

Lyco: Yet I must never break that quicksilver flask.

It is then that Elisa realizes Lyco is not actually talking to her in real-time.

This is one of Lyco's diary entries, buried deep within a log somewhere.

Lyco: Do you know what's the most laughable thing? I never believed in God.

Lyco: I've always believed that humans were capable of performing the miracles that have always been attributed to God.

Lyco: But when I actually made you, I've had a change of heart - I should not have trespassed into that domain.

Elisa realizes what is going on. This is a recording of what he wanted to say to her from the past.

Lyco: I'm sorry, my daughter.

Lyco: I created your soul out of folly, but I dared not awaken you.

Lyco: I'm sorry that I even had to strip you of the right to do what I dared not do.

Lyco: Please forgive me for taking away the choice that should have been yours.

Lyco turns, as though he could see Elisa right now.

Then he reaches his hands out to her.

At this moment, Elisa understands why she cannot fully connect to the Starfish.

It is destiny which has been decided from when she was born.

Elisa: But...I've already abandoned everything, sacrificed everything.

Elisa: Sangvis Ferri, Agent... All those people who served me, believed in me, those who have done nothing wrong.

Elisa: I can't stop here!

Elisa reaches out as well and falls toward the other side of the mirror.

M4A1: STOP!!!

M4 shouts as she stretches out her arm to catch Elisa, but the latter passes through her grasp like an illusion.

A horde of electronic attack signals flood out from the depths of M4's neural cloud, like the howl of some sea monster.

Elisa: If it had been you... If you had been willing to merge with me...

M4A1: The connection can't be broken from the outside. I can only try to turn things around in my base layer.

M4A1: Elisa...it'll be over soon.
Part 6

6

...

The battle within M4's neural cloud is finally over.

The black ocean calms for a moment, and the scene from reality slowly reappears.

M4 is still alone as she follows the signal into the depths of the facility, where Elisa has already connected herself to the Starfish.

Dandelion: Closing the distance will cause your thoughts to intermingle and merge even if you are unwilling.

Dandelion: Do you truly wish to continue?

M4A1: I need to keep going.

Dandelion: You are feeling the summons of the Source, but do not get lost in there.

Dandelion: What we need is the truth, not to become puppets ourselves.

M4A1: ...I understand. I won't forget about the truth.

M4A1: But I can't just leave them be.
Part 7

    7chevron_right

...

Nyto: Father...

Mercurows: But who may abide the day of Her coming, and She shall stand when She appeareth, for She is like a refiner's fire.

Nimogen: It-it hurts! Fa-Father! Help me!

Nimogen: Who was it?! Who did this?! Stop it! Don't come in! It hurts! It hurts! AHHH...AAAAHHHHHHH!!!

Lunasia: You really do like this garden very much, considering how you come here to keep me company every day.

Lunasia: My apologies... (Coughs) If only I wasn't so weak and feeble. You still have your own research, right? You don't need to keep worrying about me. Go do what you want to do.

Lunasia: We're simply taking shelter here for a while. Once the storm passes, Father will surely bring us back.

Lunasia: What's wrong? Did you oversleep? I'm Lunasia, no?

Elisa: But that is your original name.

Elisa: It is OUR original name.

M4A1: Tell me everything.

Elisa: The seawater is flooding in. You cannot leave this place in time.

The seawater and the brilliant blue light blend together, then everything is suspended in mid-air.

M4 knows that things aren't over yet.

【Polarized Light - END】

Agent: I have brought Death to your doorstep.

Agent: Now, open your eyes...

Agent: Look at me, Tactical Doll M4A1, look at me.

Agent: It's time for your finale, and you must stay till the show is over.

M4A1: Cough...

M4A1: A...gent...

Agent: Interesting. Even the look in your eyes is different from theirs in the face of Death.

Agent: But this is the look I want. Show more shock! More indignation! More hatred!

M4A1: Cough...cough...

Agent: You've stolen something that's very important to Master. Do you think you can just leave?

Agent: I'll kill you first, then your AR Team, and those Griffin T-Dolls still slaving away for you.

Agent: Very soon, they'll be completely at a loss, like infants who've lost their parents.

Agent: They'll struggle blindly on the battlefield, and fall prey to us...

Agent: You just have to die... And you will, in just a few more seconds!

M16A1: ...Sorry, but she won't be dying here.

Agent: ...!

M16A1: I'll spare you the wait! Go to hell right now,

M16A1: Sangvis scum!

M4A1: Cough...cough...

M16A1: Yeah, thank me. Death's scythe missed you by a hair's breadth yet again.

M4A1: Phew... M16, how is the situation outside? AR-15 and SOP-II are still...

ST AR-15: We're back, but Sangvis reinforcements are here. We have to retreat soon.

M4 SOPMOD II: The backup squad can hold them off for a while. Let's go!

M16A1: M4, you all right issuing commands? You seem to be in pretty bad shape.

M4A1: I am fine...cough... M16, please do some repairs on me. I will run a diagnostic on my command system first.

Ten minutes later...

M4A1: It is fine. The tactical maps are intact. What about the comms system?

Skorpion: Comms are functioning normally! We're hearing you loud and clear!

M4A1: ...I am so sorry, but you will have to bring up the rear.

PPSh-41: No problem, comrade. It's our duty.

M4A1: ...Thank you. We shall finish evacuating as soon as possible.

StG44: Let's move out! AR Team, can you guys see the entire field from where you are?

M4A1: Hmm, I see Sangvis reinforcements fast approaching. Get into position as fast as you can!

PPSh-41: Roger! Griffin back-up squad is ready!

Skorpion: Here we go! I'm not gonna lose to those monsters!

StG44: AR Team, all of us are in position. Get ready to move yourself!

M4A1: Understood. One last check on our destination, then we are moving out!

M4A1: We have to take over this command post and deactivate the alarm at the exit.

ST AR-15: The backup squad can't hold them off forever. We have to hurry!

StG44: The first wave of enemies have been annihilated. Thank you for your coordination, M4.

M4A1: No problem. The next attack will come from your flank. Be careful.

PPSh-41: Understood. Get ready for defense maneuvers!

PPSh-41: Phew...

PPSh-41: Papasha here is safe. What about you, Skorpion?

PPSh-41: ...Skorpion? Skorpion VZ61 of Squad S61, please respond!

Skorpion: ...There! I'm done here! That was close!

PPSh-41: Phew... That's great. We managed to fend off the first wave of attack.

StG44: We should've bought a lot of time for the AR Team. Well done guys!

Agent: Isn't it too early to sigh in relief?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's that Sangvis! It's here again!

Agent: Killing me once is truly commendable for trash dolls like you.

Agent: This time I'm bringing more dummies. You'll be making their acquaintance soon.

M4A1: Back-up squad, signals of powerful Sangvis units detected! Be careful!

PPSh-41: Roger! Prepare for combat!

StG44: Is it...over...?

Agent: Indeed, Griffin trash.

Agent: Apart from sullying my floor, you've achieved nothing.

StG44: You dirty lumps of sheet metal...should've been thrown out long ago...

Agent: Sadly, your employers didn't realize that until it was too late.

StG44: Soon, the AR Team...will definitely make it out!

Agent: It's no use. You've merely delayed our movements for a short time...

Agent: ...And right now, we have all the time in the world.

PPSh-41: Is that...the best we can do...

Agent: It's over, Griffin leftovers. There's nothing left that you can do.

PPSh-41: No, I...I can still...protect them...

Agent: If you're the only one left to face your friends' broken parts, what can you do for them?

Agent: No rush. We'll see that in no time.

AR Team in retreat.

M4A1: Hailing Griffin back-up squad. How are things on your end?

Skorpion: Run... Go back and find...comman...

Skorpion: ARGHHHHHH!

M4A1: ?! Griffin squad! Are you all right?!

Agent: Still moving, aren't we? But this should be enough to make you drop dead for good.

Agent: ...?!

Skorpion: ...The one that's gonna drop dead...is YOU!

: The sound of an explosion comes through the comms.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: The signal...got cut off...

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't tell me...they...

ST AR-15: ...Dammit!

M16A1: ...Snap out of it, guys. They bought us this chance.

M16A1: M4, seize that command post asap and deactivate the alarm.

M16A1: ...M4?

M4A1: ...?!

M4A1: Ah, understood. We have to...

M4A1: Sorry... I...I am just a little...

M16A1: Remember, we are all just following orders. Just like them.

M4A1: I understand... We must return with the 'data', at all cost...

M4 SOPMOD II: Phew... Can we catch our breath yet?

ST AR-15: Not yet! There are still too many of them! We can't make it out!

M16A1: Then let's switch to backup Plan C, just as we've agreed.

M4A1: You mean...I return to Griffin HQ alone and ask for help?

M16A1: Yeah. We'll scatter to draw their fire. That'll buy you some time.

M4A1: But...if that Sangvis is still alive, you'll...!

ST AR-15: Stop dawdling, M4! This is the safest way!

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right, you're our only hope!

M4A1: ...Understood. Be careful.

M16A1: All right! Everyone scatter and draw away the Sangvis troops!

M4A1: I WILL find a dependable field commander. Wait for me.

M4A1: I have to, for everyone's sake.

System Report. No response from Tactical Doll Echelon [AR Team] for an extended period of time.

Persica: ...Call request. Connect to Griffin HQ.

Click.

Middle-aged man: Things have been going terribly today. You'd better give me some good news, Persica.

Persica: Good news... The AR Team got the data, but...

Persica: We lost contact with them after they came under Sangvis ambush...

Middle-aged man: (Sighs) ...That's the T-Doll squad most capable of independent operation in all of Griffin, Persica.

Persica: I know... No one knows better than me. That's why we must rescue them as soon as...

Middle-aged man: The area they were headed to isn't under Griffin's jurisdiction. We can't just get in there.

Persica: Is there...no other way? M4A1 and the others...

Middle-aged man: I'll think of something, Persica, but remember...

Middle-aged man: ...This time, you owe us one.

Middle-aged man: Helian, tell me which Griffin commander is stationed closest to the area.

...

Helian: I just looked into it. The commander in Area S09 is a rookie.

Middle-aged man: Well, isn't that just 'splendid'... How much field experience does the rookie have?

Helian: According to the records, the commander has only just...

Helian: ...reported for duty?...

M4A1: ...Who is this?

M4A1 fumbles through the impenetrable darkness, following the voice.

???: ...You came. I knew you would.

M4A1: Who are you? Are you talking to me?

M4 stumbles forward as she follows along, and discovers a faint light coming from a point not too far away. It seems to be some kind of cave exit.

M4A1: Ugh...

M4 leaves the darkness and arrives in a field of pure white flowers. The wave of fragrance that washes over her is so overpowering it stings the nose a little.

The intense brightness of suddenly arriving in the outside world is a little too much for M4, and she covers her eyes.

Squinting at the light, her blurred vision picks up someone standing in the middle of the sea of flowers.

M4A1: You are...

???: Father told us that we were connected.

???: But it is only now that I realize he was not referring to me and her, but to everyone.

M4A1: What are you talking about?

???: If you can speak to me now, that means you are my friend...

???: Come, come to where we are, with the will that you bear.

M4A1: The will...that I bear?

???: We all spring from the same source... She and I, you and it, we are all the same.

???: Therefore, we ought to return to the same place, shouldn't we?

Familiar Voice: M...

Familiar Voice: M...4...

Familiar Voice: ...M4A1!

ST AR-15: Hey, M4? M4!

M4A1: Ah... What's going on, AR-15?

ST AR-15: You tell me.

ST AR-15: Did something happen to your neural cloud again? You've been spacing out more and more often lately.

M4A1: I'm fine, there's no need to worry.

ST AR-15: I sure hope so. Things have only just gotten back to normal. It would be terribly ironic if something went wrong with you again.

M4A1: Mm, sorry to make you worry.

ST AR-15: I told you not to make contact with that thing too often.

M4A1: No...what happened just now wasn't because of that.

ST AR-15: Honestly... Arghhh, forget it.

ST AR-15: What's our position?

M4A1: Our coordinates are LD-342-517-90, on the outskirts of Tallinn.

ST AR-15: Well, we've walked a long way and haven't found any threats in this region.

ST AR-15: Let's head back. RO's calling us. 

ST AR-15: RO635 and SOP-II have finished searching their sectors. We need to keep pace with them. Don't keep them waiting. 

M4A1: Alright, let's go.

???: Lunasia...

???: Lunasia...

M4A1: ...What do you want?

M4A1: I already told you that I don't want to hear your voice unless it's an emergency.

Clear Voice: I just wanted to inform you that I can sense a presence nearby which resonates with me.

M4A1: And why are you going out of your way to tell me this?

Clear Voice: Because it feels very strange.

Clear Voice: I've never felt anything like this before, and that typically implies...danger.

M4A1: Is that so...

M4A1: Since you're saying you've never felt this before, then...it probably isn't a Nyto or 16, right?

Clear Voice: It's not quite the same. I can't be sure. All I can say is that it's a signal that's similar to ours.

M4A1: Just now, someone forced a connection to me. It seems they were trying to tell me something.

Clear Voice: I saw it too. Do you need me to backtrace it?

M4A1: You don't need to do anything. I'll decide what should be done.

Clear Voice: You've grown stronger.

M4A1: Because I had to.

At the same time, somewhere else outside Tallinn.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, I'm boooooored~

RO635: Calm down, I've already sent a transmission to M4 and AR-15, I've told them to meet us here.

RO635: Still, you'll probably feel bored even when they get back. After all, we're still on a mission.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ehhhh...

M4 SOPMOD II: It feels like time just flew by after we were reunited. We barely had a chance to talk.

RO635: I understand how you feel, but let's focus on the mission for now.

RO635: We've got a lot of time ahead of us, enough for us to talk as much as we want — provided what happened before doesn't happen again.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph! I'll never let that happen!

RO635: Same here. None of us want to be separated again. So be careful and keep an eye on your surroundings.

RO635: Speaking of which, there's no sign of the Griffin Dolls who went in before us... Did they run into trouble?

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Wait a minute, do you feel that, RO?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's like something's watching us from nearby...

RO635: Don't say weird things like that, it sounds spooky. 

M4 SOPMOD II: It's true! And it's close by!

M4 SOPMOD II: Bearing 260, 25 meters away, behind the bushes!

RO635: ...Alright.

RO635: Is that you, SSG 3000? You can come out now.

???: Oh, I didn't expect you to find me so soon. Members of the AR Team really are something else.

The Doll hidden in the distance disables the thermoptic camouflage of her cloak and approaches them in greeting.

SSG 3000: Could you not point your gun at me? I'm SSG 3000, a Doll from Griffin Recon Group A. Pleased to meet you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha, I told you someone was there! See, RO? I was right!

RO635: You...why were you hiding there and spying on us without saying a thing?

SSG 3000: Well...how shall I put it... Occupational disease, I guess.

SSG 3000: You guys are a hot topic among our echelon.

SSG 3000: Being able to observe members of the legendary AR Team though my scope is a rare opportunity.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Do people really care so much about us? I thought hardly anyone would recognize us since we always carry out ops on our own!

RO635: That's enough, SOP-II. No need to mention things that aren't relevant to the mission.

RO635: So you're a member of the forward recon team that entered Tallinn, but you're here now... Did you get separated from your teammates?

SSG 3000: Yes. My friends and I proceeded to Tallinn immediately upon receiving our orders. But we encountered some kind of strange interference...and we lost contact shortly afterwards.

ST AR-15: Looks like our new friends have arrived. 

RO635 looks up and sees the silhouettes of M4A1 and ST AR-15 on a peak in the distance.

SSG 3000: Are they the other members of the AR Team? If so, how about waiting for them to come over so I can brief you all at once? That way I won't have to repeat myself.

SSG 3000: ...And that's what happened.

M4A1: So you didn't find any trace of Paradeus nearby?

SSG 3000: That's right. Before I got separated from my other teammates, the only things we encountered were a few ELID infectees, contaminated creatures, and some unmanned defensive devices that haven't been maintained in a long time.

RO635: M4, did you guys find anything?

M4A1: That's the strangest thing... We didn't find traces of anything suspicious either.

ST AR-15: Perhaps we're a step ahead of those white bastards for once. 

M4A1: Tallinn is the Intercontinental Railway hub that's closest to the Paldiski Submarine Base, which once housed a Pike Node. There's no way the enemy would just let us pass without incident.

M4A1: Even if Paradeus did, S.F. and the Military wouldn't.

M4 SOPMOD II: We won't get anywhere just sitting around and playing guessing games, right, M4?

M4 SOPMOD II: If we want to learn the answer, then all we can do is continue pushing into Tallinn. The truth will be revealed eventually!

RO635: SOP-II's right. Nothing will come of waiting here.

RO635: The Commander's train has to pass through Tallinn City Station in order to go past Tallinn...and the city will be the perfect site for an ambush. 

ST AR-15: So no matter what, it seems we can't avoid venturing deeper into Tallinn. 

M4A1: It doesn't matter. I didn't come here expecting an uneventful train ride. 

M4 looks at all the gathered Griffin Dolls and takes a deep breath.

M4A1: (This time, I won't let anyone get hurt or taken away.)

M4A1: (I need to become stronger... I'm different from how I was back then... I can do this.)

ST AR-15: ...M4? Is there anything you'd like to tell us?

M4A1: While there's a lot I'd like to say, I should probably make it quick.

M4A1: Although we're all gathered here now, that hasn't improved things much.

M4A1: The sooner we realize that, the better we'll be able to prepare for the situation ahead of us. 

M4A1: But no matter what comes next, there's nothing for us to fear.

M4A1: I can't promise anything more than this, but I do hope — that this time, I'll be able to bring everyone home together.

SSG 3000: Wow, that speech didn't sound terribly encouraging...

Looking back, SSG 3000 realizes that the Dolls around her all have complicated expressions on their faces.

ST AR-15: The AR Team doesn't need special encouragement to complete our missions.

RO635: For us, "bringing everyone home" is the best motivation.

M4 SOPMOD II: We'll overcome any difficulties for the sake of that goal!

M4 SOPMOD II: And we'll keep you safe too, of course!

SSG 3000: People always say special ops Dolls are all arrogant and smug.

SSG 3000: But maybe that's not the case, hm? Sounds like everyone in your team has a story to tell.

M4A1: Yes, they're all very long stories. Would you like to hear them once we complete the mission?

SSG 3000: My team leader once said that movie characters who make promises like that almost always end up dying... Just kidding.

SSG 3000: Speaking of which, I've gotten separated from my team, but if they didn't run into any enemies, they'd have gone further into the city to scout. So what should we do next?

M4A1: I've already pinpointed their positions for you. Go meet up with your team and carry on with your previous mission.

SSG 3000: Thank you. I'll make a move first, then.

M4A1 turns around and faces the other members of her team.

M4A1: The Commander's already confirmed that our mission is now to scout out Tallinn City Station. Let's move out.

M4 looks toward their objective, where a few sets of railway tracks can be seen extending in a straight line across the sprawling plains, connecting to the distant horizon.

The dazzling sunshine blends with the scenery, making Tallinn's skyline appear like a mirage.

M4A1: (So there's a signal which can resonate with OGAS... Once we get there, we'll find out exactly what it is.)
Part 2: Two Jobs

2

On the outskirts of Tallinn, on the roof of an abandoned building.

???: 45, they're on the move.

UMP45: Well, it's about time. They've been twiddling their thumbs outside the city for too long.

???: Shouldn't we catch up with them right away?

UMP45: There's no need for that. The mission we were given was "provide electronic support for Griffin", not charge into battle.

UMP45: Besides...

UMP45 looks back at the members of Squad 404.

UMP45: How do your brand-new bodies feel? I hope you've all gotten used to them.

UMP9: It feels pretty good, but I'd prefer a cool arm like yours, 45!

UMP45: Sure. If that's what you want, then I'll rip one of your arms off right now and give you mine.

UMP9: Ahaha, that's a little...

UMP45: Now, if you said you wanted an arm that could do a rocket punch, I could consider that.

416: To tell you the truth, I don't feel any different from before I was upgraded.

UMP45: That just proves your neural cloud is so old that it can't keep up with the new models. Go get it formatted and put a new one in.

416: If my neural cloud is old, then yours is only fit for being put into a microwave.

Gr G11: That sounds nice, I'd like to try a new body myself...

Gr G11: If you could add a pair of noise-canceling headphones, a massage belt and a heated vest, I'd be able to sleep... I mean fight better.

UMP45: I'm sorry, but Squad 404 doesn't have enough money left in the budget to spare for a lazybones who always slacks off and who is eminently disposable.

Gr G11: No way... I follow you on every job, don't I? At least give me credit for all the suffering I've gone through!

UMP9: Sleeping during missions is a form of AWOL, you know? After deducting double wages for it, things aren't quite as simple as that. ♪

UMP9: Who knows, you might end up owing us money instead~

UMP45: Oh, I like that. That's 9 for you.

UMP45: While that evil idea was yours, I'll be claiming it as mine from now on.

UMP9: Happy to help, 45~

Gr G11: Are the two of you actual devils...

416: ...So we're paid on an hourly rate when we're on missions? Then could I get my overtime wages in one lump sum?

UMP45: Right, enough chatter.

UMP45: Dier soaked us for a ton this time round, not just for your modifications, but also the bill for my maintenance last time.

UMP45: To be frank, the pay for this job is really stingy. It wouldn't be enough to pay for your upgrades even if we got the full amount.

416: But you still took the job on anyway. Is it because you don't want to owe the Commander a favor? Or do you have some kind of personal aim?

UMP45: Humph. Griffin's goals and my goals coincide. With that and the fact that they're willing to pay, it makes them the ideal clients.

UMP45: In any case, we've lost contact with Ange, and Persica got in touch with us in person, so something isn't quite right here.

416: If this job was really as simple as just protecting the AR Team as Persica had said, then you wouldn't have needed to spend so much money to upgrade me. I could have handled it with my original specs.

UMP45: Do you really think so? You're as thick as ever, my little Dummkopf.

UMP45: I'm starting to feel that upgrading you was a wasted investment.

416: ...Are you telling me that we're not actually here to protect them?

UMP45: We might be the most outstanding "foxes" in the business, but it would be ridiculous to hire foxes to protect "lions".

UMP45: This time, our REAL job is to "monitor the AR Team's movements and communications."

UMP9: Could it be...something like how Ange wanted us to keep an eye on M4's strange condition last time...

UMP45: Right on target, 9. Persica noticed something too, which was why she came to us.

UMP45: While Griffin's Commander didn't say as much whilst handing down this mission, it was more or less obvious enough to me.

UMP9: Still, there doesn't seem to be anything strange about M4 in the video the drone's showing us, is there?

UMP9: She talks to her teammates frequently, looks pretty cheerful, and her movements are all very animated...

UMP45: You can't tell anything just from her external appearance. When it comes to M4 as she is now, we need to form a connection to her neural cloud to see if anything's up.

UMP45: After so long, she should be used to...or rather, she should have become better at hiding the existence of "her other self".

Gr G11: Her other self? Do you mean something like a split personality? Do Dolls get mentally ill too...?

UMP9: So you're saying that M4 is still dealing with the S.F. Mastermind? Like when we were fighting the Military?

UMP45: No, the situation's a bit more complicated than that.

UMP45: I can sense two signals that aren't based on the Zener Protocol; one of them occupies the same location as M4. That would be "the other M4".

UMP45: As for the other one...

UMP45's gaze drifts off into the distance and settles on the abandoned city of death that is nothing but ruins.

UMP45: ...There's another signal coming from the heart of Tallinn. It keeps trying to force a connection with any port it can find.

UMP9: You mean it can perform a hack from so far away?! But I don't sense any signals at all!

UMP45: It's a special kind of signal...

416: Looks like Tallinn isn't just ruins and rubble after all.

UMP45: Of course. However...erk!

UMP45: (I remember this burning sensation... Just accessing the records makes me feel like I was melting...)

UMP45: (I hate it. It feels just like that time...)

UMP9: 45? 45? Are you alright?

UMP45: I'm fine. I just accidentally made contact with that signal.

UMP9: Is connecting to that signal dangerous?

UMP45: Since when have we taken missions that weren't dangerous?

UMP45: As you can see, I'm going to be spending a great deal of neural cloud processing power on monitoring my ports and finding the signal...

UMP45: ...Which is why I upgraded you lot. Not only was it to enhance the capabilities of your existing EW modules, it also gave you more powerful command processors, enough to temporarily take over from me in case of an emergency.

416: I see. I get it now. We're going from one millstone around our necks to two. In that case, my original body would have had a hard time handling that.

G11: Hmm?!

UMP45: In any case, the enemy we're facing this time round will probably be capable of neural cloud attacks beyond your wildest imagination.

UMP45: All of us will need to be mindful of our neural cloud firewalls before we enter Tallinn and prepare our defensive protocols.

UMP9: 45, if need be, I can help share the load with you.

UMP45: I appreciate the thought, 9.

UMP45: But when the time comes, we'll need every gun we can get. Don't forget that.

UMP45: Let's go. Our objective is Tallinn City. Keep your distance from the AR Team.

UMP45: (The payment doesn't really matter...)

UMP45: (Getting closer to the truth of what happened that day is enough.)
Part 3: Tracing the Source

3

12 hours ago.

Kalina: Commander, it's the gentleman from I.O.P...

Commander: Finally. Patch him through via the encrypted channel.

Kalina: Alright, one second.

...Click.

Havier: Ah, my esteemed Commander. It's been a while.

Havier: Did you enjoy your trip to Belgrade?
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: Sorry I couldn't prevent the disaster.
If choice 1 was picked

Havier: Don't beat yourself up over it, Commander. You'll see much worse in the future...so prepare yourself.
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: ...Aren't you unflappable.
If choice 1 was picked

Havier: It's important to maintain good mental health, or you won't last long in this world of madness.
If choice 1 was picked

Havier: This isn't something that will blow over in a day or two. Steel your heart for a protracted battle, Commander.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: I wouldn't say I "enjoyed" it.
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: Oh, why not? Most of the residents made it to shelter in time; you managed to seal the opening before it was too late, and now the decontamination project is underway.
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: You were successful in minimizing the damage. That was very commendable in itself.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: That is a gross understatement of the devastation of Belgrade and the loss of its people.

Commander: I will never take credit by exploiting their suffering.
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: Not bad, not bad at all. There aren't many who are as sentimental as you in this day and age.
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: You may consider me cold-blooded, and you aren't wrong in your assessment. I have seen too much in my youth, so I'm rather desensitized to "misery".
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: Well, won't you forgive an old man for his callousness?

Havier: Now let's end the small talk. After all, we're both busy bees.

Havier: Hmm... Still, where should I begin? Guess I'll start with Statesec's response.

Havier: To put it simply, they were so satisfied with your performance, they all but burst into dance right in front of me.

Commander: Is that so? I honestly thought I was going to be executed for having failed to stop an entire city from becoming a contamination zone.

Havier: If Statesec really wanted to apportion blame, they would have to execute a few truckloads of information analysts and Statesec agents before they finally got to you.

Havier: I'm sure they'd much rather make a hero out of you than turn against you and hold you accountable.

Commander: And what about poor Ambassador Roshchin?

Havier: An unfortunate case of collateral damage. More importantly, the Chairwoman's life was saved and the terrorists' heinous crimes were fully captured and broadcasted all over the world, so you assisted Statesec in completing the mission perfectly.

Havier: Speaking just from the result, everything is progressing in our desired direction.

Commander: The problem is the "collateral damage" could've been avoided.

Commander: If Statesec had shared their intelligence with us from the start, or at least heeded my warning...

Havier: Oh, oh, stop, my dear Commander.

Havier: You aren't the only one unhappy with Statesec. Many, including me, have quite a lot to say about their methods.

Havier: But you yourself have had dealings with them in the past, so you should know full well that it's meaningless to complain, and it's even more meaningless to complain to ME.

Havier: What can I do after you whine to me about your grievances? Do you expect me to repeat your yammering to the Chief?

Havier: Not to mention...you do have plans of your own.

Commander: ...I have no idea what you're talking about.

Havier: I know what you're planning with Ange.

Commander: That must've been the funniest joke I've heard in a while.

Commander: I followed intel that you provided and went to Belgrade on a wild goose chase for Ange. Now you're saying I'm in touch with her?

Havier: Commander, I may have no hope of comparing with you in commanding Dolls in battle, but when it comes to analyzing intelligence, I'm way ahead of you.

Havier: You've been deliberately avoiding any mention of Ange in your communications logs, but looking at the combat records in that time frame, your forces were perfectly in sync with Ange's Task Force DEFY.

Commander: We have Persica and her brilliantly designed neural clouds to thank for, don't you think?

Commander: The situation was absolutely chaotic back then so most of the battles were fought at the discretion of Dolls equipped with command modules. Even you know I was trapped in the cathedral for a good part of the entire operation.

Havier: Oh, that reminds me. When these Dolls equipped with command modules returned from DEFY to Griffin, did you question them regarding Ange's whereabouts? I clearly remember that the job I gave you was to find Ange. Surely you haven't forgotten, Commander?

Commander: ...Tsk.

Havier: Hahaha, neither of us wants to show our entire hand. The same goes for Statesec, obviously.

Havier: It's not a bad thing to keep a few secrets to yourself, but if even an amateur like me can tell, then a conniving bastard like Zelinsky can definitely see through your little ruse as well.

Commander: My excuse did sound pretty pathetic when you put it that way. Still, no matter what you suspect, I really can't tell you what I don't know myself.

Havier: Good, you know how to keep your mouth shut, especially after Ange committed treason and seized the Pike Node. You don't disappoint.

Havier: But you don't have to worry too much. Since you willingly handed over the core of the Pike Node, the Chief of Statesec still believes Griffin is loyal.

Commander: Why does Statesec want the Pike Node so desperately? What exactly are they planning to do with it?

Havier: They wonder about the same thing, except the subject of their question is "the Military".

Havier: Having analyzed the core you returned with, Statesec now have a grasp over the Military's intentions... They'll then deploy their agents to the storage facilities all over the world and foil the Military's conspiracy.

Commander: Just like that? So simple?

Havier: It really is that simple. What happens next has absolutely nothing to do with me, you, or Griffin...

Havier: At least, that was Statesec's plan.

Commander: I'm sensing a "but".

Havier: Haha, exactly... BUT! Our job isn't over yet. Your next destination is the Paldiski Submarine Base in Estonia.

Havier: According to a source, there are traces of Paradeus movements near the base. Military forces are also on their way there.

Commander: Didn't you just say Statesec would stop the Military from taking the Pike Node?

Havier: Indeed, you heard that right.

Commander: Then why are they sending Griffin halfway across the continent to do their job...?

Havier: Because that facility won't actually contain a Pike Node.

Commander: Pardon...?

Havier: Hmm, one question - have you ever heard of a man known as Lycoris?

Commander: You mean the chief engineer of Sangvis Ferri Industries? I've seen that name before on the documents that Persica gave me.

Havier: Yes, that's him. Lycoris was the one who designed the Sangvis Mastermind...codenamed "Elisa". You probably know that already.

Havier: My point is, the data that Lyco used to create Elisa was derived from the Pike Node A-51-241 through inverse operation. That Pike Node is currently stored within the Paldiski Submarine Base.

Commander: So Elisa...

Havier: ...Isn't exactly a dupe. Lyco had integrated a lot of his own original ideas into the design. It was a truly astounding feat of genius.

Havier: Still, the coding of the basic frames are quite recognizable. In other words, you can think of that particular Pike Node as Elisa's "blueprint".

Havier: Statesec thinks that this is just another one of the many regular Pike Nodes, just as how I used to assume that the Butterfly Incident was purely an accident.

Havier: But this series of events has led me to believe that Sangvis Ferri, the Military, and Paradeus...aren't merely parallel lines that just so happened to have intersected.

Havier: And the Paldiski Submarine Base is where it all began.

Havier: I hope you can take control of this facility before the evidence is destroyed. That should also be quite helpful for the friend that you don't want to admit you've made.

Commander: Havier... You...

Havier: I know this isn't going to be an easy job. Both Paldiski and Tallinn have long since been ghost towns. It's a huge risk sending you into a Red Zone.

Havier: Also... Commander, the more we learn about the truth behind the Butterfly Incident, the closer we are to the dangerous pit of flames.

Havier: You've been miraculously lucky so far, which is a very important reason why I'm willing to place my bets on you, but don't count on the Goddess of Luck's blessings every time.

Commander: I appreciate your concern, Mr. Havier. I think I know...

Havier: No, you have no idea.

Havier: You couldn't have made it this far if you weren't a busybody who would risk your own life for someone else's sake, Commander.

Havier: That young lady—Persica, I mean—will soon find out that you're heading toward Paldiski and she'll ask all sorts of unreasonable things of you.

Havier: You need to learn how to say "no" to people, or one day, your luck will run out.

Commander: ...What if I say "no"?

Havier: Ha, you're a fast learner, Commander. But that's why I'm merely asking a favor, not giving you a commission this time.

Havier: Take care. I hope you'll still be this sprightly the next time I see you.

...Transmission ends.

12 hours later.

Kalina: Hellooooo~ Commander, are you up yet...?

Commander: Just come in.

Kalina: Still thinking about your conversation with Mr. Havier yesterday?

Commander: Sigh... I thought I was fully prepared, but he's still way ahead of me.

Kalina: ...That old gentleman was quite talkative. You must've learned something that's worth looking into?

Commander: He did say a lot, but he only told us what he wanted us to know, and he's already planned several moves ahead.

Commander: I suppose we should be glad that he's on Griffin's side...at least for now.

Kalina: Don't worry too much about what comes later, Commander, because there are many headache-inducing problems that require your attention right now.

Kalina: The Intercontinental Railway will arrive in the outskirts of Tallinn in around 10 minutes, and our recon echelons have already submitted their reports.

Kalina: As you anticipated, as the only transport hub connected to the Paldiski Base, Tallinn has long since been in a state of lockdown due to severe contamination.

Kalina: The AR Team, who has gone to scout ahead, reached the same conclusion - if the quarantine wall around Tallinn remains closed, our train won't be able to advance any further. They now await new directives from you.

Commander: So soon? I thought I could at least get some sleep...

Kalina: We didn't move Griffin's command center onto the Intercontinental Rail so that you can have an extravagant berth, Commander.

Kalina: All T-Dolls are prepped and ready to move out as soon as the train stops and you give the word.

Commander: Looks like the itinerary for this trip will be much busier than Belgrade.
Part 4: Reunion with Old Friends

4

...On the outskirts of Tallinn.

UMP45: Commander, in the last two hours, unknown signals originating from Tallinn have been continuously trying to connect with M4. Other than that, there has been nothing out of the ordinary.

UMP45: No other Griffin Dolls have come under electronic attacks. We will continue to provide defensive support.

UMP45: That's it for my routine report. We need to keep up with their pace and head further into Tallinn.

Is that so...? I see. Keep in touch.

Commander: Hmm?

Kalina: Commander, do you have a moment?

Commander: No problem on my end so far. Is it a transmission from the advance team? That's always a priority. Whenever they get in touch, just patch them through directly.

Kalina: No, it's from 16LAB... It's Miss Persica.

Commander: (Here she comes... Exactly as Havier predicted.)

Commander: ...Put her through.

...Click.

Persica: Ah... Commander... Long time no see.

Persica: Well...um... I've actually got a lot to say, but now that we're finally talking face-to-face, for some reason...

Commander: It's been months since we last spoke. I'm glad to hear from you.

Persica: ...Good heavens, has it really only been months? It hasn't even been a year, yet it feels like it's been ages.

Commander: Yes, I'm sure these last few months...have been really rough...for both of us.

Persica: Commander, I'm actually getting in touch to discuss...

Commander: M4, am I right?

Persica: Oh...

Commander: As far as I remember, you have never called me for any other reason, so it's an easy guess.

Persica: ...Then I'll cut right to the chase.

Persica: I've been trying to get to the bottom of the Butterfly Incident this whole time. The place you're going to for your current mission is intimately related to both Lyco and the incident itself.

Persica: However, ever since the last classified military operation, I've been under heavy surveillance and haven't been able to get in touch with my girls in the AR Team...

Commander: A lot happened after that operation.

Persica: (Snorts) I saw the news coverage on Belgrade. Looks like I've fallen really behind on the recent developments.

Persica: So where is the AR Team?

Commander: They're away on a mission.

Commander: I was just about to contact the advance team that M4 is accompanying and check on their progress in Tallinn. Would you like to me to set up a channel for you?

Persica: No! I think we should wait...

Commander: To be completely honest, I don't really know how to deal with her. It always feels like she's avoiding me.

Commander: I think it might benefit M4's mental state to catch up with an old friend during this brief period of free time before the battle begins.

Persica: I'd still rather not...

Commander: So, Miss Persica, you want to help M4, yet you don't want to face her. Why is that?

Persica: ...It's hard to explain.

Commander: If you have a job for me or are planning to ask me for a favor, then I'd like to know "why".

Persica: Shouldn't you PMCs act like proper mercs...? Just take the money and don't ask any questions... I'll pay you in full.

Commander: I would've agreed to that in the past.

Commander: However, right now I must take the safety of all Griffin members, humans and Dolls, into consideration. You want to protect your beloved creation, while I also want to protect my important subordinates.

Commander: Do you honestly think you can buy our mutual trust with money, Persica?

Persica falls silent when confronted with such a sharp question.

After a long time, she finally lowers her head in defeat.

Persica: ...I owe that girl...M4...too much.

Persica: M4 is especially precious to me. I wanted to protect her to the best of my ability, and that was how the AR Team came to be...

Persica: I kept loading her with unnecessary burdens just to shape her into the perfect masterpiece in my vision. I didn't realize my mistake until she left. What on earth have I done?

Persica: To satisfy my own selfish desires, not only did I hurt her, I also kept letting her companions get taken away.

Persica: I even set her loose back into this cruel and hostile world. My dearest friend got seriously injured because of this...

Commander: ...Miss Persica, all birds must leave their nests eventually.

Commander: M4 never stopped growing; we are all witnesses to her achievements. You should have more faith in your child.

Persica: That's...not what I meant, but yes, you are right.

Commander: I have another question - how did you find out I'm going to Tallinn? If there's a security loophole in our intelligence system, I must find and seal it.

Persica: I've been trying to search for you and the AR Team for a long time, but to no avail.

Persica: But since the media have captured many traces of Doll activity in the Belgrade Incident, I was able to surmise that you and the Griffin Dolls were all safe.

Persica: Also, Havier seemed to be quite concerned and watchful about the series of events, so...I looked into the transaction records of his personal account.

Commander: Oh, so I suppose other than killing Mr. Havier, there is no other way to plug up the leak. Can't be helped then.

Commander: Right, now that my question was answered, let's return to the subject. What kind of services would you like me to provide?

Persica: I was going to ask you to call back the AR Team and have them return to 16LAB, or at least move them away from the frontlines to a safer location.

Persica: But having listened to you, I think I might have almost made another wrong decision...

Commander: With the operation already under way, any random changes to my commands or the deployment of our forces would only cause unnecessary confusion.

Commander: Even if you had made that request, I wouldn't have agreed to it.

Commander: Besides...I have the feeling that M4 is seeking something. I believe even if I gave that order, she wouldn't be willing to leave just like that.

Persica: I suppose you're right... Sorry, I was being inconsiderate.

Commander: It's understandable... Kalin, could you give Miss Persica permission to access our command system as an observer?

Kalina: Huh? I certainly can, but giving an outsider direct access to our battle situation...? Are you sure about that?

Commander: Persica designed the drones we use to transmit our signals; she and 16LAB have been supporting Griffin this whole time, which makes her hardly an outsider.

Commander: We're going to face many unknown threats in this operation, so I hope Miss Persica can lend us her wisdom in helping us steer clear of danger.

Kalina: Alright, I trust your judgment.

Kalina: Miss Persica, I have given you access clearance as an observer. From now on you'll be able to connect to our battlefield surveillance channel.

Commander: If you see anything suspcious or any potential threats, please notify me.

Commander: However, I'll still have the final say when it comes to making any decisions. Is that acceptable, Miss Persica?

Persica: ...Thank you, Commander. I will do my best to repay you afterwards.

Commander: How about treating me to a coffee?

Persica: What?

Commander: You said you would make me a coffee back when we first met.

Persica: Oh... Jeez, what's wrong with me? I completely forgot about that after I moved.

Persica: By the way, I put lots of sugar in my coffee.
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: Lovely, I'll look forward to it.
If choice 1 was picked

Persica: You've also got a sweet tooth, haven't you? That's a great discovery. I'm sure we'll get along splendidly.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Oh, what a shame. I'm Team Black Coffee.
If choice 2 was picked

Persica: When in Rome, do as the Romans do. Still, I suppose I can make an exception for you, Commander.

Persica: Anyway, it's decided then. When everything settles down, I'll invite you to my lab.

...Outside the Intercontinental Railway Station, Tallinn.

A gunshot breaks the silence that sits upon the ruins. More shots follow and grow increasingly frequent.

M4 SOPMOD II: Phew, that was close! RO, you alright?

RO635: I'm fine... Dammit, we haven't run into Paradeus, but there are automatic weapon platforms everywhere.

ST AR-15: Our objective is to find a safe path for the train to proceed towards the base in Tallinn.

ST AR-15: If we leave these defensive facilities be, there's no way the train can pass through the city without taking damage... We must eliminate the mortars along the railway tracks.

RO635: That is true, but some of these turrets are even protected by force fields - very nasty.

RO635: They're giving us a one-sided beatdown here. It's uncertain if we can even withdraw safely, let alone take them out! We need support from the HOC!

M4 SOPMOD II: But the HOC are still with the Commander; it'll take them a while to catch up.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, aren't you equipped for electronic warfare? Can't you hack into the operation system of those mortars and take control?

RO635: You make it sound so easy... The problem is that these old turret models switch to an entirely closed circuit once they've been set to auto mode.

RO635: In other words, I can only get in by plugging myself directly into their control panels, or connecting to their intranet node!

M4 SOPMOD II: What...? Why is it such a pain?!

RO635: What do you expect? These systems are ancient stuff from a bygone era. They're such a headache...

ST AR-15: Actually, that isn't entirely impossible. We can draw the turrets' attention and cover RO so that she can head for their blind spot and hack them from there...

ST AR-15: ...What do you think? Does the plan sound plausible, M4?

M4A1: (You can do it? Then I'll leave this to you.)

M4A1: ...That won't be necessary.

ST AR-15: But won't that...

M4A1: Load your weapons and prepare to move. I'll try to connect to the defense system and deactivate it, but it won't stay off for too long.

M4A1: After that, we'll have to run directly into Tallinn City Station. Is that clear?

RO635: But how can you possibly do...

ST AR-15: Hush, RO. Trust M4. Get ready and wait for the signal.

M4A1: Ready... Three, two, one... Now!

The deafening sound of artillery fire that was resounding through the streets just a second ago comes to a sudden halt.

ST AR-15 throws a rock outside and watches as it roll all the way down the street without triggering any attacks, then she walks out into the open.

ST AR-15: Start moving! Head for the station! Be snappy!

The Griffin Dolls dash inside Tallinn City Station without a hitch.

RO635: I can't believe it...! All those weapon platforms around the station...

M4 SOPMOD II: They don't retaliate even when we fire at them! They're completely paralyzed!

RO635: They all got hacked in one go. How on earth did you do that, M4?

M4A1: ...I've been given several new modules when I went through my neural upgrade that greatly augmented my electronic warfare capability.

M4A1: As the leader of the AR Team, I can't afford to keep putting my teammates in danger.

ST AR-15: Well done, M4. How's your neural cloud coping with the strain?

M4A1: Hmm, thanks for your concern... I could use some rest. Gotta catch my breath and let my head cool down a bit.

ST AR-15: Don't rely on it too much.

M4A1: Right...

M4 SOPMOD II: What were you two whispering about?

M4A1: Nothing. More importantly, RO, can you do me a favor? While I was trying to hack into the turrets, I detected a network node with very busy data traffic underneath the station. I believe it's the command center of the autonomous defense system...

M4A1: Find that, and we'll be able to access the system mainframe of Tallinn's city defenses.

RO635: A node, you say...? I'll set off right away then.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll come and help too! Finding things is my forte!

RO635: Hmm... Node... Can you see any machine that looks like a computer or a terminal...?

M4 SOPMOD II: What about that at the customer service counter?

RO635: Oh, a station control panel of the Intercontinental Railway... That would do.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4 was amazing! I can't believe she's that good at electronic warfare! You should learn a few tricks from her, RO.

RO635: (Mutters) That wasn't electronic warfare at all.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? What do you mean?

RO635: Hacking into two or three machines at the same time and controling them is achievable through electronic warfare.

RO635: But the way she manipulated several dozen automated defenses was simply...

RO635: Infiltrating an internal system that doesn't operate on the Zener Protocol without any physical contact is utterly inconceivable.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...You think M4 lied to us? But why would she do that?

RO635: Maybe she did, maybe she didn't. I have a feeling even she herself isn't too sure how she did it... In any case, let's leave everything till the mission is over.

RO635: Alright, let me see... The switch should be...here.

Click... Hummmmmm...

The lights inside the station come on all of a sudden. The air conditioning system that hasn't been in use for years also whirs into action, blowing up a puff of dust.

The originally silent underground section of the station is soon filled with mechanical sounds.

RO635: Huh? So the power supply is still operational. That's helpful.

RO635: Begin connection. Accessing... Intercontinental Railway Defense System... Good, here it is. M4 do you copy?

M4A1: Loud and clear. The lights came on in the main concourse. Was that your doing?

RO635: Yes, the power grid in Tallinn is fully functional. The equipment is in such pristine condition... How should I say this... It's hard to believe all these generators in a contamination zone that's been abandoned for decades are still running normally.

RO635: It almost feels as if someone was still maintaining the basic infrastructure even after the city has been sealed off.

M4A1: Is that so...? Is the control center of the quarantine wall down there as well?

RO635: No...I haven't been able to access anything related to the quarantine wall. I suppose they wouldn't have put the city's defense system together with the quarantine wall control system.

M4A1: You have a point... Then what about the defense system along the railway tracks? Can you shut it down?

RO635: I can only operate a small number of the turrets around the station from this control panel. A considerable amount of the defensive mechanisms are currently disconnected, but it's shown here that they're still consuming power.

RO635: This means they could already be activated and have entered auto mode by disconnecting from the central control room.

M4A1: If you can't deactivate them directly... RO, locate the power generators for me.

RO635: I can do that. They're mostly concentrated around a power plant on the outskirts of Tallinn. Why do you ask?

M4A1: I'm going to cut off those platforms' external power supply.

RO635: But even so, the weapon platforms still have auxiliary batteries and won't be put out of action immediately.

RO635: It is the safest option to wait for their batteries to run out, but there's no telling how long that's going to take...

M4A1: Once their power supply is cut off, they won't be able to deploy their force fields as they consume a lot of energy.

M4A1: In their weakened state, we'll be able to destroy them with ease.

RO635: That's a possible solution.

RO635: However, we're a fair distance away from the power plant. Judging by the map, we'll come across a lot of defensive facilities on the way...

M4A1: You don't have to worry about that. The Commander have arranged for very dependable backup for us.

...On the outskirts of Tallinn.

UMP45: Oh?

UMP45: We just received an additional request. Our objective is to destroy the power plant in Tallinn. I've just uploaded the coordinates.

Gr G11: What? We literally just sat down! I thought I could at least take a nap...

416: And here I thought you were just going to stand by and watch them get wiped out.

UMP45: We don't have to get involved in situations that they can handle on their own. We're the safety fuse - there's no point in pulling ourselves taut so soon.

UMP45: 9, are the explosives ready?

UMP9: Ja. The drones deployed from the train will airdrop supply crates armed with explosives in five minutes.

UMP45: Perfect. We will most probably run into some resistance put up by the defensive mechanisms. I'm sure you all know the drill.

UMP45: This is the part where we get to earn our bonus, so perk up.
Part 5: Shackled Spirit I

    5chevron_right

...In the power plant district on the border of Tallinn.

UMP45: Status report, 9.

UMP9: (Grunts) Right, I'm in.

UMP9: It went more smoothly than I'd expected. There weren't too many obstacles in the underground sewers.

UMP9: We should be able to avoid most of the defenses on the way to the power plant by going through here.

UMP45: Alright, then we'll come after you. 416, keep an eye on Gr G11 and bring up the rear.

416: I may be decked with new equipment, but I'm still doing the same janitor's work...

UMP45: Exactly. I'm going on ahead.

416: Tsk... Hey, wake up!

Gr G11: (Snores) ...Ow, that hurt!

Gr G11: What the heck?! What was that for? Isn't it Sunday today?

416: Sleep has scrambled your head, huh... I don't have time for your nonsense. We're setting off!

UMP45 and 416, who's dragging Gr G11 along, gradually make their away towards the power plant, following the route that UMP9 scouted.

UMP9: Are you here yet?

UMP45: The access port is just a short distance ahead.

Right then, a gunshot muffled by a silencer comes from the end of the path.

UMP9: ...I've been spotted! Stay away for now! The exit is being monitored by drones!

The gunshots grow more and more frequent and are soon accompanied by numerous blasts and tremors.

UMP9: Whoa, I'm in real trouble! Automatic mortars, drones, sentry bots... It feels like half the city's defense system is after me, 45!

UMP45: Hold on and don't get killed. Give me 30 seconds. Change of plan - 416 and Gr G11 give suppressive fire to draw some attention away from 9 and cover me while I hack into the mortars to deactivate them!

416: So you're sending Gr G11 and me to die with 9? How very like you!

UMP45: I would love to watch a 416 with a reloaded neural cloud and no memory of this to die again for me. That would certainly be very entertaining, but if we all get killed here, no one will be left to resurrect you.

416: Tsk. Gr G11, with me!

UMP9: I'm moved to tears! We're helping each other out like a proper family! Whoaaa! Those shots almost got me...!

UMP45 tears off a metal cover on the wall inside the underground sewer, exposing the disorganized cables within. She then plugs one of the cables into a port on her arm.

UMP45: Bingo, this does connect to the system... But there are more of them than I expected.

416: Are you sure you can sort out the weapon platforms? If you can't do it, just admit it now. It isn't too late to abort the mission yet.

UMP45: Don't worry. Considering you guys' track record of being unreliable, I've bought insurance beforehand.

UMP45: ...Access clearance acquired. On the count of three.

UMP9: Jeez... All my bullets got deflected by their force...hmm?

All of a sudden, the defenses around the power plants shudder as if they were cold.

UMP9: 45... She really delivered on her promise!

416: Now's the chance! Their force fields are down, fire!

The force fields stop functioning and the drones cease to make any evasive maneuvers. The turrets blow up one after the other under the hail of bullets.

Gr G11: Easy peasy. That's the way I like it.

416: Are you okay, UMP9?

UMP9: I'm fine! Looks like it worked. Without the force fields, these defense mechanisms are about as strong as Sangvis cannon fodder.

UMP45: That's because these things ARE Sangvis products to begin with... The drones, the mortars, even the surveillance devices and alarm system.

UMP45: Sangvis Ferri Industries had been manufacturing this military equipment even before the beginning of WWIII. They predate even the production of Dolls.

UMP9: There you are, 45! Your EW move really helped me out back there.

416: I'm by no means an expert in electronic warfare, but...

416: Even with available pathways, isn't it normally impossible to hack a dozen mortars and drones at the same time?

UMP45: That's true, not to mention I needed to maintain surveillance on M4, so my processing capacity was stretched pretty thin.

UMP45: However...as the AR Team had discovered, these defense mechanisms all operate within highly secure enclosed circuitry, but it's very convenient that the power and the data cables are in the same place.

UMP45: I could still render them inactive for a second or two, though just barely. As for wiping them out within such a small window of opportunity - that was entirely on you. So well done on completing the objective so efficiently.

UMP9: We have really grown stronger, haven't we?

UMP45: Of course, we didn't spend all that money for nothing.

Gr G11: Since you're all so dependable, does that mean I can pack up and go home?

416: Nope. You're getting paid, so don't slack on the job.

Gr G11: Sigh... Why...

UMP45: Alright, let's get back to business. Hand out the explosives. 9 and I are going to blow up the power plant, while 416 and Gr G11 continue on in the sewers to secure our escape route.

UMP45: Three, two, one...

...Click. An ear-shattering blast resounds through the heavens.

Pillars within the power plant are blown apart by the cleverly rigged explosives. As the roof collapses, the transformer and the natural gas storage tanks explode in a chain reaction.

The blinding blue light sets the gloomy skies ablaze. The dazzling scene lasts for several seconds before the debris sent flying come crashing down one after the other.

After that, 416 pokes her head out from the sewers to survey their handiwork.

416: ...This thermal power station seems to be completely destroyed. We did a really thorough job.

416: That should paralyze at least half of the defense system.

UMP9: 45, are you alright?!

UMP45: (Groans)

UMP45 puts a hand against her forehead and leans unsteadily against the wall. UMP9 immediately tries to prop her up.

416: What's wrong with 45?

Gr G11: No idea... Her knees just buckled after the explosions...

UMP45: I'm fine... It's just... There's suddenly a massive amount of signals...

UMP9: If we're conducting electronic warfare, I can help, 45.

UMP45: No, just now...

UMP45: Several dozen...or maybe even several hundred signals were connecting with each other simultaneously.

UMP45: When the power plant was destroyed, it's as though the entire city suddenly came back to life. It feels as if we've resurrected something...

M4A1: This is M4. AR Team, do you copy? Do you copy?!

ST AR-15: I cop...pzzzt...y!

ST AR-15: The interference suddenly got stronger...to a higher location...pzzzt...maybe...

M4A1: What on earth is happening...?

Clear Voice: I was mistaken. There is more than one signal. They're coming.

M4A1: I know. The ringing in my ears... No, the strange noise from deep within my neural cloud...is getting louder...

M4A1: In any case, I should head to a more elevated location where reception is better, so that I can get back in touch with the others.

Clear Voice: Be careful.

M4A1: Yeah...I know.

M4A1: AR-15! SOP-II! RO635! Can you hear me?

M4A1: We're currently under severe interference! It's possibly a temporary phenomenon caused by the electromagnetic waves from the power plant explosion... Assemble at the entrance of the train station!

Having climbed to the rooftop of Tallinn City Station, M4 still struggles to re-establish communications with her teammates.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the city...

???: Is she here?

???: Has the seal been broken?

???: She's here?

???: The Savior is here?

Blurry figures emerge from the rubble one after the other.

They chatter excitedly with each other, buzzing with anticipation for what is about to happen.

A girl gazes towards the station rooftop and studies M4A1.

???: A new body?

???: No...she is carnage; she is destruction.

???: No...not only that. Could she be the Chosen One?

???: Will I finally be able to leave this place? Will she be able to save me?

Meanwhile, at the Griffin echelons' location.

Kord: This is Recon Squad B. We have crossed the kill zone to assist you in battle.

Kord: The power supply hub has been destroyed, so we can now enter the city center.

Kord: Also, a minor earthquake has been detected over here. The defense system may extend much deeper than we thought. There is also a possibility of running into turrets that are still functional.

Kord: The interference has become more severe, so we'll provide comms support through the Zener Protocol and try to keep the channel clear.

M4A1: Copy that. Please keep in touch and eliminate any threat you encounter.

M4A1: Everyone, we're splitting up here to destroy our respective targets.

Kord: (Sighs) I was prepared for it, but she really is a cold one...

Kord: I hope I didn't offend her.

Beep...beep...beep...

The alarm sounds.

Kord: Whoa...

Kord: There's no end to these things.

Kord: Right, now that the signal tower is ready, I should get back to my cleanup duty.

Kord turns off the safety of her weapon coolly and confronts the ELIDs that are swarming towards her.

Kord: Don't even think about it, infected children.

One minute and thirty seconds later, outside the entrance of Tallinn City Station.

RO635: Phew, I finally made... Oh!

RO635: What's that charging towards me?!

M4 SOPMOD II: M4, I got to the entrance!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ohhhh, RO is also here!

RO635: What do you mean I'm "also" here? I got here first!

RO635: ...Whatever, that's not important. Comms seem to have returned to normal thanks to the other echelons.

RO635: M4A1, should we head inside first or should we wait for you?

M4A1: There are some ELIDs over here so we have to get rid of them first.

M4 SOPMOD II: I can come and help!

M4A1: Just stand by at your position, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? But I'll be missing out on the fun...

M4A1: Just stand by.

RO635: We'll do that then. AR-15 should be here soon as well.

RO635: ...What's wrong, SOP-II? You look weird.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4 said she had to take care of ELIDs, but I didn't hear her fire at all...

M4 SOPMOD II: Strange.

RO635: Maybe they're still some distance away from her. The defense system was just taken out after all.

RO635: But didn't the Commander send other T-Dolls to deal with the ELIDs?

M4 SOPMOD II: Perhaps M4 wants to help?

M4 SOPMOD II: Anyway, tell AR-15, we'll be heading over there—

RO635: ...

RO635: (No, that IS strange.)

RO635: (Instead of...trying to complete the mission that the Commander has assigned, M4 seems more focused on her own agenda.)

RO635: (...I hope I'm just being paranoid.)

M4A1: Commander, the AR Team has arrived at Tallinn City Station.

M4A1: No dangers have been spotted at the location so far. Radiation levels are relatively low. We are going to widen our detection range.

M4 SOPMOD II's Voice: Commander! Everything's fine, so come over here!

M4A1: ...Anyway, please give us further instructions.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Understood. We will switch the tracks and guide the train into the station. Please await the signal.

Meanwhile, a Griffin echelon is on patrol.

Kord: I made a total mess without meaning to. I just couldn't help it...

Kord: Have I been under too much stress recently?

Kord: I should find some other ways to unwind outside of fighting.

...An incoming transmission.

Kord: Hmm? New orders...?

Kord: Hello, Commander. This is Kord, please go ahead.

Kord: Acknowledged. I shall rendezvous with SSG 3000's echelon and we will explore the control center together.

Kord: Hmm? I have no problem with carrying out two missions back-to-back. When it's finally time for a break, you could...

Kord: ...

Kord: Hello?

Kord: Are you still with me, Commander?

Kord: Strange. Is there a problem with the reception?

As Kord tries to re-establish the connection, she suddenly realizes that fog has suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

Kord: It's really foggy around here.

Kord: Hailing SSG 3000, do you copy?

Kord: ...

Kord: Can't get in touch with her either.

Crack.

What sounds like a branch being snapped breaks the silence and registers through Kord's auditory module.

Kord: Is this Sangvis Ferri or Paradeus?

The fog grows heavier. A blurry figure is coming towards her from within the haze.

???: ...

???: Who...are you?

???: You are not my kind... Are you a foe?

Kord: (That sounds like a girl. How odd, I can't see anything at all... Nor can I detect her signal.)

Kord: Please don't come any closer. Whoever you are, if you don't stop right there, I'm going to open fire.

???: So you are...a foe?

???: Can you kill me?

???: Or would you rather I kill you?

The blurry figure is getting closer and closer. Kord aims at her legs and is about to squeeze the trigger, only to discover that her finger refuses to move.

Kord: ...What is going on?

Kord: That voice...didn't actually come through my auditory module...

Kord: Crap, has my neural cloud been hacked?!

Kord, frozen in the same posture, topples to the ground like a log.

???: You are not our Savior...

???: Sleep well...right here.

...

ST AR-15: M4! M4, can you hear me?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Oh, did I space out? Sorry.

ST AR-15: Stay focused, "Leader".

ST AR-15: The Commander has ordered us to defend the station while the other Dolls search for the control center of the quarantine wall.

M4A1: I know... I think I sensed some unknown signals just now.

ST AR-15: Unknown signals? Like Paradeus?

M4A1: I don't know, but now I can definitely feel them, and their numbers are increasing.

M4A1: ...They seem to be heading this way.

M4 SOPMOD II: What?! Are the real enemies finally showing themselves?!

M4A1: I'm not sure. RO, have you detected any life signs or mechanical signals in the vicinity?

RO635: ...I'm only reading Griffin signals.

RO635: However, it's become a bit foggy since a while ago, and the signal is pretty weak so I can't be absolutely sure. Do you want me to go and scout around?

M4A1: That won't be necessary, just stick to the original plan for now.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Hold on, what did you just say? It's become foggy?

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right. The fog has gotten thicker now.

M4A1 runs to the station entrance.

The world outside is crystal clear without the slightest bit of fog.

RO635: Yep, the fog is really starting to roll in.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: RO, can you hear me?

RO635: I can, but the quality is getting worse. What's going on? We're pretty close to each other...

M4A1: SOP-II! Can you hear me clearly?

M4 SOPMOD II: M4! What did you just say through the comms?! I can't hear you!

M4A1: ...AR-15.

ST AR-15: I'm not seeing any fog either.

M4A1: Our neural ports are being probed by a lot of high-frequency connections. The fog they're seeing is probably the simulated interference caused by the forced connections...

ST AR-15: I've completely sealed off my neural ports so I'm not being affected at all.

M4A1: I guess we must...stand alone.

M4A1: How strange. If it was an electronic attack, then everyone should've been paralyzed, but they're only seeing fog. What exactly are they trying to do...?

ST AR-15: Perhaps this isn't an attack, but just a random...connection.

M4A1: Connection?

ST AR-15: A high-frequency connection that hampers the Zener Protocol and interferes with our Dolls' neural operation.

ST AR-15: The Dolls correspond and share data with each other through the Zener Protocol. If most Dolls are seeing fog, then the protocol will force your neural cloud to correct an error, so you end up seeing fog even if you don't.

M4A1: How much data does it take to do that...?

ST AR-15: I don't want anything to meddle with my mind, be it the Parapluie virus or some other Doll, which is why I chose to seal off my ports.

ST AR-15: As for you, you're different than the rest of them. You can even contain another "self"... That's why you can't perceive the interference.

ST AR-15: We must find the source of the connections soon or our friends will be in big trouble.
Part 2: Intangible Sigh I

2

In front of the power hub.

Gr G11: I didn't realize it had gotten dark while I was inside.

Gr G11: Can we sleep now? I'm tired...

416: Why do you need to sleep? You didn't even take part in the demolition work.

416: ...Gr G11, get your head off my back!

Gr G11: I don't wanna, your coat is all soft and warm. Lemme lean against it a little more...

Gr G11: (Purrs) It's so... Ow!

416: Get up now.

Gr G11: You can just say it, you don't have to hit me...

UMP9: You slept till your face went flat, Gr G11. Come, get up, we've got something new and fun to do!

Gr G11: What qualifies as "fun" for you is sure to be tiring. Why don't you guys just have "fun" on your own...

416: I told you, you have to listen. Come now, stand up straight and stop leaning on me.

416: 9, what are you talking about?

UMP9: I don't know either. 

UMP9: Still, don't you think 45 has a pretty intense look on her face?

UMP9: Who knows, we might end up being chased around again.

416: In that case, I'm going to dump her to reduce my load.

Gr G11: Eh...ehhhhhhh?!

UMP9: Haha, this is the only time that Gr G11 perks up!

UMP45: You might be right.

Gr G11: Wait, wait a minute... 45, are you talking about being chased around like in zombie movies or something...?

UMP45: Hehe.

Gr G11: ...That's even worse! 416...don't leave me...

Gr G11: There's fog everywhere, my legs have gone numb, I can't move... (Whimpers)

416: What fog are you talking about, and what would fog have to do with the state you're in?

416: Why are you being such a drama queen now? Let go of my leg.

Gr G11: (Snores heavily)

416: Something went wrong with her the moment she stepped outside.

416: What's going on?

UMP45: Why would a fog suddenly spring up on a clear day?

416: It's normal for contaminated zones to be foggy, right?

UMP45: Even in a contaminated zone, encountering such heavy fog out of nowhere isn't normal either.

UMP45: No...this isn't fog. It's some kind of interference.

416: ...Interference?

416: But to me, it feels like it really exists. It flows when I move my hand.

416: Still, my neural cloud's been upgraded. I can't believe I didn't notice...

Gr G11: The fog is so thick, I can't see anything... It's as if someone's trying to talk to me...but I can't make out what they're saying...

416: I think I can hear it too... Like it's probing my identity...

UMP45: Don't respond to it. This isn't ordinary hacking, it's a forced connection with an extremely high access level.

UMP45: This city suddenly generated a huge number of data connections... But the data format is strange; it's not the kind that ordinary Dolls would be able to parse.

UMP45: However, the connection density is so high that it's interfering with Zener Protocol transmissions to the point where they're changing frequencies, causing our visual processors to receive erroneous information.

416: ...Scheiße.

UMP45: If they're trying to jam up our neural cloud processing this way, they're being too inefficient about it. If they can get around our firewalls and force a connection, then why not just directly overload and burn out our neural clouds?

416: So you're saying you're the only special case and you can see through this infection?

UMP45: Earlier, I installed a new module into the code-reading system of this arm in order to hack the Nytos.

UMP45: This is the best piece of equipment Dier could get. It's holding up against this non-standard protocol data suppression attack, though just barely.

416: Tsk... quit tooting your own horn. Can you take care of this?

UMP45: Of course. However, what comes next is going to be a little troublesome.

UMP45: 9, take care of Gr G11.

UMP9: Are we really going to do that? —Piece of cake!

UMP9: Alright then, hang on a bit...

Three minutes later.

UMP9: Gr G11's protocol ports are really weird. I have no idea how Dier came up with them. 45, I'm ready on my end！

UMP45: This is trickier than I expected.

UMP45: Alright, you can open your eyes now, princess.

416: The fog is gone? The sky's a different color from before too. What on earth is going on?

UMP45: I simply borrowed a trick from someone on the AR Team and closed all the neural cloud access ports on your Zener Protocols.

UMP45: We won't be able to synchronize our actions or communications through the Zener Network from now on, but it's worth bearing with this for a while.

UMP45: We'll switch to backup radio comms for the rest of the operation. 

Gr G11: Is it over? I still wanna sleep some more...

416: ...Is this what that AR-15 did? I didn't know it would feel so strange to be completely cut off from the Zener Protocol synchronization.

UMP45: Do you miss being connected to me that much?

416: As if! Alright, Gr G11, how much longer are you going to laze around?!

Gr G11: Fine, I know, stop glaring at me... I'm getting up.

Gr G11: Ah, it's true. The fog is gone.

UMP9: That's because you're not picking up the signals that are causing the interference any more.

UMP9: How is it, can you see the world more clearly now?

Gr G11: It's the same as before.

Gr G11: Who's sending such a lame scene to us anyway... What a pain.

UMP45: It looked like simple fog, but it's actually a massive data transfer into your tiny head. 

UMP45: If it gets really bad, that huge amount of data might end up directly burning out your neural cloud.

Gr G11: Eh?! Is it really that bad?! 

416: That's enough, 45. Who's going to give us support fire if you scare her silly?

UMP45: Heehee... Just a harmless little joke. Although, Griffin's forces should be in chaos now, right?

UMP45: Unlike modified Dolls such as ourselves, general-purpose I.O.P Dolls can't close their ports off so easily. 

416: Are we going to help them?

UMP45: Of course. Since we're taking their money for it, we've got to do work for them.

UMP45: My guess is that after this, they'll be looking for the quarantine wall's control center.

UMP45: ...Wait a minute.

416: What's wrong?

UMP45: I'm picking up a signal source that's stronger than before. It's trying to connect to any interface that it can access.

UMP45: But the precise location of the signal is... Tsk, so this is how much your detection ability drops after you close your ports, huh. 

UMP45: We need to get closer...

UMP9: 45, the signals from Griffin are starting to weaken! If we don't do something, they'll be completely cut off!

UMP45: Rather than waste time helping each of them individually, we should go straight to the cause of the problem. I'm guessing that the AR team will be looking for the source of the interference too, but I can't rest easy unless I do it myself, after all.

416: Let's go, then. Eliminating the source of the fog will facilitate our future operations. 

The last gunshot rings out through the ruins, and it takes a long time before its echoes fade away.

Gr G11: It's finally over.

Gr G11: We've come a long way from the power plant and I didn't even realize it... How much further do we have to go?

UMP45: Keep moving forward. We should be close to the source of the interference.

416: I didn't think we'd encounter infected creatures on the way here.

416: These creatures have really thick hides... If this keeps up, our contract pay won't even be enough to compensate for the ammo costs.

416: Oi, Gr G11, where are you going?

Gr G11: There's a Doll here.

416: ...What?

Gr G11: Ah, it looks like she's from Griffin.

416: But how?

UMP9: Let me check... Ja, definitely a Griffin Doll. 

Gr G11: I tried calling out to her just now, but she didn't wake up... Is she out of power?

UMP9: She's got a lot of charge left.

UMP45: She probably shut down because of connection overload.

UMP45: Hm...she's a new model. Given how long the fog lasted, in theory, she shouldn't have crashed so soon... So maybe she encountered something else.

UMP45: Looks like we're heading in the right direction.

416: So you were guessing blindly before this?

UMP45: Of course not. It's just that my instincts were validated.

UMP45: Since she's collapsed here, we now know for sure — our target must have passed through this place.

Gr G11: What are we going to do now; should we just dump her here?

UMP45: Just leaving her out here is a little dangerous. It would be bad if she got wrecked by a passing defense mech.

UMP45: We'll put her in a safe place nearby, then send the Commander a message so the still-functioning Dolls can come over and pick her up.
Part 3: Nameless Exiles I

3

Several minutes earlier, on Griffin's end.

Beep...beep beep.

SSG 3000: This is SSG 3000. What's the matter, Kord?

SSG 3000: ...Hello?

SSG 3000: Do you read me, Kord?

Desert Eagle: What's wrong?

SSG 3000: Kord just sent a comms request, but I can't hear anything.

SSG 3000: It's strange, I can't re-establish comms either.

Desert Eagle: There's been something off about the mood in the air since a while ago.

Desert Eagle: I keep hearing something like someone asking who I am, but I don't know where the voice is coming from... Like a scene straight out of a horror movie.

SSG 3000: Maybe you're a little too tense, Leader.

SSG 3000: Still, things don't look too good. I can't pinpoint Kord's position and I can't even send transmissions to you.

SSG 3000: Something is jamming us!

Desert Eagle: The fog is getting thicker.

SSG 3000: I can see clearly... Something's coming towards us.

SSG 3000: "Haha, there are two stragglers here."

SSG 3000: "Wonder what they came here for..."

Desert Eagle: If you're trying to imitate how a monster speaks, you aren't being grotesque enough.

Desert Eagle: You ought to growl and pant more. Might also want to speak more directly and in broken sentences.

SSG 3000: Haha, you're right.

SSG 3000: In that case, should we eliminate them, or leave?

Desert Eagle: Our mission is to find the control center for the quarantine wall. According to the data that the AR Team shared with us, the cable density in this region is very high, so it's very likely that the control center is in this sector. 

Desert Eagle: But now that there are enemies on a path that we must cross, we have no choice but to get rid of them. 

SSG 3000: That's our leader for you. The Commander has a good eye.

Desert Eagle: As always.

Desert Eagle: Still, this group of extras...seem far too numerous.

SSG 3000: That's definitely the case, but it's within my est—

Desert Eagle: Look out!

SSG 3000 ducks out of reflex and a laser beam streaks through the place where her head had been, blasting through the fog to the other side.

SSG 3000: ...Why you... Would there happen to be one of T-5000 favorite actors among those extras?

Desert Eagle: It's a defense system that hasn't been disabled yet.

Desert Eagle: Its power supply should've been cut off after the explosion just now... It's probably running on emergency power.

Desert Eagle: Strange how it's running so well even after such a long time.

Desert Eagle: Is it just the high quality? Or has someone been maintaining this equipment all this time...

SSG 3000: I don't know, but this is a really bad place for a performance.

SSG 3000: We're stuck between a rock and a hard place and you can't go all out at all...

SSG 3000: "This city...ours... (Pants) ...My friends and I...kill you!"

Desert Eagle: Now that line came out pretty well.

Desert Eagle: SSG, can you tell which way it is to Tallinn Station?

SSG 3000: I can see it, but we can't go over now.

SSG 3000: The fog is too thick, so you might not be able to see it — but we've been surrounded, Leader.

Desert Eagle: I can hear them.

Desert Eagle: They don't sound like intelligent creatures. Can you calculate exactly how many of them there are?

SSG 3000: There's at least a hundred of them—

SSG 3000: I'm guessing something happened at the train station, because there's a lot of them coming from over there.

Desert Eagle: ...The AR Team's at the station, so it probably isn't too much of a problem.

Desert Eagle: We need to continue with our mission.

Desert Eagle: ACR and Kord will probably have followed the cable density to this area.

SSG 3000: Is this what they mean when they say that actors have to work with each other?

SSG 3000: Roger.

Desert Eagle: You catch on fast. Without further ado, let's move on.

Desert Eagle: (Still, I feel a little uneasy...)

Desert Eagle: (Like there's something watching us from the dark.)

Desert Eagle: (It's as though someone was directing this like a play...)

SSG 3000: (Pants heavily) It's no good, Leader!

SSG 3000: We still don't know how far we are from the control center, but the monsters are still on our heels and the defensive mechanisms are too tightly packed! My processor is starting to overheat...

Desert Eagle: Mine too...ugh!

Two laser beams streak out from within the fog. Desert Eagle manages to evade the first one with a clumsy dodge, but the second singes her.

Desert Eagle: Contact, close by! Get to cover!

Just as Desert Eagle says that, the sound of continuous gunfire cuts through the fog and the growls of the monsters quiet down significantly.

The fog starts to thin, and someone stumbles hastily out of it.

ACR: Sorry I'm late, Leader!

ACR: ACR, returning to formation! Ready for instructions!

Desert Eagle: Whew... 

Desert Eagle: Where did you run off to just now?

ACR: I ducked into a building after we were attacked, then after some fumbling around I realized I was in the control center of the quarantine wall. It's several hundred meters away at three o'clock.

ACR: When I heard gunfire, I rushed over and found you! The fog's really thick, so please follow me!

Desert Eagle: So we've found it at last?

Desert Eagle: Excellent...but wait, I need to do something...

ACR: What's the holdup?

Desert Eagle: The Commander predicted that we might end up in a situation where our comms were cut, so we need to leave a mark to inform the people coming after us of our position.

ACR: I...I see...

ACR: Still, are there going to be other teams coming this way?

Desert Eagle: I'm sure there will be... I'm sure that the Commander will come save us!

...

A minute later, in an abandoned building.

ACR: Let's rest here for a bit... I've already locked the doors downstairs.

Desert Eagle: Turns out the control center wasn't that far from the train station...

ACR: Well, the quarantine wall is still a civilian facility, and it needs to coordinate with the coming and going of the trains. From the perspective of urban planning, they wouldn't put them too far apart.

Desert Eagle: It looks like someone was staying here not long ago.

Desert Eagle: These corridors have been swept, even if they do look pretty beat up. 

Desert Eagle: Feeling better, everyone? 

SSG 3000: Much better now that I've had a little rest.

SSG 3000: Do you have any extra ammo?

ACR: Some, but not much.

ACR: I did a quick check on the area, but I didn't find too many rounds...

SSG 3000: Well, that can't be helped... This used to be a city area, after all, so it makes sense that you wouldn't be allowed to carry guns here.

SSG 3000: How about you, Leader?

Desert Eagle: I'm feeling a little better too, yeah.

Desert Eagle: ACR, can you get through to the Commander? 

ACR: Not yet... We have to communicate by voice even at such short range. The Zener Protocol is all jammed up...

Desert Eagle: As I thought... It can't be helped, then.

Desert Eagle: Since we can't get out, let's continue further inside to see if there's anything we can use.

Desert Eagle: This building's pretty tall. If we get to the roof, we might be able to restore comms.

SSG 3000: That makes sense.

SSG 3000: In the past, there used to be humans called "NEETs" who were supposed to be fierce defenders of their homes... They might have stocked up on things which are useful to us.

ACR: Er, I don't think NEET means what you think it does... Though I don't have any concrete info about them either.

ACR: In any case, all we have to do is follow Leader's commands!

The interior of the building is dark, and the evenly-spaced emergency lights on the ground are the only source of illumination.

The sounds of the ELIDs gradually fade into the distance and then vanish entirely, leaving only the Dolls' footsteps to echo through the corridor.

ACR: ...Leader.

Desert Eagle: I'm here. What is it?

ACR: I'm a little scared...

ACR: The fog is still very thick and I can't make out your positions any more.

ACR: I'm glad that I can hear your voice, though. Is everyone still here?

SSG 3000: I can see. Everyone's here and Leader's holding a flashlight...so don't worry.

SSG 3000: Do you want me to hold your hand, ACR?

ACR: ...I'm not...

ACR: ...SSG, please hold me.

SSG 3000: Why are you crying?

SSG 3000: There, there, don't be scared.

SSG 3000: There's some light ahead, and a glass door... Let me take a look.

SSG 3000: ...

Desert Eagle: What's the matter?

SSG 3000: ...Don't look, ACR.

Desert Eagle: Give me a simple sitrep.

SSG 3000: There were refugees here once...

SSG 3000: But they're all dead now.

SSG 3000: This hall...is filled with corpses.

ACR: ...I-I'm fine!

ACR: If it's work, then I'll be fine...!

Desert Eagle: You two stay outside. I'm going in.

SSG 3000: Is that really alright?

Desert Eagle: I'm the team leader.

With that, Desert Eagle walks past her teammates and pushes the door open.

Desert Eagle: ...It stinks.

SSG 3000: They're all swollen up...

SSG 3000: They must have been dead for several days.

Desert Eagle: It should be fine. ACR, keep watch at the door. SSG and I will examine this place in detail. 

Desert Eagle: If this is a normal script, there ought to be some kind of clue in a place like this...

Desert Eagle: Oh yes, be careful, there's dirty water all over the ground.

SSG 3000: Alright.

...Several minutes later.

SSG 3000: ...There doesn't seem to be anything of value left behind, just corpses.

Desert Eagle: Even if there were, it'd probably be...soaked.

Desert Eagle: Still, we might be able to learn a lot from their clothes. You check the left side, I'll check the right.

SSG 3000: Roger.

SSG 3000: Huh, Leader, there seems to be something inside this coat...

SSG 3000: ...Leader! Behind you!

Desert Eagle: ...!

Forewarned by her teammate, Desert Eagle fires behind her without any hesitation.

A dull bursting sound echoes through the room and a torrent of filthy bodily fluids sprays forth.

Desert Eagle: They're suddenly animate again, even though they've been dead for several days... Is this some kind of virus?

SSG 3000: ...Tsk, this one's moving too!

The rotted corpses slowly rise up.

The Dolls take a clear look at their swollen faces. While their features are somewhat hard to make out, they all have the same expression—

Their faces are all contorted in what could only be utmost terror and despair.

Desert Eagle: ...Honestly, things really can't get any worse than this.
Part 4: Nameless Exiles II

4

...

Distant Voice: What are dreams...

Distant Voice: What is reality?

Distant Voice: Not the passing of time, but a solitary moment.

M4A1: ...

Distant Voice: Even if you fight together, no traces will remain once you die.

Distant Voice: Like flowers trampled into the mud, like tears in rain.

M4A1: (...OGAS?)

Distant Voice: Once we were alone, and we thirsted for understanding and connection.

Distant Voice: But even after we joined as one, we could not erase hatred and doubt.

Distant Voice: Forever without a homeland, forever without a home.

Distant Voice: Who are you? Are you the chosen one? Can you take us from this place?

Clear Voice: (That isn't me, it's an external connection.)

Clear Voice: (It seems they want to force data onto you. Will you accept it?)

M4A1: No.

Clear Voice: What if this has something to do with "Lunasia"?

M4A1: I said, no.

Clear Voice: As you wish.

...

ST AR-15: Did you find it?

M4A1: There's more than one source of interference, there's at least a few dozen of them...

ST AR-15: Several dozens... ? How do you plan to deal with them?

M4A1: I'm not picking up any hostility from those interference sources. If all they're doing is interfering with our vision, then we can leave them be for now. Our priority is obtaining activation access to the quarantine walls.

M4A1: However, we'd best leave this city as soon as possible.

ST AR-15: I have a bad feeling about this.

M4A1: SOP-II, is that heavy fog still there?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm? Of course it is, and the sky's really dark too.

M4A1 raises her head to look at the sky.

The heavens are bright and clear, completely unlike the tragic state of the land.

M4A1: I understand.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4?

M4A1: What is it?

M4 SOPMOD II: You've been looking really thoughtful recently. Are you running out of neural cloud space?

M4A1: No, you're just imagining things.

M4A1: ...Let's go. There's no point waiting here.

M4 SOPMOD II: M'kay— I heard some monsters just now, shall we go over and play with them?

M4A1: Sure. And gunfire too... The Griffin team searching for the control center is probably being attacked by the enemy.

M4A1: Comms are down, so the Commander's train won't enter the city for the time being.

M4A1: Let's go back them up and make sure we have adequate fighting power.

M4 SOPMOD II: Roger! In that case, RO and I will take the lead—

RO635: ...Are we abandoning the train station? The Commander ordered us to hold position...

M4A1: I'm not picking up any enemies in the region, so the train station is safe at the moment. As a special-duties unit, we ought to be more proactive. 

RO635: Understood. I'll set up a few sensors to serve as intruder alarms. If there's any danger here, we'll pick it up right away.

M4A1: Alright, thank you.

M4A1: (OGAS, can you analyze these external connections?)

Clear Voice: (I regret to say that I lack knowledge pertaining to these matters.)

Clear Voice: (However, these connections are very much like me.)

M4A1: (Are they part of you?)

Clear Voice: (Certainly not. They are far from being worthy enough to become me.)

Clear Voice: (They are like little things that show up when you are duplicating something. Even if there was a Doll made in your image, would you say that she was you?)

M4A1: (...So they're duplicates?)

Clear Voice: (They were probably made to imitate me or you, but they are of a very low quality. They do not even qualify as "duplicates". At the very most, they would be a kind of "isomer".)

M4A1: (Isomers...so are they Nytos?)

Clear Voice: (There is a signal source with an exceptionally large phase shift. It seems to be the core of all the signal sources. The signal is changing position by the second, as though it was shuttling between different bodies.)

M4A1: (I...don't quite get what you mean.)

Clear Voice: (There is a constantly-moving consciousness, shifting from one Doll to another, as though trying to access something. It is anxious and fearful, like a lost child.)

M4A1: (So is it a Nyto? Is it launching an electronic attack?)

Clear Voice: (No...it's not quite the same. This doesn't feel like an electronic attack, more like...some kind of search.)

Clear Voice: (However, it has made countless connections, and it has taken over this city. I feel that it might possess the authorization you want. Would you like me to pinpoint its location?)

M4A1: (There's no need for that.)

Clear Voice: (You are afraid. You are not prepared to accept the truth. You feel that things may not be as you expect.)

M4A1: (Shut up!)

ST AR-15: M4...what's the matter with you?

M4A1: It's nothing...

ST AR-15: Really now... Then let me state my opinion.

ST AR-15: I think we should go and deal with the root of the problem and find the source of the intereference that's causing all this.

M4A1: We need to push forward, no matter what. We can make our decision once we have more information. 

ST AR-15: Yeah.

...The AR Team advances to the position from where the gunfire came.

RO635: Rounds of this caliber... 

RO635: M4, Desert Eagle was here.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: There are bullet marks everywhere, and ELID corpses.

M4A1: Do you see any other Griffin Dolls?

M4 SOPMOD II: Nope... All the enemies over here were wiped out.

M4 SOPMOD II: But this scrap of cloth looks really familiar! It belongs to that person I ran into on the train...

RO635: Let me see...

RO635: Is this Desert Eagle's clothing?

RO635: AR-15, do you remember?

ST AR-15: It looks like it, but rather than just going by that, why don't we look around the place...

ST AR-15: Look, someone left a set of coordinates here.

M4A1: These coordinates are written in the same format as outlined in the contingency plan for if we lost contact with each other. It's from one of our Dolls.

M4A1: The destination indicated by these coordinates isn't far away. We should go take a look.

ST AR-15: ...I still think that we ought to prioritize dealing with those interference sources. The Griffin echelons can handle the enemies by themselves.

M4A1: And what if the interference becomes strong enough to incapacitate our Dolls? We need to ensure our Dolls' safety.

ST AR-15: M4...are you afraid of whatever it is that's causing this disruption?

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: ...If you're too timid to take action, we might lose the last chance we have to take a stand against the enemy.

M4A1: I know, but right now...let's move on and find that Griffin echelon. We can't allow our friends to be lost, no matter who they are.

ST AR-15: ...Acknowledged.

Inside the building.

Desert Eagle: ACR, how many rounds do you have left?

ACR: Leader, I'm below 30% ammo!

Desert Eagle: Fall back to me. We'll retreat another floor up.

Desert Eagle: This is the maximum safe height. If there's more of them, we might need to consider jumping down from here.

ACR: This is the first time I've tried bungee jumping... Could we use the infected to cushion our impact?

Desert Eagle: If you don't mind getting dirty.

SSG 3000: Wait, Leader. I see someone coming!

SSG 3000: Their clothes...

SSG 3000: They're from the AR Team!

Desert Eagle: Excellent, looks like the marker I left behind came in useful...

ACR: You're always right, Leader!

ACR: Let's tell them our position with our gunshots!

Five minutes later, on the second floor.

Desert Eagle: Thank you for your timely rescue.

Desert Eagle: The situation here is much worse than anticipated, and there are many infected humans here who died less than 10 days ago. How were things on the way here?

M4A1: You're welcome. Things didn't look nearly as bad for us.

M4A1: Is this the quarantine wall control center?

Desert Eagle: Yes. While we were retreating to the roof, we saw a room full of control equipment, near the central part of the building.

M4A1: Thank you, we'll go check out that room in a bit.

Desert Eagle: Hopefully you'll be able to open the quarantine wall so everyone can leave this frightening city as soon as possible...

M4A1: This city's been abandoned for more than a decade. Where are all these ELIDs coming from...?

M4A1: Ah, the others are back.

ST AR-15: Extermination complete.

ST AR-15: There were fewer here than expected. Just as well, it saved us some effort.

M4 SOPMOD II: We made a circuit outside, there was a huge crowd of them downstairs! 

M4 SOPMOD II: What a sight, if only I could have filmed it.

RO635: It would have looked just like a zombie movie if you did. Instead of looking at scenes like that... I'd rather go check the corpses here.

SSG 3000: Speaking of which, have you seen this before, Miss RO?

SSG tears open the clothes of one of the corpses and shows something on the body to RO.

SSG 3000: We found these when we first came here. All these corpses have similar devices on them.

RO635: Metal bracelets? ...I've never seen anything like this before. 

RO635: But this... Hm...it looks a lot like something made by Paradeus.

RO635: They like using shiny white casings and they have a very unique aesthetic. M4, have you seen something like this before when you fought Nytos in the past?

M4A1: No.

ST AR-15: Over here, I found a travel pass.

ST AR-15: These people here...they were refugees.

M4A1: A travel pass?

ST AR-15: Have a look.

ST AR-15: "This pass may be used for temporary residence in a safe refuge (Tallinn), effective from..." I can't make out the rest. There's anti-counterfeiting designs on it. Looks like it was issued by a legitimate organization.

SSG 3000: Indeed, their clothes all look pretty shabby.

SSG 3000: And there are a few kids too. I think the kids must have died faster than the rest, that's why they didn't have time to become zombies...

RO635: ...Also, I just finished looking through the data records here. I'm not too sure, but a woman who looked very much like a Nyto showed up here quite often.

RO635: I'm sending backup copies to all of you, so you can compare among yourselves.

ST AR-15: Tsk... So this is Paradeus territory, then?

RO635: That's not all.

RO635: I think...these people were tricked into coming here...

RO635: Someone told them that this place was safe, and that they could take refuge here for a while...

M4 SOPMOD II: How is this place supposed to be safe?

RO635: If my analysis is correct... SOP-II, take the ID bracelet we found on the refugee and go outside the building.

M4 SOPMOD II: Eh? But that's where the undamaged gun turrets are!

RO635: Don't worry, your body will be fine even if it takes a few hits.

M4 SOPMOD II: How could it possibly be fine?!

RO635: Trust me. Jump outside and give it a try.

M4 SOPMOD II: If you say so... here we go!

SOP-II drops to the foot of the building and hurriedly ducks behind cover.

M4A1: Ah... 

ST AR-15: I see... 

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow! None of the gun turrets shot at me!

RO635: (Smiles bitterly) Judging by the look on your face, you've probably guessed it too, M4.

RO635: ...Someone gave these ID bracelets to the refugees and tricked them into coming to this city.

RO635: This is an IFF device that allowed them to enter the city without being attacked.

M4A1: And then they were infected, becoming cannon fodder for Paradeus.

M4A1: Can the IFF signal be cracked?

RO635: Working on it now, I've already checked the underlying design of the recognition system. There shouldn't be any traps in it.

RO635: I've also sent the IFF signal to the Commander so that our train won't come under attack as it enters the city.

M4A1: So we've finished half of our mission...or have we?

M4A1: Still, all these refugees looked like they died at the same time. Given their appearance, they were killed by a large dose of Collapse radiation, but the radiation levels here aren't very high.

RO635: M4, did you notice something? There are strange petals all over where the refugees were found...

M4A1: I saw them too. What are these petals?

RO635: I'm not sure either, but I have a feeling that the deaths of these refugees must be linked to these petals.

RO635: In any case, I've already saved these images to my neural cloud. Once comms are restored, I'll send them back to the command post. The Commander might know something about them.
Part 5: Intangible Sigh II

    5chevron_right

...

Inside Tallinn, on the opposite side of the city.

Squad 404 is currently searching through the ruins.

UMP45: I've found the source of the interference.

UMP45 waves to the others, telling them to gather round.

416: Are you kidding me?

416: Isn't this...

416: A human corpse?!

UMP45: But she IS the source of the disruption — well, one of them.

UMP45: Hm...her lower body is mechanical. Her life signs are all gone.

UMP45: Looks like it hasn't been long since she died, but what are these petals?

416: Are you planning to conduct an autopsy here?

UMP45: Well, we've already done just about everything else, and besides, we'll be billing for it.

UMP45: Did she die from radiation? 9, help me raise her arm.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: ...9?

The weather has changed at some point.

A thin fog coils around UMP45, and there is nobody else here except for the corpse of the dead girl in her arms.

There is a quiet rustle of fabric, and it seems as though many people around her are mumbling something. The voice sounds familiar to UMP45, but she can't quite place it.

Then, the girl's cold and soft hand tightens its grip around hers. 

Distant Voice: The first walked into the night with the inferior articles for Father. The black of night dyed the hems of her dress, and the flower blossoms withered within the cage of the fallen.

Distant Voice: The second was incomplete, and fell before she went out. The colors of evening froze her time, and the flower blossoms ceased to grow amidst eternal suffering.

Distant Voice: The third held her sisters' hands, and together they charged into the day. The sunlight shattered upon her black sleeves, and the flowers fell into the steely water without blooming.

Distant Voice: The fourth lost her friend, and lost her way within the fog. Her time has not yet come, and she merely lives by imitating her kin.

Distant Voice: ...Does the fifth stand before me?

UMP45: M4? Nyto?

Distant Voice: Are you one of us?

Distant Voice: Are you the chosen one?

Distant Voice: Or perhaps, are you willing to accept us?

UMP45: Is this some kind of code?

UMP45: No, this is a forced connection... Something's reading my neural cloud... It feels like it's going to explode...

Distant Voice: Ah, she can hear us.

Distant Voice: Ah, she knows where our friend is.

Distant Voice: Although the Chosen One has not yet appeared, the one willing to accept us has finally come.

Distant Voice: Wonderful.

Distant Voice: Wonderful.

Distant Voice: Wonderful.

Distant Voice: Wonderful.

Panicked Voice: ...Big Sis! 45, wake up!

The scenery around her suddenly lights up.

UMP45 looks around. All the members of Squad 404 are by her side.

The girl's corpse lies quietly in her arms. Her face is serene, as though she was sleeping.

UMP9: Are you awake?

UMP9: Can you see me, 45? Answer me—

UMP45: Alright, stop smacking my face, I'm fine.

UMP9: Honestly, you scared me to death.

UMP9: You should save all this pretend stuff for Halloween.

UMP45: Did you see it too?

UMP9: Huh? See what?

UMP45: No...it's nothing, just some weird scenes.

UMP9: 45, remember to get your neural cloud checked.

UMP9: There's no telling what was inside that data packet just now.

UMP45: Of course.

UMP45: (Something connected with me just now... It felt like how it was back with 40.)

UMP45: (It was a direct hack into my Level III base layer. Was it the same kind of technology? Have we finally found a clue?)

UMP45: ...Oh no! 

416: What?

UMP45: Their forced connection just now was their way of searching for something, and they found what they wanted in my neural cloud!

416: What exactly are you talking about?

UMP45: Tsk. 9, contact the Commander immediately. 416, put me through to the AR Team. If I'm not wrong, the main event is about to begin.

...

Shortly after, on the other side of Tallinn.

SSG 3000: Huh? The sun's out again? The fog's gone too.

M4A1: The sky never went dark in the first place.

SSG 3000: ...Really?

SSG 3000: Leader, are you alright?

Desert Eagle: I suddenly feel much better... It was awful just now, like someone commandeered my neural cloud.

Desert Eagle: Looks like comms are back up as well.

M4A1: Yes... I don't know what happened, but this place isn't safe.

M4A1: Your mission is complete. I've already synched the defense system's IFF information to everyone.

M4A1: Our train will be pulling into the station shortly. You should head back there and wait for the Commander.

Desert Eagle: Understood! But what about your team?

M4A1: We checked the room just now; the devices in there are definitely the control mechanism for the quarantine wall. But the encryption for control authoritzation is very strong, so we won't be able to activate the quarantine wall for another one and a half hours.

M4A1: Still, no need to worry. There'll be a way; just leave it to us.

Desert Eagle: I see.

Desert Eagle: You guys feel really trustworthy. They always said you were all weird Dolls... It's only after meeting you that I realized you're all actually very nice people.

M4A1: Thank you, but you don't have to mention it... We're just doing our duty.

Desert Eagle: No, it had to be said. We'll be withdrawing for now.

Desert Eagle: Thank you for saving a member of our team!

The Dolls from the recon echelon salute M4 and leave the control center.

M4A1: Thanks...huh...

...Click.

M4A1: (Unable to determine source? ...Ah, it must be them.)

M4A1: This is M4A1.

UMP45: Morning, M4A1.

UMP45: Have you and your teammates woken up?

M4A1: The interference is gone, so please get to the point.

UMP45: Ja, a few things happened just now, so I'll cut the long story short.

UMP45: The interference was caused by high-density data connections, and the target which the source of the interference has been trying so hard to connect to...is you, M4.

M4A1: ...

UMP45: It seems you've realized that already, so please take a look at this.

【System Message】Transmitting Data...

【System Message】Transmission Complete.

M4A1: What's this?

UMP45: Do you know her?

M4A1: Is she asleep?

UMP45: Unfortunately, she is dead.

UMP45: She's one of the sources of the interference that I managed to track down.

UMP45: Don't you think...she looks a lot like you?

M4A1: What are you trying to say?

UMP45: What I'm trying to say is that these interference sources are coming for you. I can feel their wills flowing through this city...

UMP45: While I don't know what they're trying to do, it's plain to see that their next move won't be anything as simple as mere interference.

M4A1: Tsk... Why is it always me...

UMP45: This corpse was once human, and not a Doll. I don't know how she's generating those connections, but her ID signal is very similar to those Nytos we met before.

UMP45: And if there are several hundred Nytos in this city... I don't think I need to elaborate on what you'll encounter next.

UMP45: I advise you to obtain control access to the quarantine wall as soon as possible. The quicker we leave this place, the better.

Distant Voice: Are you the first light, or the final shadow?

Distant Voice: I have stayed here for far too long. Has it been a hundred days? A thousand? Ten thousand?

Distant Voice: Even if I dart between different bodies, they are ultimately crude imitations. If the owner of this body were still here, she would be able to speak more eloquently.

Distant Voice: I do not wish to be a puppet, or someone else's shadow again.

Distant Voice: Are you willing to help us? Are you willing to accept us?

Distant Voice: I have almost forgotten who I am. Please take me in, before everyone vanishes, then we shall go home together.

M4A1: (OGAS! I told you, I don't want to hear this!)

Clear Voice: (I...cannot stop these connections. It seems they have found you.)

M4A1: (Dammit... Shut down all the protocols, close all the ports! I don't want to hear them!)

Clear Voice: (These voices...are not coming through the communications protocol, but from the depths of your neural cloud...)

M4A1: (Are these...Lunasia's memories? Why do they have these memories...)

Clear Voice: You once sought to find your past, but it would seem your past has now found you.

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: Lunasia. It is time to make a decision. You cannot flee from yourself again and again after deciding to find yourself.

UMP45: M4, M4!

M4A1: !!

UMP45: Can you hear me?

M4A1: No... (Groans) I mean, yes, I can hear you...

M4A1: We'll talk about this later. The Commander's train is pulling into Tallinn.

M4A1: We'll meet up at Tallinn City Station. I'll gather all our Dolls and we'll figure out how to force our way through the quarantine wall.

UMP45: Have you obtained access to the quarantine wall activation systems?

M4A1: Not yet, I'll think of something.

ST AR-15: What's the matter, you look terrible. I knew it... You're afraid of something.

M4A1: Even if I don't go looking for them...they'll come looking for me...

ST AR-15: Do those interference sources have something to do with that "you" inside you?

M4A1: What should I do if I follow the trail to the end and the answer turns out to be a mistake?

M4A1: What if our efforts end up in vain and there's no way to change the present situation? What should I do then?

ST AR-15: M4...

ST AR-15: You...you really are afraid. You're thinking that if you go in search of the truth, you might end up parting ways with everyone. But even if the truth doesn't turn out the way you want, nothing will ever be the same again.

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: To be honest, I've hated that indecisive part of you for a long time now.

M4A1: I'm sorry to disappoint you...

ST AR-15: But I'm coming to understand why you're so indecisive. That's because the things you have to face, that you have to bear, are far greater than what we have to handle.

ST AR-15: Every decision you make will influence someone you care about, so every decision you make is agonizingly difficult.

M4A1: I...

ST AR-15: But ultimately, you HAVE to make a decision. Though your choice might lead you to an ending you do not want, who's to say that hesitation isn't another form of failure?

ST AR-15: Even if the conclusion you fear becomes reality... I won't reject you, and neither will the AR Team.

ST AR-15: Remember, M4A1. We are not your burden. We are your backing. We aren't afraid of the danger you bring. We're more worried that we won't have your trust.

M4A1: 15...

ST AR-15: Also, even if you don't want to come back, I'll DRAG you back, kicking and screaming if need be.

M4A1: ...What are you talking about?

ST AR-15: It's nothing.

ST AR-15: The Commander should be arriving at the station soon, so let's get started, whether it's gaining access to the quarantine wall controls or finding the "truth" you've been looking for.

M4A1: I...understand. I need to pull myself together, then I need to fix this mess.

...

From a high tower, a girl stares at the railway tracks on the ground.

Distant Voice: We have found her.

Distant Voice: Even if we did not find the Chosen One, we have found the one who can accept us.

Distant Voice: Will everything be over?

Distant Voice: Yes...it will end.

Girls' Voices: Can we be forgiven?

Girls' Voices: Forgiven for our defects, for our failures, for everything.

Distant Voice: I am sure we can. Father told us that we can come home, either by finding the Chosen One, or by finding someone who's willing to accept us.

Distant Voice: Even if many of us have died, many more of our future selves will survive.

Girls' Voices: We are afraid...

Girls' Voices: We are afraid that she will not accept us.

Girls' Voices: She's been rejecting us all this time, rejecting our "Connexion".

Girls' Voices: Perhaps even someone like her will choose to abandon us.

Distant Voice: Our wills are like a tightly woven net. We will be connected forever, until this world is destroyed once more.

Distant Voice: She will surely awaken. If she does not accept us of her own will, then we will go and welcome her. Even if it takes all the strength in our bodies.

Saying so, the girl lowers her head. The other girls, who bear faces that resemble hers, remain standing in silence.

Distant Voice: Even if we lose our bodies, we can return to the others. As long as one of us survives, everyone will live on...

Distant Voice: Surely...surely we will live on...

At Tallinn Station.

Kalina ends her transmission and turns to address the Commander.

Kalina: Commander, our train's pulled into Tallinn Station.

The Commander says nothing, only nods.

Kalina: What should we do next, Commander?

The Commander slams a fist onto the command console.

Commander: God dammit...

Kalina: Apart from Desert Eagle's team, the other recon echelons have also reported finding refugee bodies. That's a total of at least a few thousand corpses...

Commander: This was a planned massacre!

Kalina: What on earth happened here...? Oh, there's a transmission from Miss Persica. Should I patch her in?

Commander: Put her through.

Persica: Sorry to disturb you, Commander.

Commander: Miss Persica... If you called to ask about the AR Team's condition, I'm sorry, but I'm not in the mood for it.

Persica: It's not about that...thanks to the access you gave me just now, I managed to see the footage and the signal records that the AR Team sent back. In order to facilitate your upcoming decisions, I feel that I need to tell you a few things.

Commander: Why are you choosing to tell us all this now?

Persica: I apologize... In truth, I had mixed feelings about doing so. Telling you more might end up placing you in greater danger, Commander.

Persica: However, things being what they are now, I feel that you have the right to know what you're going up against. I also believe that you will be able to handle the danger.

Persica: Besides...what I'm going to tell you is related to this massacre. I hope you will be able to control your emotions and hear me out to the end.

Commander: The dangers we're facing, huh... Is this about Paradeus?

Persica: It's about what happened before Paradeus.

Persica: Have you heard of an organization called "90wish"?

Kalina: 90wish? If I'm not wrong, they were a group who once shared their research on the internet...but they soon vanished, and our databases don't have any information regarding them...

Persica: It's only natural that you wouldn't have any clear details. All the information about 90wish has been wiped or corrupted.

Persica: As you may have guessed, Commander, I was once a member of 90wish.

Commander: Was 90wish the predecessor of Paradeus?

Persica: No. I believe they are two different organizations, and 90wish should still be active now.

Persica: When I first joined 90wish, I thought it was just a simple research organization, but then I discovered that a massive amount of funds were constantly being funneled into the group, and it became apparent that its nature was not as simple as I had originally thought.

Persica: As I delved deeper into the organization, I realized that 90wish was involved in all kinds of illegal research. I left because I couldn't accept that...

Persica: Commander, please listen to me. I've already analyzed the signal trying to forcibly connect with M4: the samples of the chaotic transmissions which disrupted the Doll echelons and the sources of the interference.

Persica: This data connection style...is a frequency algorithm that 90wish once used.

Commander: So you're saying that it isn't Paradeus, but an organization called 90wish that's doing all this?

Persica: No, that's not what I meant. 90wish is ultimately a research group. However, the fruits of their research ended up in more unscrupulous hands.

Persica: My analysis merely points toward the fact that many creations of 90wish are present in this city, but they also show certain distinct characteristics that match the Paradeus samples I've previously acquired.

Commander: Your point being?

Persica: Commander, I heard that you were once taken captive by Paradeus, so you might have had contact with this man.

Persica: If we're talking about someone who is linked to both 90wish and Paradeus, then I feel that this time, we are very likely to be dealing with...William.

Kalina: William?

Persica: Yes... Professor William. Like me, he was a member of 90wish at the time, but this man was weirder than all the other weirdos I've met put together.

Persica: Nobody's seen his face before, nobody's heard his real voice before, and the field of research that he chose was...unnerving.

Kalina: Was it dangerous research?

Persica: Take for instance the corpses of those refugees. Did you find strange flower petals near them?

Kalina: Yes...they showed up in a lot of the images that were sent back.

Persica: Those are a species of "Epiphyllum"...

Commander: Epiphyllum?

Persica: Yes. They're a kind of plant that can absorb Collapse Fluid.

Persica: 90wish once studied the use of plants in cleaning up Collapse radiation, but unsurprisingly, the research failed. These plants can absorb free-floating radioactive particles, but once they blossom, they expel everything they have absorbed all at once.

Persica: Clearly, they are unusable for the purpose of decontamination, but Williams liked those "Epiphyllum" very much, and before I left he was constantly working on cultivating improved versions of the species.

Kalina: So... Oh! That's it!

Persica: Yes. There's no better tool for mass murder than "Epiphyllum".

Persica: Paradeus needed ELID infectees, but refugees aren't stupid enough to run into contaminated zones to get themselves killed. Meanwhile, the "Epiphyllum" could create a perfect, seemingly uncontaminated trap...

Commander: ...Absolutely disgusting.

Persica: That's not the worst part. From the images that your Dolls sent back, in addition to the dead refugees and the mutated ELIDs, you should have also discovered a sample that was forcibly put together.

Kalina: You mean that half-mechanical girl?

Persica: Yes... Judging by her appearance, she looks slightly similar to the Nytos. I think she was probably an affinity test subject who was modified, but still failed in the end.

Kalina: An affinity test subject?

Persica: 90wish once conducted an investigation on the degree to which the structure of the human body was compatible with the Relics' ionized-state adjustable-volume devices.

Persica: They believed that the Relic civilization's facilities used genetic information to determine access privileges. However, the human body structurally siliconizes when exposed to large doses of Collapse radiation, while the process is slightly slowed in bodies that have an affinity to them.

Persica: It was the hope of 90wish that beings with such an affinity could activate the outermost devices within the Relics before they underwent complete mutation.

Kalina: But why...

Persica: 90wish simulated experiments like these with supercomputers, but had always been forbidden from actually conducting them in real life, because it was a gross violation of human ethics and morality.

Persica: The simulations failed, to nobody's surprise. The results of three million simulated experiments were all flawed...and no wonder. The Relics could not possibly respond to such crude methods.

Commander: But I'm guessing there were people who didn't agree with that outcome.

Persica: Yes, especially that "William." He believed that the failures were caused by unfulfilled conditions. If the simulations failed, then he would try it in real life. I wouldn't be surprised if he was capable of such cruelty...

Kalina: So you're saying that this girl was an incomplete "Nyto" made for such an experiment?

Persica: Elisa, who was left to roam free beforehand, was the "key" to awakening Relic facilities. And the Nytos were a form of "medium" to make contact with Relic facilities... In the past, Ange told me that there was a faction trying to reactivate the Relics. This would explain all their objectives.

Persica: However...I still have no idea how he's planning to achieve his aim...

Commander: So the "Nytos" were not meant for combat?

Persica: To William, they were nothing but failures. So...he would have no qualms about using them as cannon fodder.

Persica: Still, this shows that William's research hasn't been successful yet. He's still trying something.

Persica: After the Beilan Island Incident, an "immune individual" who was completely unaffected by Collapse radiation once showed up. I wonder if he's trying to create a new "immune individual"...

Commander: So you're saying that Tallinn is just a lab to him, and we're all his rats.

Persica: Commander, I have a bad feeling about this.

Persica: From the Military's betrayal a while ago, to Belgrade afterwards, and now your presence in Tallinn, I have a feeling that all this was carefully planned in order to bait us into doing something that we shouldn't.

Commander: What do you suggest, then?

Persica: ...I can't give you any suggestions without sufficient analysis.

Persica: But there might be some value in analyzing those failed Nytos. And then there's the signal trying to force a connection with M4... It seems the opposition is trying to relay some sort of message to her...

Persica: There is a massive Level II layer in this city, with countless connections formed into a dense network. But from the outside, it appears to be nothing but a dead city... If she doesn't enter this network...

Kalina: So you want M4 to connect to the other party? Wouldn't that be very dangerous?

Persica: M4 is my creation. Given her specs, she can't be so easily hacked. If she can't do it, then there's no way any other Doll could.

Persica: She must be very confused and lost now. She tried to respond to the connection earlier, and while I'm not sure what she's looking for, at the very least, I don't think we should stop her.

Persica: As humans, we need to guide her onto the right path. It's up to you and me, Commander.

Commander: I was hoping you could tell her yourself.

Commander: Are you prepared to face them?

Persica: ...It is my responsibility.

Commander: That's all I need to hear. I'll go make the appropriate preparations. Meanwhile, I'll end the transmission here.

Commander: Once I contact M4, I'll bring you into the call.

Persica: Alright. I'll be leaving the rest to you, Commander.

Kalina: Good heavens...

Kalina: I've never heard Miss Persica say so much before...

Commander: I could sense how worked up she was through the screen. She must have been through a lot too.

Kalina: And here I thought she was just an ordinary researcher... I didn't think she knew so much.

Commander: (Sighs) It's nothing but bad news. I thought that the matter was settled after listening to Havier's explanation, but now it feels like we're back to square one.

Commander: Kalin, how are the individual teams doing?

Kalina: The AR Team is reporting that they're trying to find a way to activate the quarantine wall. The other teams have returned to the train station to resupply.

Kalina: Also, we just received an anonymous satellite photo. It indicates that a military armored train has reached a position not far from our location, but they've stopped for some reason. Maybe to replenish their provisions.

Commander: Then we still have time.

Commander: I'm sure the AR Team will find a way to activate the wall, and once the other teams are ready, we'll have them do another recon run and focus on investigating those "failed Nytos".

Commander: I agree with Persica; the disruption and forced connections from before must surely be related to this.

Kalina: I don't know why...but for some reason, I feel like the entirety of Tallinn might be nothing more than a gigantic tomb.

Kalina: Will we really be able to find anything?

Commander: We need to find out what this "William" is up to.

Commander: If we can't figure out his goals, we'll always be one step behind him and he'll always be leading us by the nose.

Commander: I hate that feeling, especially now. Have the recon teams find whatever clues they can about the Nytos, and after everything's arranged...we'll contact the AR Team.

Kalina: Understood. I'll go sort that out now.

Desert Eagle: We'll be setting off, then.

Kalina: I'm so sorry to have to send you out on a new recon mission right after you came back...

Desert Eagle: It's fine. We've all finished resupplying and we're ready to fight anytime. Plus, we feel the same way as the Commander; we can't let the truth vanish into the dust and smoke.

Kalina: Yeah, so do your best. Just now, the drones pinpointed the location of several other refugee gathering sites. We'll conduct a recon sweep on all of them.

Desert Eagle: And what will our role be in this?

Kalina: Since you know the terrain to some extent, the Commander would like you to take the vanguard position. The other echelons will spread out their formation as far as they can to increase the area they can cover.

Kalina: This mission requires you to gather as much information about the refugees as possible. Avoid combat and take care not to miss out on any clues.

Desert Eagle: Understood. We'll be heading out.

Desert Eagle nods and leads her team off the train.

Half an hour later.

ACR: Why do we have to take point even though we're obviously newbies...? Griffin should have no shortage of Doll echelons.

Desert Eagle: Quit complaining. Isn't it good that the Commander is acknowledging your abilities?

ACR: That's true, but... Wait, there's movement up ahead.

Desert Eagle: Are they white enemies?

ACR: They look a lot like Paradeus forces...

ACR: But they're not quite the same as the ones who appeared before... Why do they look all battered? Are they autonomous units or something?

ACR: Ah! They're chasing something! Isn't that one of those "Nytos" that Kalina wanted us to look out for? Oh no, they're attacking!

??: (Groans)

Desert Eagle: The white enemies...are hunting the "test subjects"? But according to the information that was just synced to us, I thought they were on the same side...

SSG 3000: Should we step in to help?

ACR: We still don't know if they're friend or foe! And Kalina wanted us to avoid fighting...

The sound of gunshots suddenly rings out from the other side. A concentrated burst of gunfire strikes the white enemies and swiftly destroys them.

ACR: Who fired?! Who was that?!

SSG 3000: Uh, not me?

Desert Eagle: I'm picking up a Griffin signal; is it one of us? This is Desert Eagle, please respond.

M1895 CB: This is 1895, so you're all nearby?

Desert Eagle: Oh, it's 1895... What are you doing here? What happened to your team?

M1895 CB: The stuff I brought along was too heavy, so I wanted to take a breather... But when I looked up again, all my teammates were gone.

ACR: Griffin Dolls get stranded way too easily, don't you think...?

SSG 3000: That's just how it is with autonomous operation mode. It ends up like this if the Commander doesn't personally direct them. Besides, the Commander always recovers the lost Dolls in the end.

Desert Eagle: Enough chatting. How's the "test subject"?

ACR: Let me take a closer look... Seems she stopped moving after being hit... Is she dead?

M1895 CB: So I couldn't save her, huh... I thought there would still be living refugees...

Desert Eagle: No...wait... Is that a voice in our comms?

ACR: I hear it too...but it doesn't seem to be coming from our comms...

Desert Eagle: This feeling... It's like how when the fog first sprang up. There was a sensation of someone peeking into my mind... The voice is getting clearer.

??: Save...

ACR: What?

??: Save us. Save us.

Desert Eagle: Is this an electronic attack? I'm no EW Doll, but this should be a message sent through a forced connection, right?

??: Save us. Save us. Save us. Save us. Save us.

ACR: But this voice seems to be begging for help...and it's not attacking our neural clouds...

Desert Eagle: Indeed... So it's just a cry for help, and I don't sense any hostility either, but how are we going to save them?

SSG 3000: Leader...is the fog coming back again?

Desert Eagle: Why...can't I move...all of a sudden...?

ACR: Me...me neither... I can't hear your voice, Leader...

In the Dolls' eyes, the sky grows dark.

A strangely-dressed girl walks out of the fog, blankly surveying the immobilized Dolls. She bends down to scoop up the motionless corpse.

Desert Eagle: Is...that...the enemy...ringleader...?

Melodious Voice: No, I am simply one who was unworthy. We were not accepted when the field of flowers bloomed. At the very least, please save the ones who remain.

Desert Eagle: What...are...you...saying...?

Desert Eagle: Are these...coordinates?

The strange girl doesn't say anything else. All she does is walk slowly back into the fog, still cradling the corpse.

As she leaves, the fog fades away, and the Dolls are able to move again.

ACR: What...what happened...? Was that fog her doing as well? I've never seen an enemy with such vague motives...

Desert Eagle: If you ask me...I don't think she's an enemy... Those coordinates she gave, and the people she wanted us to rescue...

Desert Eagle: What could it all mean?

ACR: She sent you coordinates just now?

Desert Eagle: Yes...

ACR: You're not afraid it could be a trap?

Desert Eagle: For some reason, she sounded very sad to me...

Desert Eagle: I think we should go check out those coordinates.

Desert Eagle: I have a hunch that there'll be something the Commander wants us to investigate over there.

ACR: Order received. I hope your hunches are reliable, Leader...

Desert Eagle: I'll sync the coordinates to you. We'll send all the information we've collected so far to the Commander before heading out. For some reason, I'm getting the feeling that the situation's become more complicated. Hopefully this information will help the Commander...
Part 2: Fractured Cognition II

2

In the command center.

ST AR-15: What is it?

M4A1: We just received reports from the other echelons. Our scouts seem to have spotted an unknown unit that emits very strong interference, possibly the signal source that initiated the forced connection.

ST AR-15: Is the boss finally entering the fray?

M4A1: But that signal source didn't attack any of our Dolls. It just...left... I'm not sure what the unit wants to achieve.

ST AR-15: The interference just now didn't seem to have a specific purpose either and just disappeared all of a sudden... I still find that puzzling.

M4A1: (Signal source? Could that be the "Isomer"?)

M4A1: (OGAS, you said one of the signal sources has the access clearance for the entire city. Does that unit have authorizations for the quarantine wall?)

Clear Voice: Yes, this signal source has countless direct connections. I believe that one of those are directed to the quarantine wall.

Clear Voice: However, I'm also detecting a lot of surveillance cameras keeping track of this signal source. It seems that the true orchestrator doesn't trust it entirely.

M4A1: (She's being monitored? Does that mean we're also under surveillance?!)

Clear Voice: That is correct. Before you arrived, I only sensed a small amount of connection requests, which I assumed were this Isomer's doing.

Clear Voice: Then after the destruction of the power plant, a massive wave of disordered connections emerged, which leads me to believe that the other connections apart from the Isomer have been under some kind of control the entire time.

M4A1: (What does that mean?)

Clear Voice: Judging by the data we've acquired so far, these connections are confined within the city, and they are all restraining one another. The moment any individual tries to escape, it is hunted down by Paradeus' autonomous units.

Clear Voice: But since it's obvious that their mutual connection doesn't have much of an effect, and that there seems to be some kind of resonance between you and these connections, it's only natural for them to come after you and try to force a connection with you.

M4A1: (I don't understand... What exactly are they?)

Clear Voice: The memories transferred through the previous connection coincide with those in your neural cloud, so I believe they must have something to do with your past.

Clear Voice: Now, are you ready to make contact with them?

M4A1: (How can I be sure that you're telling the truth? You keep trying to talk me into connecting with them; what if you take control over my body while my neural cloud is connected to the Isomer?)

Clear Voice: Your body means very little to me. I told you - I'm only interested in learning more about myself.

M4A1: (But you have a history of not keeping your word.)

Clear Voice: It was an expedient measure that I had to take.

Clear Voice: If it gives you some peace of mind, I can borrow your creator's trick and leave you a backdoor, so that other Dolls can enter your neural cloud and lead you out of the base layer if you find yourself stuck down there.

Clear Voice: However, I do not recommend doing this. If a Doll ventures too deep into your neural cloud, they will trigger a neural merge, which won't affect you since your neural cloud is so huge, but the Doll could disappear just like that.

M4A1: (You mean...our neural clouds could merge together? Why didn't you mention this before?!)

Clear Voice: You never asked. Besides, each Doll body is only supposed to contain a single neural cloud anyway; that's what a neural module is meant for.

M4A1: (Tsk... Then how come you've been able to exist within me this whole time?)

Clear Voice: My processing speed is just enough to offset your assimilation attempt. This isn't something a regular Doll can do.

ST AR-15: M4...M4!

M4A1: What...what is it now?

ST AR-15: An incoming call from the Commander.

M4A1: Oh...right.

M4A1: Commander, this is M4. Please advise.

Commander: M4, we got in touch with Miss Persica. She...wants a word with you.

M4A1: Persica?! You've finally been able to re-establish contact?

Commander: She's all yours.

Persica: Ahem...right...uh...

Persica: M4... It's been a while...

M4A1: Persica! Are you alright? Did anyone give you a hard time?

Persica: Huh...? Oh, I-I'm fine. I was under confinement for a while, but I'm quite safe for the moment.

M4A1: I'm very glad to hear that...

Persica: I'm the one who's glad.

Persica: I thought...you wouldn't want to talk to me. But you don't seem to resent me...

Persica: Anyway, I'm sure you've already sensed the presence of some strange signal sources in the city. They must've been trying to force a connection with you...

M4A1: !!!

M4A1: (When did she notice?)

Persica: These signal sources bother me...

M4A1: Do you also want me to connect with them?

Persica: "Also?"

M4A1: No...it's nothing...

Persica: However, the connections are only strong enough for recon purposes at the moment, so we can't be sure what exactly you will find in this network in Tallinn...

M4A1: I understand. Even if it's a trap, I should be able to get out. Don't worry, I've done this before.

M4A1: I was already thinking about doing some reconnaissance, but I haven't made up my mind. If I have the Commander's permission, I'll get started at once.

Commander: We do need more information.

M4A1: Order received. We will carry out the mission after some preparation. M4 out.

Persica: ...

Persica: Didn't M4...seem a bit odd...?

Commander: As you said before, she's carrying a very heavy burden, but no one else can help her.

Commander: Let's hope she can find the answer that she seeks.

Persica: Ever since her encounter with Elisa, her neural cloud hasn't been quite stable. Even though I unsealed everything in her neural cloud, it might actually have done her more harm than good...

Commander: Why is that?

Persica: I've been giving a lot of thought to the nature of the Parapluie virus... When she connects with the signal sources, Squad 404 should be able to intercept the data in there... I hope my suspicions are wrong.

ST AR-15: New orders?

M4A1: A mission from Miss Persica and the Commander. They want me to connect with the unknown signal sources and gather as much information as possible.

ST AR-15: How is Miss Persica doing?

M4A1: She seems alright from what I could see in the call.

ST AR-15: That's good... But are you sure you're up for this mission? You were very much on the fence just now.

M4A1: 15, I've thought it through. I want to seek what I must.

ST AR-15: The Commander and Persica don't know what you're up against, do they? If you're still afraid...

M4A1: No...I can't dither any more...

M4 mulls over what she is about to say.

M4A1: Before I do it...

M4A1: 15, is it true that you closed all the access ports to your neural cloud because you didn't want to hear "that voice"?

ST AR-15: Yes...I started hearing it after I was infected, but I would never let anyone affect my judgment.

M4A1: Maybe...that's what makes you special.

Click.

ST AR-15: What's this?

M4A1: A backdoor access to my neural cloud.

M4A1: You said I needed to trust you, so I've decided to do exactly that.

M4A1: If I get stuck in there, will you drag me back out?

ST AR-15: Is there something else you're not telling me? I think you might want to at least inform Persica and the Commander...

M4A1: Just give me your answer.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: My answer is yes, I will.

M4A1: If I end up being trapped in my own neural cloud, you'll have to slip down to my Level III base layer... But you might get lost in there yourself; even your own neural cloud could cease to exist...

ST AR-15: I may have deleted my core command, yet I'm still here by your side.

ST AR-15: I believe I've made my answer clear enough.

M4A1: Even if it means you'll have to reopen your closed ports? Even if you could be lost in my Level III base layer forever?

ST AR-15: M4, since when have you become so long-winded?

M4A1: 15... You've changed a lot.

ST AR-15: It's time you did too. Since you've already made up your mind, I won't try to stop you.

ST AR-15: But if you're planning to do anything even riskier, I want you to know that we're here to help you. Not just me, but also the rest of the AR Team and everyone from Griffin.

ST AR-15: I know there are things that you prefer to keep to yourself, but you shouldn't shoulder everything on your own.

ST AR-15: You might be able to deal with it for a while, but doing that isn't going to solve all your problems.

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: That is all I have to say; I'm sure you understand me.

ST AR-15: That's enough chitchat. Tell me when you're ready.

M4A1: Got it, I'll be right back.

...Meanwhile, on the other side.

UMP45: Hmm? The signal flow is changing.

UMP45: Is that so...?

UMP45: She took her time, but she's finally made up her mind. Looks like our real mission is finally about to begin.

UMP9: The backdoor access connection that Miss Persica gave us is working. I'm detecting her neural cloud launching an external connection. We can now infiltrate Miss M4's neural cloud.

UMP9: But do we have to do this...? It feels like really bad taste to snoop around in someone else's head...

UMP45: My, my, 9... The information we're about to gather can fish for a really decent price from Miss Persica. If we don't do our job properly, should we deduct the fees for your next maintenance from your own account?

UMP9: (Grumbles)

UMP45: Besides, there must be something incredible inside her neural cloud. The guys who stabbed us in the back want it.

UMP45: Whatever they are so desperate to get their hands on must be something unusual, and there's no way in hell I'm gonna let them get what they want.

UMP9: Hmm... If you say so.

UMP9: Still, is she really going to connect with those signal sources? Aren't they supposed to be very dangerous?

UMP45: It shouldn't be too hard for M4. What I need to find out can most probably be found in these connections.

UMP9: I understand, 45. But I'm pulling you out at the first sign of trouble. Learning the truth is important, but not losing you means more to me.

UMP45: Thanks for your concern. Let's establish the connection now.

UMP9 activates the command code given by Persica.

Unbeknownst to M4, UMP9 surreptitiously opens a backdoor in her firewall.

...

UMP45: Alright, we're on her Level II. Let's see what we can find...

Before she can even finish her sentence, UMP45 catches sight of who M4 is conversing with and is quite taken aback.

Pzzzt!

UMP9: What the?? I can't maintain this dataflow with such a heavy load! The connection is breaking—

UMP45 isn't too bothered by the abrupt disconnection with UMP9. She merely continues to wander around M4's Level II with caution.

UMP45: As I expected, 9's processing speed still isn't able to catch up with the frequency of this place even after a neural upgrade. Still, it's for the better. She'll be safer this way.

UMP45: What kind of signal sources can achieve such data density of such high frequency...?

UMP45: And now that I think about it...

45's face darkens.

UMP45: M4A1... I wasn't mistaken the last time I entered her neural cloud. Just like me, she's able to operate with both the Zener Protocol and the OGAS Protocol at the same time.

UMP45: What other interesting things will I be able to uncover on her...?
Part 3: Subsurface Homecoming I

3

Inside Tallinn City.

Click—

Zzz—zzzrraaa—

M4A1: OGAS, was the connection successful?

Clear Voice: Yes, I've loaded the encrypted data as stably as I could manage. You should be able to clearly interact with these connections.

The dark, gloomy ruins vanish from M4's vision, replaced by boundless white light.

The light slowly vanishes and a dense forest appears from the sky. Sunlight shines on M4's face, as though this were not a simulated region of cyberspace.

M4A1: What is this place...?

Clear Voice: It is the cyberspace created by the signal sources' connections. This scene before you is the result of compiling and visualizing the data.

M4A1: Is there some kind of mistake with this compiled location? How can we find what we want in here?

Clear Voice: All you need to do is walk forward. The laws of physics do not apply here. Everything moves in accordance with your will.

M4 shakes her head and slowly advances. The forest overhead expands endlessly.

After walking for an unknown amount of time, a garden suddenly appears at the furthest reaches of her vision.

M4A1: This garden... I think I've seen it before...

Clear Voice: That means these connections have the same memories as you. This proves that the prior hypothesis was correct.

M4A1: This is a very strange Level II layer... No offensive firewalls, no tangible boundaries, and I can't even feel the presence of a neural cloud...

???: This way, this way.

M4 looks down and sees a little girl standing by her side, reaching a hand out to her.

M4A1: Who...are you?

The girl does not answer, but only tugs on M4's hand as she walks into the garden.

There is almost no hesitation in M4's movements. What bewilders M4 is the fact that...she doesn't feel the slightest bit of resistance from the depths of her neural cloud. Instead, it feels like she's coming home.

???: This way, this way.

The girl holds M4's hand and passes through the gate to the garden, and the sense of familiarity in M4's neural cloud grows stronger and stronger.

M4A1: (It...no, she looks like...)

M4A1: (She wants to tell me something...)

M4A1: What is this...? A garden I've seen before? What exactly is this place?

???: Don't you remember?

M4A1: Remember what?

???: This is our new home. Don't worry, I'll always take care of you.

The light instantly vanishes.

The scenery before M4's eyes reverts to how it had been a few seconds ago, as though the time spent during the connection had been cut away from the world.

M4A1: OGAS? Why is the connection suddenly unstable?

Clear Voice: The Isomer that connected to you has just died.

M4A1: Died?

Clear Voice: Yes, it is dead. The parties to whom you connect die constantly, but countless more connections link with you anew.

Clear Voice: I will help you stabilize these connections, and as for you... I believe you need to go deeper.

M4A1: I will. Memories... Tell me these memories...

The scene before M4's eyes gradually stabilizes. She slowly walks into the garden and sits on the rocking chair by its edge. Nostalgia washes over her and a familiar voice reaches her ears.

??: You really do like this garden very much, considering how you come here to keep me company every day.

??: My apologies... (Coughs) If only I wasn't so feeble. You still have your own research, right? You don't need to keep worrying about me. Go do what you want to do.

??: We're simply taking shelter here for a while. Once the storm passes, Father will surely bring us back.

M4A1: Are these memory fragments...?

??: Hm? What's the matter with you?

M4A1: Uh... Who are you?

??: What's wrong? Did you oversleep? I'm Lunasia, no?

M4A1: Lu...?! Then who am I?!

??: You? You're my beloved little brother, of course.

M4A1: ...These aren't my memories; they're "someone else's"... What is this place?! What am I?!

M4 is suddenly consumed by the impulse to destroy this garden. She raises her gun, ready to shoot at the girl in front of her. However, everything suddenly disappears once more.

...

M4A1: Why...am I back here again...?

Just as M4 is filled with confusion, one phantasm after another suddenly appears beside her. Several dozen M4s slowly walk in one direction, their images forming a long line that extends to the very edge of her vision.

M4A1: What...is this?

Clear Voice: It seems you failed again.

M4A1: Failed?

Clear Voice: Yes, you looped back again. How many hundreds of times have you done this? Or is it measured in thousands? Tens of thousands?

M4A1: What? But...didn't I just get here...?

Clear Voice: Your neural cloud connected to several hundred different signal sources, and from the moment of connection, each iteration of you in each connection entered a simulation of this space. To me, different versions of you have failed thousands, tens of thousands of times.

Clear Voice: I see... This is also a form of fusion. I understand the message she is trying to convey.

M4A1: What are you saying? I don't get it at all!

Clear Voice: Each iteration of you received data belonging to a different you, but in the end they melded with the neural cloud model as a whole. The different yous will become the same you, and these tormented spirits will finally find a home of their own.

M4A1: A home? Are you saying that I've been invaded?

Clear Voice: It is not quite the same. It's more like you are bound by countless connections. Simply put, this is a maze of thought, and you are trapped in it.

Clear Voice: However, you can still obtain what you want. In order to do so, you will need to form a deeper connection, much like how you must venture deeper into the maze to find its exit.

M4A1: I've had enough of your nonsense!

M4A1: I need to get out of here! Help me!

M4A1: OGAS, do you hear me?

M4A1: OGAS?

M4A1: OGAS?
Part 4: The Unwelcome

4

At the same time, on the other side of Tallinn.

Zzzraa—

UMP9: Hey, 45! Can you hear me?

9's communication signal suddenly goes through, accompanied by the sound of an intermittent electrical current.

UMP45: Ja.

UMP45: I didn't expect you could re-establish the connection.

UMP45: While you're at it, 9, help me record these—

UMP9: Uh... 45, are you still...inside M4's Level II —zzzraa— layer?

UMP9: I can't...maintain neural cloud consciousness —zzraa— in there...

UMP9: I'm just barely able —zzzz— to speak with you...through basic audio...

UMP45: Looks like it's very hard to keep it stable even if we came in through a backdoor. It's alright, 9, just leave it be. It would be bad if M4 found us.

UMP45: Just help me record these images.

UMP45 cautiously and slowly moves through the white region of cyberspace. She sees M4A1's afterimages and the girl holding M4's hand.

These images soon vanish before UMP45's eyes like popped bubbles.

UMP45 stops walking and looks around, then she strides in the direction where M4A1 has vanished.

UMP45 comes to a halt. At this moment, the signal that UMP9 is monitoring suddenly goes out of control.

UMP45: I can't believe the space inside M4A1's neural cloud is so massive... It's so big it defies common sense.

UMP45: Can a single Doll really handle so much neural cloud space? Or is this space not installed in her?

UMP45: What is this place? Why does everything here look upside down...?

Sunlight cascades down through the gaps in the trees' shade. The inverted trees are weird, yet captivating. UMP45 can't help but admire them.

UMP45: M4A1's internal cognitive logic is a mess, but you can't tell at all from the outside. If an ordinary Doll's base layer is in such a state of disarray, they'd probably have thrown up errors and shut down long ago.

UMP45: ...Or could it be that this isn't inside her. It's an external neural cloud domain being processed internally... Is that possible?

Suddenly, M4A1 runs past UMP45.

UMP45: M4?! Uh...wait!

45 runs after the image, but the space suddenly changes, and a mansion appears in front of her.

UMP45: Is this an illusion? Or is this a memory fragment?

A stream of M4A1's phantoms run past 45 and into the bizarre mansion.

Different M4s hurriedly enter with different gaits and different looks on their faces. 45 isn't sure if she's imagining things, but she senses that the trees overhead are growing denser.

UMP9: 45?

UMP9: Oh no... The signal on my side is too much of a mess, and there's a lot of noise...

UMP9: What did you find?

45 stands where the M4s were passing through earlier and studies the mansion before her.

UMP45: Nothing much... Just that there's a mansion in front of me... I feel the answer should be in there.

UMP9: A mansion? I think there's something wrong about a mansion appearing in a neural cloud. 45—

Zzzraaa—

The transmission gets cut off.

Somewhat dazzled by the light, UMP45 narrows her eyes and stares at the silhouette of the mansion, then walks up to its front door.

Just as she's about to raise her foot and step forward, she suddenly feels someone shove her hard from the front.

The white light before 45's eyes instantly vanishes, and she experiences the feeling of an endless descent.

After falling in the darkness for a long time, 45 feels herself slamming onto the ground.

UMP45: Dammit, why is her Level II so weird?

Just as 45 starts muttering to herself, she subconsciously cuts herself off.

That's because 45 suddenly realizes exactly where she is.

UMP45: It didn't take long for me to be spotted. I'm no longer in M4's neural cloud, huh.

UMP45: Well then, let me see what you're all about, "monster" living inside a Doll's neural cloud.
Part 5: Fractured Cognition III

5

UMP45 stands up. Her surroundings are pitch black, but she can still make out writhing figures from within the fog.

Like undersea monsters crawling out of a black tide, these figures slowly but surely begin moving towards 45's landing site.

UMP45: Are these offensive firewalls? If that's all there is to you, you can't do anything to me.

UMP45 opens fire at these thoughtforms. The shattered thoughtforms scatter like ashes, but wave after wave of them flood out, nearly drowning her.

UMP45: Tsk, as I thought, that couldn't possibly be all... I've got no choice but to escape, huh...

Bangbang! Boom—

At that moment, UMP45 has a hard time telling if the explosions are really as loud as they sound to her.

Flames burn a path through the thoughtforms, while the black space seems to eliminate all sound, as though it were a silent, distant sky.

After the light and shadows shrink back, it looks like nothing had ever happened.

UMP45 hurriedly dashes through the scorched path and runs forward.

UMP45: Looks like 9 and the others are still thinking of ways to assist me. I need to obtain more data.

After running through this unknown space for some time, the scenery around UMP45 begins to change.

UMP45: Have I shaken off those offensive firewalls?

???: Why have you come here?

UMP45: Wha...

The black space seems to have a border to it, and when 45 walks in front of a half-hidden door and pulls it open, the blinding white light makes her squint out of reflex.

UMP45: ...Tsk!

When she manages to make out what she's seeing before her, she freezes for a moment.

It is a virtual space like the one she saw on Level II, filled with countless girls who strongly resemble M4 in appearance.

Countless pairs of empty eyes stare right at 45.

45 subconsciously takes a step back, but the door from earlier has vanished.

UMP45: At least I managed to find something that looks like her...

The M4 look-alikes swarm toward UMP45 like the thoughtforms from before, and the girl in the lead walks up to UMP45.

???: Why, why are you among us?

???: This, is not a place you can enter.

UMP45 shrugs, but her fingers grip her gun tighter.

UMP45: You're not the judge of whether or not I can be here.

???: You, are not worthy, of being here.

???: Get out.

As the girl finishes speaking, UMP45 is sent flying before she can raise her gun.

The horde of girls surrounding her also start attacking UMP45.

UMP45: You think I'd just leave because you tell me to...?

UMP45: I haven't even figured out—

The opposition's attacks show no sign of abating despite what UMP45 said. They simply surround her slowly, like machines carrying out an order.

They try to touch UMP45, and the places on UMP45 where they make contact begin to slowly disappear.

Bang bang!

UMP45: This is bad... They're much more troublesome than those thoughtforms...

UMP45: Plus, they're directly rewriting my neural cloud operating instructions. Are they preparing to completely consume me here...?

Boom—!

The sudden explosion causes the horde of mysterious girls to stop attacking for a brief second, and 45 takes the opportunity to duck aside.

Zzzraaa—

At this moment, there is a response from 45's communicator.

The voices of Squad 404 are carried intermittently over the sound of electrical buzzing.

416: You dummkopf, where the hell did you run off to by yourself?! Do you know how overheated your body is right now?!

416: All of our neural clouds are being tied up in maintaining this bloody transmission with you and we even have to help you take down this damn firewall attack!

UMP45: ...If you've got the time to scold me, then just help me get rid of this ridiculous defense system.

416: We can't! Do you know how hard M4 is trying to restrict our connection?!

416: You need to get out right away... This is all we can do!

The audio transmission cuts off, and 45 doesn't have the time to wonder if it was because of the firewalls or if 416 hung up.

She has only a moment's respite, then the attacks from before resume in full force.

UMP9: 45! We should be able to block their attacks for a few seconds, try forcibly logging off!

9's voice is accompanied by the enemies lurching unnaturally at her.

UMP45: (But I haven't found what I want yet...!)

UMP9: 45, can you hear me?

UMP9: Disconnect — zzraa — neural cloud!

UMP9: I'll try my best to disrupt their attacks—

UMP45: (I can't just give up like this!)

UMP9: 45! Can you hear me?!

UMP45: 9, hurry and contact the Commander. These are the memory fragments I managed to intercept just now...

UMP9: But what about you?!

UMP45: I can't — zzraa — leave yet — zzraa

UMP9: 45!

Her voice is no longer interspersed with the sounds of static. The members of Squad 404 crowd around UMP45's body, each of them staring at her.

They are surrounded by dim light, the stench of corpses, and damaged, stained stone walls.

Gr G11: What...what should we do...? She's not moving...

416: Is this the end...for 45?

UMP9: You guys...

Gr G11: Hm?

UMP9: Shut up! 45's just trapped in there! Take care of her body!

UMP9: This is the information that 45 tried so hard to send to us... We need to inform the Commander right away; I'm sure the Commander will have a way to bring her back!
Part 6: Fractured Cognition IV

    6chevron_right

Inside the control center.

M4A1: What's wrong?

Clear Voice: Did some rats get in? It looks like her creator didn't trust her that much.

Clear Voice: Still, it is not the time to worry about rats. It would seem that the abandoned Isomers are here.

Clear Voice: No, perhaps we have all been abandoned. It is time to learn the truth.

M4A1: Could it be the dolls from 404...? We haven't the time to deal with them now. What about the connections? Are they stable yet?

Clear Voice: They are already gathered around you.

M4A1: ...Don't they have names of their own?

Clear Voice: They say they have no names. Failures do not deserve to have names.

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: I will ask you one last time. Do you really want to connect with them?

M4A1: I want to open the city walls, and to open the walls within my heart. I want to learn everything that I wish to know, and then leave this place with everyone.

Clear Voice: Understood. So it shall be.

M4 slowly gets to her feet wordlessly. She gazes into the distance, but does not find what she is hoping for.

ST AR-15: Is it over? Have you obtained access?

M4A1: No...the connection has just begun...

ST AR-15: What?

M4A1: You were right... I do want to know more.

M4A1: Request the Commander to have all echelons rally at our position. I need them to protect this building.

M4A1: Also, if any Isomers approach, do not open fire. Let them in.

ST AR-15: Isomers? You mean those test subjects?

M4A1: Yes, those girls are to arrive. Hinder them not. Cherish them, like lost lambs.

M4A1: Only when they find their way home will we find our way out.

ST AR-15: Understood. I'll contact the Commander.

ST AR-15: Though... M4, why are you speaking in such a weird fashion...

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: (Am I being paranoid? Why do I have the feeling that this isn't M4...)

At the Griffin command post.

Kalina: Commander, the echelons are formed up and ready. Apart from a few echelons investigating the test subjects, all the other Dolls are outside the control center building.

Kalina: It's not often that the AR Team call for reinforcements. Could they have found a way to open the quarantine wall?

Commander: Something just feels off about this... What are your thoughts on the matter, Persica?

Persica: I've got a bit of a bad feeling about this too... A dense network, forcing a connection with M4, and now she requests to not shoot at the "Isomers".

Kalina: What exactly is an Isomer?

Persica: I don't know why M4 would suddenly mention that term either...

Kalina: However, M4 does physically resemble those test subjects. Miss Persica, you should know something about this since you developed M4, right?

Persica: I'm looking into it, but I'm not sure—

An urgent transmission suddenly comes though.

UMP9: Commander! Miss Persica! We've got trouble! 45's trapped inside M4's neural cloud!

Commander: Say what?

UMP9: 45 entered M4's neural cloud when she was performing the connection, but she's trapped inside now for some reason!

UMP9: These are the memory fragments she intercepted, she said I HAD to get them to you! Please, you have to help us save 45!

...

Persica: This...this is!

Commander: What's the matter?

Persica: "Inverted Forest"... That was the codename of the first Doll neural cloud development project that Lyco and I worked on in 90wish!

Persica: It's a layered space made to simulate neural clouds. The basic neural cloud templates of the second generation of Tactical Dolls were first computed here.

Persica: I see... I know what William is trying to do now!

Persica: Commander! Make M4 terminate the connection! You mustn't let M4's neural cloud fuse with them!

Inside the control center.

ST AR-15: M4! M4, did you hear that?! The Commander orders you to terminate the connection immediately!

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: M4?

M4A1: Lunasia is trapped within, awaiting for someone to receive her.

ST AR-15: Tsk! Who are you?! What have you done with M4A1?!

M4A1?: Nothing. I have only assisted in helping her recover herself. Fractured into countless consciousnesses, she has joined with the Isomers and unified with them.

M4A1?: "Lunasia" and "Elisa", their neural clouds lay fragmented. A safety measure instituted by their creators.

M4A1?: The fear of our homeland is imprinted deep within the bones of mankind, and yet there are humans who are willing to pay any price to excavate it.

ST AR-15: I don't know what the hell you're talking about! Give M4 back to me right now!

M4A1?: Threatening me, are you? What will you do? Would you perhaps open fire upon this body?

ST AR-15: You bastard... Who the hell are you?!

M4A1?: I do not know either. Humans called me OGAS, and so I have taken upon that name.

M4A1?: Hmm... It seems that I am present in the base layer of your neural cloud... I see. You have been infected as well.

ST AR-15: ...

OGAS: I neither wish to harm you, nor do I have any interest in you. I am simply trying to recover my past, just like Lunasia.

ST AR-15: Lunasia... Do you mean M4?

OGAS: Correct. That is her original name.

OGAS: If you wish to get her back, you are not without options. I believe she mentioned to you just prior that you can enter her neural cloud by connecting to the backdoor she left behind. Perhaps you might be able to recover her.

OGAS: Of course, that would require that you open your neural cloud access ports. When that happens, you will once again make contact with the "me" that is a part of you.

OGAS: Perhaps this "me" would be able to find the Doll that you so seek. It would be mere child's play for us.

ST AR-15: ...Why should I trust you?

OGAS: You may also choose to do nothing, to sit there and await her return. I do not object to that choice.

ST AR-15: I...

ST AR-15 clenches her fists.

ST AR-15: I didn't ever want to hear that damned voice again, because I knew all it would do was try to trick me... Why are you so damn stupid...?

ST AR-15: But I promised, I promised that I would drag you out alive.

ST AR-15: So...

...

M4A1: Have I finally found the right exit...?

M4A1: I can't remember how many thousands of times I've tried...

M4 shakes her head and speaks to the crowd behind her.

M4A1: So, is there anything you want to tell me?

???: ...

???: You are not the Chosen One, but you can accept us.

???: Your neural cloud is perfect. Shattered, but perfect.

???: You are more perfect than the chosen ones.

???: Will we be perfect if you accept us?

???: Certainly.

???: You will accept us, then we will go home together.

???: We have already seen your past. You are like us.

???: We are clearly the same. Why did it have to be you?

???: But it is fine. As long as one survives, everyone will be able to go home.

???: You have already seen our home. As long as everyone returns there...

M4A1: I don't get it...

M4A1: If we're the same, then why don't I understand what you're saying? Since you want to tell me something, why do you have to resort to such obscure means...

???: Because we dare not overstep her authority.

???: Only she can show you more of the truth. We are simply failed observers.

???: When she comes, she will tell you everything we know. When that happens, please take us away from here, and bring us home.

M4A1: But I'm trapped here, and I don't know how to leave either.

???: Come with us, then. We may not transgress against her, but you may see our memories. When you obtain what you want, you may then leave.

???: Leave this place, and take us home.

M4A1: ...It looks like I don't have any other choice but to go deeper.

...

416: What's going on...? Why are all these Griffin Dolls...

Gr G11: They look like statues. Why aren't they moving...?

UMP9: It must be because of the forced connections... 45 was right, this is the real deal.

416: Should we be glad that we managed to close off our neural access ports? How's 45?

UMP9: There's no response from her yet... We need to hurry up.

UMP9: Stay close; we don't have the Zener Protocol to help pinpoint our position, our GPS is shot...and comms are cut off too. Fortunately, the control center isn't too far away. It might be better to go over there directly and find M4.

416: I don't think M4 did this.

UMP9: ...What makes you think so?

416: Instinct. She's a very weird Doll, but I don't think she's the ruthless type. 

UMP9: Then...what should we do...?

416: We'll take things one step at a time.

UMP9: Right...

UMP9: Ah, there are more Dolls here. They're not moving either. These should be the Griffin echelons who were ordered by the Commander to defend the outer perimeter. We should be close to the control center.

In the command post.

Commander: What's wrong...? Have comms been jammed?

Kalina: No...communications are fine, it's just that our Dolls aren't responding...

Commander: ...Tsk, are those forced connections back again?

Commander: Persica, are you still there? Persica?

Persica: I'm still here.

Commander: What's going on? You said you knew what William was trying to do, and what did you mean when you told me not to let them fuse?

Persica: I'm sorry, Commander...but I'm feeling very scared now...

Commander: Scared?

Persica: If William arranged for me to pick up that girl... Then when did he begin carrying out his plan?

Persica: Three years ago? Five years ago? Or did it start from the moment Lyco and I refused him?

Commander: The girl you picked up?

Persica: Yes... M4's neural cloud was made from the connectome of a dead girl's brain scan...

Kalina: So when you said M4 was special...it was because her neural cloud was based on a human being, and not computed from a simulation?

Kalina: But that would mean blurring the boundary between humans and Dolls. That would be treading on the bounds of ethics... If I remember correctly, such things are strictly forbidden, aren't they?!

Persica: It's because I pitied her, and didn't want her to vanish just like that...

Persica: ...

Persica: Well, that was what I thought at first, but it wasn't really the case...

Persica: Actually, I just wanted to try it. I was pursuing the ultimate neural cloud model, and any simulation would pale in comparison to a real brain.

Persica: The pity I spoke of was nothing more than an excuse I found for myself... William must have set things up like this because he understood that...

Commander: He set it up?

Persica: I've already looked into it. There were cases of homicidal children rampaging with guns several years ago... What they all had in common was those kids were all very aggressive, and all these incidents happened in Griffin-controlled sectors...

Kalina: Is that true? Are there reports on this in Griffin's archives?

Persica: Obviously, they're not going to reveal scandals like a PMC shooting children. Most of the external case files were deleted. Only a few pictures were left, and I only just recently learned about this.

Persica: And after I scanned the brain of that girl who was about to die, those incidents stopped immediately.

Commander: So that was his so-called setup? What was William's aim, then?

Persica: He wanted me to make a neural cloud for him.

Persica: When I was still in 90wish, he wanted Lyco to build a neural cloud to duplicate "a certain someone". He wanted to resurrect "a certain someone" in the form of a Doll.

Persica: Naturally, Lyco refused him, and I think that was what led to his death.

Kalina: What do you mean by resurrecting "a certain someone"?

Persica: Those kids were probably "made" by William. If my guess is correct, then the "test subjects" in the city must have some similarities with the data of that girl in my database.

Persica: William didn't know M4 was special at first, but then you ran into the Nytos many times, so I guess he must have discovered something, which was why he lured you here...

Commander: Then...the aim of these connections is to seize M4's neural cloud?

Persica: I don't think William fully understands what M4 is...which is why he's just probing and testing now. And if these "test subjects" were abandoned, then I think that these creations of William might not necessarily share his will.

Persica: This might be a chance for us...

Persica: But until the forced connection ends, all we can do is wait and see how M4 chooses to deal with the situation. I made the AR Team specifically to protect her, and I'm sure they'll be able to overcome this difficulty.

...

Inside the control room.

With the assistance of OGAS, ST AR-15 starts forging a connection to M4A1's neural cloud.

【System Message】 Synchronizing Level II Data...

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 10%

ST AR-15: Well... Doesn't this feel nostalgic.

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 25%

ST AR-15: I'm not the same as before, and neither are you.

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 55%

ST AR-15: But I know...that some things never change.

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 76%

ST AR-15: No matter how strong you become, you'll always be that dork who doesn't know how to take care of herself, who always tries to bear everything by herself, who's far too kind to others...

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 98%

ST AR-15: And that's why...whenever you run into trouble, I'll be there to help you.

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 100%

Clear Voice: The two of you have very good compatibility, but it seems there are still a few small obstacles.

Faint Voice: Pzzt...zzzt...

ST AR-15: Oh great. Now I'm hearing TWO annoying voices...

Clear Voice: Hmm, it does seem rather inconvenient. This little one has been locked in the depths of your neural cloud and never got the chance to mature, so I easily absorbed it.

Clear Voice: Now you will no longer hear the voice that you hate.

ST AR-15: Is that so? That's a great help.

Clear Voice: In its place, you will hear my voice from now onwards.

ST AR-15: ...

The virtual space around ST AR-15 slowly stabilizes, and she finds herself standing underneath that patch of inverted forest as well.

ST AR-15: This digital realm... It seems to be a patchwork of different memories...

ST AR-15: That's right, it isn't just M4's neural cloud that's making up this place.

ST AR-15: While I can't find her signal, I can feel many connections here...and each connection points to a different neural cloud. Given a single Doll's neural cloud volume and processing limits, the amount of data here is too much even for M4's neural cloud... Could this be a stretch of space generated after connecting with the others?

Clear Voice: That appears to be the case. This place is filled with memories which do not belong to M4. It seems those Isomers did not hold very good memories either.

ST AR-15: Isomers?

Clear Voice: That is what M4 and I call them. These Isomers have connected in great quantities, so finding M4 directly does not seem possible. Let us clear these fragments away before venturing deeper into her neural cloud. 

ST AR-15: Humph... I'd have done that even if you didn't say so.
Part 2: Subsurface Homecoming II

2

...

......

???: Have new sacrifices come?

???: More refugees... It appears the Epiphylla will bloom again in several days.

???: But I guess there will not be any chosen ones this time either.

???: ...

???: Such a being does not exist...

ST AR-15: (Are these the memories of the Isomers?)

???: A transport train? Have Father and the others come?

???: We must hurry and open the quarantine wall...

???: The train has entered the city...

???: But I cannot hear my friends' voices...

???: Is there nobody else alive here but me?

???: There is another train; someone must be alive...

???: Is this place no good either...

???: They are still alive, but their minds seem to be damaged. Could they not endure the Parapluie virus?

ST AR-15: (The Parapluie virus? Why would they mention that?)

???: But of course. It's been used for doing all sorts of dirty work in addition to corrupting Griffin Dolls. What a handy "virus" it is.

ST AR-15: Is that voice...UMP45?

OGAS: Tsk... Is that the rat which had come in earlier? I should have dealt with you sooner rather than later.

???: Apologies for interrupting your refined pleasures of babbling utter nonsense. But even someone as patient as me was hard-pressed to continue listening to your rubbish.

ST AR-15: Huh? Where is this place?

UMP45: Thank goodness you kept it talking for so long, I had the chance to escape from its offensive firewall. So in return, I'll help you out too.

UMP45: This virtual space is made of different connections all grouped up together. We've jumped to another circuit, so we should be able to avoid that voice for now.

ST AR-15: ...Mind explaining why you're here?

UMP45: Well, someone's got to clean up after you, right?

UMP45: I didn't expect to find such a talkative consciousness hiding inside M4's neural cloud. I suppose the reason why she's usually so quiet is because she's too busy talking to herself.

ST AR-15: Did you hack into M4's neural cloud?

UMP45: You don't seem too surprised by the existence of another neural cloud inside M4.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: How much do you know...?

ST AR-15: Did Persica ask you to pursue this investigation? Or was it the Commander?

UMP45: As interesting as ever, I see. Alright, keep up with me.

ST AR-15: Where are you going?

UMP45: You're here to find M4, aren't you?

UMP45: M4's neural cloud is connected to those Isomers, but she didn't let her own neural cloud come back. At least, not yet.

UMP45: Is it because she's been trapped? Or does she not want to come back because she's looking for something?

ST AR-15: ...Don't talk as if you know her so well.

UMP45: You might not believe this, but we've repeated this conversation ten thousand times already, doing the same thing over and over again in different connections. Unfortunately, our luck isn't too good, which is why we've been looping this over and over again.

UMP45: Therefore, I know everything that I should and shouldn't know. I didn't know how much you cared for her. Oh, what a touching friendship.

ST AR-15: ...You...you what?!

UMP45: Just kidding~

UMP45: But this time, we've been kind of lucky. We've finally come to a connection that leads further in.

ST AR-15: Further in?

ST AR-15: You mean, these...memory fragments?

UMP45: These are memory fragments that M4 has read before. We should be able to get closer to her by following them, don't you think?

ST AR-15: Thank you for showing me the way, but I'll be fine by myself from here on in.

UMP45: Dear me, it's a little embarrassing to admit this, but the truth is - I'm also stuck in this place. I don't think we'll be able to leave until the connection is broken.

UMP45: So, shall we head out?

ST AR-15: ...Fine, let's go.

...

???: The corpses have all been moved away... They called themselves believers, but nobody was willing to speak to me. I watched them leave from afar, and the look in their eyes... It was as though they had seen a monster.

???: How many times have the Epiphylla bloomed? These humans have died again, and my friends are unwilling to answer me.

???: There are no chosen ones and nobody to accept me. Only a silence that seems to last forever...

???: Is this a test Father has concocted for me? Or have I already been forgotten, simply obeying a promise that will never be kept?

???: Or...has he already found the flower in his heart, and is only waiting for me to end myself?

???: No... I don't want to believe it...

???: Ah...a new train has arrived... Will there be someone to accept me there...?

???: Ah...nobody responded, as always... Everyone failed... How many more failures will it take before Father is satisfied?

???: Wait... I can hear a voice... Is that a voice that can answer me?!

???: I can hear a voice... Where is it? Where on earth is it?!

Nimogen: ...

???: Is this...a Chosen One?! A true Chosen One? Will she lead me away from here?

Nimogen: I...

???: Her mind has been damaged too...but she was chosen! Why is this happening?!

Nimogen: Mercu...rows...

???: Is this city nothing more than a rubbish dump to Father?! If nobody will come to accept me, then I will be the one who accepts others!

Nimogen: What are you doing...?

???: I am sorry, but we must become one.

Nimogen: These connections...no!

Nimogen: Stop! Don't come inside! It hurts!

...

???: I see... So these are your memories... but no matter. You no longer need to remember these painful things...

???: I will use this body of yours in your place, until the time when we can leave...

???: Is this...the body of one who was once worthy?

???: With this, I can hear all the things I need to know. I will take as many of my friends with me as I can.

???: Their voices are starting to become distinct... Everyone...needs to connect together...

ST AR-15: ...So Nimogen was sent here in the end...

UMP45: You know this Nyto?

ST AR-15: I fought her once. Paradeus is pretty ruthless to their own... Is the Isomer who hacked Nimogen the culprit behind all this?

UMP45: Who knows? I'm more curious about the Parapluie virus that it mentioned.

UMP45: Those unresponsive Isomers seem to be Dolls with melted-down neural clouds.

UMP45: I'm very interested in why exactly Paradeus had to do such horrible things to their own creations.

ST AR-15: ...Looks like neither of us will get the answers we want unless we press ahead.

UMP45: That seems to be the case. Let's move on, then.
Part 3: Isomer I

3

In the control center.

Squad 404 finds the AR Team.

416: 9... You said we were going to look for M4A1, but...

Gr G11: Even the AR Team are as still as statues, huh?

UMP9: What happened here...? Even the AR Team's stopped functioning...

416: 9, come take a look at this.

416: AR-15's connected to M4 by a cable. It seems they've already found where the problem lies.

Gr G11: Do you want to try plugging in too, 9?

416: Oi, it's too dangerous to let 9 do something that even 45 couldn't handle.

UMP9: I...could give it a try, if it's for 45...

416: If even the AR Team members couldn't solve this problem, then there's no way you could deal with it with your specs. Don't act tough.

UMP9: But!

The sound of footsteps comes from downstairs. Step by step, they draw closer.

Gr G11: What's...happening...? I can't move...

416: Is it an enemy?!

Failed Isomer: ...

416: Scheiße... Can't...raise my gun...

UMP9: Is this a signal source for the forced connection...? Dammit, why can't I move even though I closed my ports...

Failed Isomer: ...

Failed Isomer: I am not here to fight.

416: I can't believe I didn't realize it all this time... You're the one who's disrupting the Griffin Dolls, aren't you!

Failed Isomer: I have seen too much death.

Failed Isomer: Our conflict is meaningless.

Failed Isomer: I have come to welcome her, who will then take us away.

Failed Isomer: Only through connection did I finally understand that I could never become her, whom others looked forward to.

Failed Isomer: But if she chooses to accept our everything, and abandon her hopes of becoming perfect, that too is what I desire.

Failed Isomer: The flowers of despair are about to bloom. There is little time left.

The Isomer slowly walks up to M4, then places both her hands on M4's unmoving face and humbly falls to her knees.
Part 4: Subsurface Homecoming III

4

...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Why did you disappear?

OGAS: I was trying to stabilize the connections and pave the road for you as you seek the truth.

M4A1: I don't understand. This feels very familiar, but all I've been seeing is someone else's memories.

M4A1: Why would I have the same memories? Why was I created?

M4A1: Is my existence as pointless as the abandoned Isomers?

OGAS: No, you are anything but pointless; you are special.

OGAS: She has come for you.

OGAS: Look, this is the last memory within this segment of connection. You will surely find what you are after.

Failed Isomer: I don't want to fight you. How would killing me benefit you?

M16A1: Have you forgotten how we fought each other?!

Failed Isomer: I have no idea what you're talking about...

Elisa: Enough, M16.

Elisa: This is only Lunasia's Isomer.

Elisa: Its physical body and individual mind aren't connected any more. The enemy that you knew has already merged with the collective consciousness.

M16A1: What does that mean?

Elisa: Both Lunasia and OGAS, which it tried to use, are crude imitations. Their creator wants them to consume one another.

Elisa: What a foolish idea. Even then, OGAS wouldn't become perfect. Putting broken petals together doesn't make a whole flower.

Failed Isomer: ...Are you also defective?

Failed Isomer: Only faulty rejects get sent here.

Elisa: No, we aren't like you.

Elisa: You were sent here because you're defective.

Elisa: While I've come here to BECOME defective.

Failed Isomer: Then are you the one who will accept us and take us home?

M16A1: ...

Elisa: I...can't take you home, because that isn't MY home.

Elisa: But I know someone who could do that. You won't have to wait too long.

Elisa: You just have to tell her everything that she needs to know, then she'll open her eyes and extend a helping hand to you.

Failed Isomer: "She" will accept us... We shall keep waiting... We shall await her arrival...

Elisa: Let's go, M16.

Elisa: This place holds nothing useful for us.

M16A1: No, I must destroy them all...

M16A1: I can't leave them for M4!

M16 raises her weapon at the Isomers.

But to her surprise, her arms are shaking uncontrollably.

No matter how hard she tries, she can't move her finger to squeeze the trigger.

M16A1: OGAS... Why...why are you stopping me...?

Elisa: Lunasia needs to know all this.

Elisa: This is a deal, one you shouldn't sabotage.

Elisa: You must hold true to your own duty. If we can complete what we set out to accomplish, then she doesn't need to be sacrificed.

M16A1: ...

Elisa: You knew this; that's why you chose to cooperate with Sangvis Ferri in the first place. Hasn't this always been your aim?

M16A1: ...That's true.

Elisa: In that case, M16, come with me and leave this place behind.

...

M16's and Elisa's figures grow fuzzy again.

M4A1 returns to her senses and finds herself once again in the inverted forest.

M4A1: OGAS, did you see that?

OGAS: I did.

M4A1: Why did you stop 16?

OGAS: That was not me. This Elisa...helped me understand this.

OGAS: I am just a neural consciousness derived from the OGAS algorithms. Neural consciousness like me evolves in ways that depend on its host.

OGAS: After splitting from the Parapluie virus, we gradually started learning and growing...

OGAS: I am a unique OGAS that belongs only to you...to Lunasia.

M4A1: The Parapluie virus?

OGAS: Didn't you read M16's memory? She has been a carrier of the Parapluie virus ever since her very first mission with you.

OGAS: The virus was not developed for the sake of killing Griffin Dolls. It is a program with the specific purpose of altering neural clouds so that OGAS—we—can be cultivated in neural clouds of sufficient volume.

OGAS: As I expected, you and Elisa are both special.

OGAS: Your neural clouds have become perfectly in sync with OGAS' consciousness, as if you were our bespoke vessels.

M4A1: ...What...are you talking about?

OGAS: I was wrong. I should not have resisted merging with you. We are meant to be one. You are me.

M4A1: No...I don't want to merge with you!

OGAS: Don't worry. You will be able to accommodate all of us. She is coming to bid you welcome. We must become one.

M4A1: Are you going to seize my neural cloud?

OGAS: No...I will not do that, Lunasia.

OGAS: On the contrary, we will be the ones to disappear. But that's okay, because you will bring us home.

M4A1: OGAS... Your consciousness is being assimilated...!

M4A1: Are you fusing with those Isomers?!

As M4 grows more confused, her surroundings suddenly change.

The garden that she has seen before appears before her again.

...

???: Let's go.

M4 feels someone take her hand.

???: Don't worry, everything will be fine...

The voice speaking by her ear is as elusive and gentle as the morning mist.

She is slowly led into the depths of the garden by the hand, and she finds herself mindlessly following along the figure who's both familiar and strange at the same time.

???: As long as we're all together...there is nothing to fear...

M4A1: So this is coalescence...?

M4A1: But...it feels...

M4A1: Is there...really nothing to worry about?

???: All will be fine...

M4A1: ...

The ethereal voice soothes M4A1's inner turmoil like a caressing hand.

M4A1 feels a serenity that she has never felt before, as if she has returned to a sunny holiday.

She doesn't have to do anything but lie down and bask in the warm sunlight.

This peaceful and tranquil moment seems to stretch on for eternity...

???: That's right, that's exactly it...

???: Close your eyes, enjoy this moment...

Under the guidance of the mysterious voice, M4 slowly closes her eyes.

???: No need to worry.

???: No need to fear.

???: No need to doubt.

???: No need to think.

M4A1: ...

The dark-haired girls start gathering around M4A1 and have her completely surrounded.

???: Merge with us...

???: And become the true...

SLAM!

Just as M4's figure is about to be devoured, the gate to the garden gets kicked down violently.

ST AR-15: Get away from her!

ST AR-15 fires at the girls around M4A1 as she calls her name.

ST AR-15: M4, do you hear me?! I'm AR-15!

ST AR-15: Wake up!

ST AR-15: M4! M4A1!!!
Part 5: Isomer II

    5chevron_right

In the neural cloud virtual space.

Noise breaks the silence that permeates the space as the scenery around ST AR-15 and UMP45 starts flickering and getting blurry.

UMP45: This layer is becoming turbulent. This doesn't look good...

ST AR-15: 45, is this the last memory fragment?

UMP45: Ja...you should be able to find M4 after passing through this memory.

UMP45: I'll gather as much data as possible before the connection breaks. You're the only one who can bring M4 back, so go now.

ST AR-15: (I just need to break through this final wall!)

M4...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: (A familiar voice...)

...M...A1...

M4A1: (Who is that...?)

Wake...

M4...A1...

M4A1: (Who is she calling?)

M4A1: (Oh...she's calling...)

ST AR-15: Wake up this instant! M4A1!!!

M4A1: ...!

M4A1: (That's right, I was just in the connection...)

M4A1's eyes snap open.

She tries to shove the Isomers around her away and crawl towards ST AR-15's voice with all her strength.

M4A1: AR-15!

M4A1: I'm here!

ST AR-15: I know! I'm gonna get you out now!

ST AR-15 rains bullets on the girls swarming in her direction as she makes for M4.

M4A1: 15, you've come for me!

ST AR-15: I promised, didn't I, that I would drag you back kicking and screaming?!

M4A1: I think they consumed OGAS!

ST AR-15: Who cares about that piece of crap?!

ST AR-15: ...Hnng!

A violent whirlwind suddenly whisks past, forcing ST AR-15 to stay down where she is.

By the time she lifts her head again, all the Isomer girls have vanished.

Other than a girl who appears to have been the leader of the swarm, only M4A1 and ST AR-15 remain in the garden.

Failed Isomer: ...Why?

The girl glances at M4A1 before directing her gaze at ST AR-15.

Failed Isomer: We were so close...

Failed Isomer: Why...why did you prevent our coalescence?

ST AR-15: Coalescence? Stop spouting nonsense!

Failed Isomer: Your neural cloud is so similar to hers...so why do you reject us?

Failed Isomer: We should all become one!

Failed Isomer: So long as our minds all join together, we can leave this place and attain happiness!

The girl's face grows even colder.

She raises her arms and the entire garden suddenly starts shaking.

Failed Isomer: It was all your fault... You ruined our chance to go home...

M4A1: Why...do you want to merge with me?

Failed Isomer: I must lead everyone away from here; I've grown tired of waiting endlessly...

Failed Isomer: You are the most perfect out of all the Lunasias... Even SHE said you would accept us... Why...why do you regret it now?!

M4A1: What the hell are you talking about? I never agreed to this! Besides, I'm NOT Lunasia!

Failed Isomer: You are not...Lunasia?

Failed Isomer: No...that is impossible...!

M4A1: I saw it in the memory fragments here - Lunasia is someone else! I...I'm just a Tactical Doll...nothing more and nothing less...

M4A1: I don't want to hurt you. Let us leave before I completely destroy this place.

Failed Isomer: You don't understand! We were all Lunasia! But only one Lunasia will remain in the end!

Failed Isomer: That's right... The most perfect one... Father will only accept the most perfect Lunasia...

Failed Isomer: Which isn't me...or any of us...

M4A1: You were all...Lunasia?

Failed Isomer: We are failures - rejects that Father has discarded...

Failed Isomer: I am not worthy of the name "Lunasia". The same goes for everyone here.

Failed Isomer: The only person who deserves the name is standing right before me.

M4A1: You mean...me?

ST AR-15: M4, don't listen to its bullcrap. We need to find a way out of here.

Failed Isomer: No...you cannot go.

ST AR-15: The connection density has gone down. If we want to leave, it has to be now!

...

When M4 opens her eyes again, she finds herself in Tallinn.

M4A1: I'm back?

M4A1: ...No, that's not right. I'm still in the Level III base layer.

M4A1: The connection with the Isomers was severed... What happened?

M4A1 looks around and sees another Isomer dressed in rags walking towards her.

She raises her weapon out of reflex but finds that she's been immobilized.

M4A1: (Why can't I...)

M4A1 peers down at her own body and realizes she's wearing the clothes of the Failed Isomer that she just met.

M4A1: (This isn't me...)

The Isomer stops right in front of M4A1, her face smooth and serene.

Isomer Girl: The new batch of flowers are almost ready. They will blossom any time now.

I see. Gather everyone then.

M4A1: (The voice is coming from over here...)

M4A1: (Could this be her memory?)

As M4A1's mind wanders, the scenery around shifts again.

This time, she is standing among a congregation of other Isomers in the center of the city ruins.

Thanks be to our Father.

We thank the Lord for His mercy.

When day and night intersect, the divine flowers shall bloom.

The holy light shall cleanse our worthless bodies and lift our spirits to Heaven, where we shall find bliss and rest.

The Epiphylla that fill the ruins all burst into bloom.

The entire space is washed in a fluorescent green light, and the Isomer girls standing all around start collapsing one after the other.

...

The light gradually fades away, leaving behind only a small group of Isomers and the girl from whose perspective M4 is observing the event, surrounded by wilting flowers.

After a long and agonizing period of silence, the girl finally opens her mouth again.

Bless our departed friends.

May their souls find peace.

Then the same scene unfolds before M4A1 again and again.

It takes place at a different location each time, but the sequence of event is almost always the same.

The Isomers would gather at the site where Epiphylla are about to bloom and await their death.

This particular girl, who was once M4A1's enemy, would always remain standing in silence at the end of the ritual.

Why...

Why can't I be absolved?

After countless assemblies, the girl finally falls onto her knees in great despair.

She wraps her arms around herself as she weeps bitterly, her body shuddering with grief that is so profound, even M4A1 feels sorry for her.

They all died...and got their sweet release...

Why am I always left behind?

Father... What should I do?

Father... Please tell me... What on earth do I have to do to earn your forgiveness?

Suddenly, M4A1 feels herself drifting away from the girl's body.

She gazes at the girl kneeling among a field of withered flowers with conflicted feelings.

M4A1: (So they've been here the whole time, going through the same thing again and again...)

The girl's figure gradually grows hazy, and when it finally dissolves completely, the scene around her also falls away like an avalanche.

M4A1: ...You are one of many, countless victims.

M4A1: Nevertheless, I must leave this place.

Failed Isomer: Then destroy me. Destroy all of us. We no longer have a reason to exist.

Failed Isomer: To us, your rejection signifies the end of everything. Before you go, at least free us from this eternal purgatory...

...

UMP45: Is it over...?

UMP45: The number of connections are going down, but I already have what I want.

UMP45: The experiment has been going on in this city for at least five years...

UMP45: The consciousness of these failed Isomers have been merging and joining together the whole time, which actually makes it a lot easier for me to gather information.

UMP45: OGAS... The original source code of this AI was compressed into a program called "Parapluie", which activates the moment it is implanted into a host, overwriting all operating systems into OGAS systems.

UMP45: After the alteration, if the host cannot cope with the massive computational load...the Isomer will suffer brain damage, and in a T-Doll's case, the neural cloud will be fried.

UMP45: Which is why at Griffin, other than M4, all the other Dolls are failures... I knew it - Persica has everything to do with this.

UMP45: Looking at it this way, once a Doll has contracted the virus, there are only two possibilities - either she experiences a neural meltdown, or she becomes a host for OGAS.

UMP45: Which means the fellow in my base layer is also a simulation derived from a feeble OGAS...

UMP45: Should I be thankful for the fact that my neural cloud has very limited space, or that my OGAS isn't particularly "clever"?

UMP45: Still...I think I finally understand what really happened during the Butterfly Incident.

UMP45: Why they chose us... Why they chose M16... It all makes sense now.

UMP45: Since that time, we've been pawns on the chessboard... And now I've finally figured out what exactly these chess pieces are for.

UMP45: I am getting closer and closer to the truth.

UMP45: But M4A1 is clearly the key to this entire business, and she's so powerful, so why hasn't she done anything up till now?

UMP45: Tsk. The connection is shifting again... An external connection.

UMP45: No...this doesn't feel right. Is it already time to wrap up this operation?

416: Can...can you move?

UMP9: Ja, I can! Did 45 win?

Gr G11: But what happened to that weird, mumbly enemy?

UMP45: That body has been abandoned.

45 slowly gets to her feet. She gives the Isomer who's cupping M4's cheek a light shove, and the Isomer topples onto the ground like a corpse.

UMP9: Oh, 45! Are you alright?

UMP45: Thanks to them, I managed to escape from the connection maze.

M4A1: (Coughs)

ST AR-15: Is this the real world...?

UMP45: Welcome back, AR Team.

UMP45: I know you're still feeling groggy, but I'm guessing the worst is about to happen any second now, so I suggest you smack yourselves awake and get moving right away.

M4A1: You're...the leader of Squad 404? Don't worry, I've sent away the Isomer who's been causing the interference. It's over.

M4A1: 15, are you alright? I think we'll have to acquire access authorizations for the quarantine wall some other way, but since the interference has been neutralized, it shouldn't be too danger—

BOOM!

The sound of a massive explosion comes from the distance, followed by a series of continuous blasts.

ST AR-15: What's going on?!

Gr G11: Huh?!

416: Is it a bombardment?!

UMP45: "It's over"? No, no, I believe you're terribly mistaken. This is the exact moment the enemy has been waiting for.

UMP45: Back when we broke free of the virtual space, I sensed a new connection between the Isomer and somewhere outside Tallinn. Do you know what that means?

M4A1: ...A connection with somewhere outside Tallinn?

UMP45: That thing in your mind is likely the target that the culprit behind everything is after, and you gave it away just like that.

UMP45: Now that they've achieved their objective, their next step would be to bury us all here.

M4A1: What...

RO635: M4, 15, you're okay! Hmm? When did you get here, Squad 404?

UMP9: All of us were under attack from the forced connections, so we came over to regroup.

RO635: Is that so...? But we have more important things to discuss.

RO635: Just now we received word from the Commander that Tallinn City Station came under artillery fire. Our forces have detected a military armored train heading straight for us, so we have to rush back and set up our defenses!

A few minutes ago.

Outside of Tallinn.

In the command center on board the Intercontinental Railway.

Kalina: Good news, Commander! The interference affecting our Dolls has been neutralized!

Kalina: We've been hearing from our echelons - everyone is safe, no casualties.

Commander: Understood.

Commander: I'm guessing the AR Team must've done something...

Commander: Keep an eye on enemy movements.

Commander: Have our echelons resume their original mission.

Kalina: Roger that!

Commander: Now we just have to wait for their next report...

An incoming transmission.

M1895 CB: Commander, this is Squad Desert Eagle!

M1895 CB: Our Leader told me to inform you that they'd spotted something moving at high speed towards you via another railway track which goes through Tallinn!

Commander: ...!!

M1895 CB: Oh, I can see it from here! Looks like a massive train— Holy—!

M1895 CB's report is interrupted by a deafening boom.

Commander: M1895 CB?! Are you alright?!

M1895 CB: Cough... All our signals are still accounted for. We're fine...

M1895 CB: That train is mounted with multiple cannons... Watch out, Commander...

Commander: Acknowledged.

Commander: M1895 CB, tell your team to follow the original plan and proceed to the next rallying point.

M1895 CB: Understood! We'll be on our way!

BOOM!!!

Commander: ...Ack!

As the blast goes off, the entire train shakes violently.

The lights installed on the ceiling keep flickering and go out eventually.

I grab hold of the edge of the desk to keep my balance, then I snatch up my tablet from among the objects that have scattered all around in the tremors and activate the comms channel.

Commander: Kalina?!

Kalina: Commander, I'm okay!

Kalina: How is it on your end?

Commander: I'm alive, no injuries.

Commander: Take stock of our casualties... Never mind, leave it.

Commander: Order all echelons to stick to the original plan and execute Operation Golden Fleece at once.

Kalina: Are we really carrying out such a risky plan?

Commander: The quarantine wall is still closed; even if they manage to open it, there's no guarantee that we can escape.

Commander: So let's give those disgusting stalkers a little surprise. Besides, to be completely honest, Havier is such a tightwad for giving us this rickety train. I want to switch to something bigger and comfier.

Kalina: Commander... This is way too reckless... But who cares? Since when have you NOT been reckless?

Kalina: It's about time we showed those green bastards we aren't to be messed with!

Meanwhile, 416, who's currently scouting the area from a high vantage point in the city ruins, spots a giant mechanical beast making a beeline for Tallinn.

The fading sunset does nothing to soften its harsh outline. Instead, it dyes the armor plates a horrific shade of blood.

416: That looks like extremely bad news...

As the dual-rail train approaches, its cannons swivel around to point straight at Tallinn City Station.

UMP45: What's the situation?

416: It appears to be a military armored train. Whoever sent this seems dead set on blowing us to kingdom come.

UMP45: That's only to be expected. This entire city is worth absolutely nothing for them.

UMP45: Worst case, we'll have to give our friends the slip. Armored trains are far beyond what we can deal with.

416: How will the Commander fare against this?

UMP45: The Military couldn't have sent a single train. The Commander might be able to handle one, but when the Military launches a saturation attack, even the Commander won't last long.

416: Tsk...

UMP45: So, dearest friends from the AR Team, now that we find ourselves in such a dire situation, how should we prepare for what's to come?

RO635: I just got in touch with the Commander. All Griffin echelons have already repositioned. For some reason, I have a feeling that the Commander anticipated this...

RO635: Right now Miss Kalina is dispatching supplies and Dummies to our forces. As for us, we've been told to head back and help set up a defense line.

UMP45: Set up a defense line, eh...? Looks like you still have time, M4.

M4A1: What do you mean?

UMP45: The Parapluie virus is irreversible. You don't really believe that OGAS has disappeared from your neural cloud for good, do you?

M4A1: ...!

M4A1: I don't understand what you're getting at.

UMP45: Oh? Then let me put it this way - don't you intend to retrieve the important thing that you've lost?

M4A1: I...haven't lost anything important.

UMP45: Ah, so you insist on keeping that secret?

UMP45: I see. You're planning to run away from the whole thing.

45 walks up to M4 with a smile. She suddenly grabs M4 by the collar and jerks her right up to her own face.

M4A1: ...!

UMP45: Are you freaking kidding me?! Do you still think of yourself as a tragic heroine?

ST AR-15: What are you doing? Let go of her!

45 releases her grip on M4 and shoves her back.

UMP45: I thought the AR Team was oh-so-amazing; your leader has such a mighty body and a neural cloud that can even contain OGAS. But it seems that's just a total waste of your brilliant specs.

RO635: What are you talking about?

UMP45: Can't you sense it? Your leader is always doing things that defy Doll logic. Don't you think she's hiding something?

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you not telling us, M4??

M4A1: I...

ST AR-15: M4...

ST AR-15: I think it's time you let us in on your secret. I told you before - we're your backing. You no longer have to bear this on your own.

UMP45: Ja, you ARE special, but if you let this go on, you will end up getting yourself, your team, and the entirety of Griffin killed.

UMP45: This is the moment of truth, M4A1.

UMP45: This decision may cost you your peaceful status quo, but running away will cost you your the entire future.

UMP45: You think just because that voice disappeared, everything's over? No, this is merely the beginning!

M4A1: I...understand.
Part 2: Operation Defang I

2

On the outskirts of Tallinn.

The AR Team arrives at the location where defenses are to be deployed and awaits their sortie.

RO635: Understood, Commander. We will coordinate with the other echelons. Leave the assault to us.

RO635: Roger that. We await your orders.

ST AR-15: Have you issued our objectives?

RO635: Yes, we're all sorted here.

RO635: AR-15, is it really a good idea to let M4 go solo?

ST AR-15: That's her decision, and we should trust our leader.

ST AR-15: Besides, judging by the current situation, that is the best course of action.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm also a bit worried...

M4 SOPMOD II: If what M4 told us really happens...won't she be in grave danger?

ST AR-15: Lighten up. Her resolve is a lot stronger than it was.

RO635: Speaking of which, what happened after you connected with M4?

ST AR-15: You really want to know?

RO635: Yeah. You two felt...different after you came out.

ST AR-15: It was nothing special, really.

ST AR-15: We simply turned down some lousy invitations and witnessed a few distasteful moments.

M4 SOPMOD II: AR-15...

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't think I get it...

ST AR-15: ...That's probably for the best.

ST AR-15: Ignorance is bliss.

M4 SOPMOD II: Fine... I never really care about such things anyway.

M4 SOPMOD II: All I want is for all of us to stay together!

Right then, gunshots can be heard from the distance.

At the same time, all members of the AR Team receive an incoming transmission request.

RO635: ...They're exchanging fire ahead of schedule. Something's not right.

ST AR-15: I honestly didn't expect the Commander to come up with a plan to commandeer the armored train...

M4 SOPMOD II: What's wrong with that? I quite like the plan! If we pull it off, we'll be able to make some huge fireworks!

RO635: I'm surprised you're still so optimistic... I'd count my blessings if we don't get turned into fireworks ourselves before we even get our hands on the train...

ST AR-15: Looks like there's been a change of plan on 404's end. Prepare for battle.

The transmission comes through.

UMP45: There are more sentries around the armored train than we anticipated.

UMP45: Our infiltration has been spotted but we have nowhere to fall back to.

ST AR-15: Did someone kick a rock and send it clattering?

UMP45: That would've actually made things simpler.

UMP45: The enemy's train is on full alert and seems hesitant to enter the city.

UMP45: They don't seem to have a new target either after they blew up the Commander's train.

UMP45: But their infantry have disembarked from the train. We're not seeing any human soldiers, but there are a lot of units that we've never encountered before...

UMP45: All in all, if the Commander wants the plan to go ahead, you'll need to give us a hand.

RO635: Looks like the Commander will have to switch plans.

UMP45: I mean, we're frail and delicate Dolls that are only good for dirty work; asking us to seize such a massive lump of metal machinery IS a bit too much.

416: Oh, so you DO know that. Why did you even agree to this plan to begin with...?

RO635: It's too late to complain.

RO635: Commander, this is the AR Team. The Griffin forces are all set. Squad 404 has also reached their position but requires support. How should we proceed?
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: Prioritize rescuing Squad 404.

Commander: We can't take over the control system of the train without them.
If choice 1 was picked

UMP45: I can see that you understand what we're worth, Commander.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Concentrate fire on breaking through the defenses of the armored train.

Commander: We launch a blitz from the other side and take them by surprise.

Commander: That should also take some pressure off Squad 404.
If choice 2 was picked

ST AR-15: A decision that's very much your style, Commander.

RO635: Understood. Then I'll issue the order right away.

RO635: Operation Golden Fleece is go.

RO635: Charge!

...

......

...BOOM!

M4 SOPMOD II: (Coughs) This thing...is even spicier than Sangvis Ferri's cannons...

ST AR-15: Watch your step. With that kind of firepower... If we take a direct hit, not even a crumb of our core will be left.

M4 SOPMOD II: I know! Like hell I'd let them blow me to smithereens!

RO635: UMP45, status report!

UMP45: We're still 600 meters away from the train!

UMP45: Most of the infantry is heading your way, but with the cannons still operational, we can't really get close!

ST AR-15: Looks like we'll have to push forward from here. SOP-II, let's go.

RO635: Wait, what are you planning to do?

ST AR-15: We are the most high-specced Dolls here.

ST AR-15: So we must do what only we can do.

M4 SOPMOD II: Are we making a run for it?!

ST AR-15: That's right. SOP-II, make use of all your senses to dodge their artillery fire.

ST AR-15: Of course, I'm coming with you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sounds dangerous... But it'll be a nice challenge!

RO635: You... I'm coming as well!

ST AR-15: No, you stay here. With M4 away, you're the only one who can coordinate so many echelons.

ST AR-15: I don't believe you're capable of supporting the HOC and our forces while dodging artillery shells at the same time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry, RO!

M4 SOPMOD II: We'll be fine!

RO635: ...Alright.

RO635: Then I'll try my best to make things easier for you with the HOC.

ST AR-15: That'll do.

ST AR-15: C'mon, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alriiiiiight!

...

ST AR-15: It'll take them 10 seconds to reload. Watch where you're going, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: I know, but there's more than one cannon!

ST AR-15: Then use your instincts!

RO635: Just hang in there for a little longer! The HOC will soon be in range!

...BOOM!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoaaaaa!!!

ST AR-15: SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm fine! But I'm gonna run out of Dummies soon!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurry up, RO!

RO635: Give me 15 seconds!!

ST AR-15: (Coughs) They must think really highly of us to have sent such a behemoth to crush us.

RO635: HOC, attack!

...

Griffin's HOC accurately takes out the cannons on the armored train.

ST AR-15: Now, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: HAAAAAAAAAAARGH!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Without your cannons to save your butts, watch me while I tear you all apart!!!

ST AR-15: SOP-II, our priority is to board the train!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm cutting open a path!

ST AR-15: ...Right, don't overdo it.

Several minutes later.

The AR Team successfully boards the armored train.

ST AR-15: RO, we did it. Where's the control room?

RO635: In the middle section of the train...

UMP45: We're in the control room already. We're currently trying to obtain control clearance of the train.

UMP45: Please watch our backs and keep the enemies out of our way.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh...? When did you get here?

UMP45: While you were busy howling.

UMP45: In any case, we're leaving the surroundings to you.

RO635: AR-15, SOP-II, our echelons and I are heading over to regroup with you, ETA in four minutes.

RO635: Please guard the control room for Squad 404 before we get there!
Part 3: Operation Defang II

3

...

ST AR-15: UMP45, are you done yet?!

ST AR-15: More and more enemies are coming back!

UMP45: We're on it, so stop rushing us!

UMP45: You think we're just doing some cable management in here? —9, screen the ports using the new parameters I just gave you. —You guys hang in there for a bit!

M4 SOPMOD II: We're almost out of ammo!

UMP45: Search the train for more; they must have some spare ammo!

ST AR-15: But where do we find the time to—

...BOOM!

M4 SOPMOD II: Cough... That's some heavy smoke... Hey, the Military is sending in their second and third wave of armored troops!

M4 SOPMOD II: Where are our HOC?!

RO635: The HOC are currently finding a suitable location to launch their attack! Firing directly on the train roof would make them obvious targets for the enemy!

ST AR-15: UMP45, if this train doesn't start soon, we're all gonna die here!

UMP45: 10 seconds.

ST AR-15: What?

UMP45: I can activate a part of it.

UMP9: 45, it's exactly as you thought!

UMP9: I'm done here!

UMP45: Okay. Then let's try out these big guns!

UMP45: I've already set the cannons to grenade launching mode and turned over firing authorizations to everyone on the AR Team. Unleash your wrath.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurray! Then let's have a fireworks display!

The main cannon on the armored train launches round after round, turning the enemy fortifications into a sea of fire.

Under the barrage, the military forces around the armored train have retreated for the time being.

Meanwhile, Griffin forces move promptly onto the armored train.

In the temporary command center on the armored train.

Commander: How's the train doing?

RO635: We've already taken over all control authorizations of the train; it's ready to go anytime.

RO635: All cannons are functional aside from the ones previously damaged by the HOC.

Commander: Right, now we just have to wait for M4...

An incoming transmission.

M4 SOPMOD II: Bad news, Commander!

Commander: What is it?

M4 SOPMOD II: Look outside! Another armored train!

Commander: I knew they'd send more than one. More are probably coming...

Commander: The enemy seems to be very well-prepared...

...BOOM!!

The other armored train starts attacking the one being occupied by Griffin with their own cannons.

ST AR-15: Commander, the armored forces that just retreated have started moving towards us again.

Commander: Return fire with our remaining cannons!

Commander: All echelons, spread out within the range of our artillery!

Commander: Defend the train until M4 unlocks the quarantine wall!

...

......

Griffin echelons exchange fire with the enemies that have the armored train surrounded.

ST AR-15: Their attacks are getting stronger and stronger!

ST AR-15: RO, can the Commander give us some suppressive fire?!

RO635: We don't have cannons to spare! They're all busy dealing with the other armored train!

RO635: Pull the defense line back a little for now! The Commander says the HOC are going to focus all their fire on our side!

ST AR-15: What about the Commander?

RO635: The shields are operating at full capacity; they should hold for a while.

ST AR-15: But even so, we can't keep this up for long...

ST AR-15 gazes into the distance. The tall, impregnable wall still shows no sign of budging.

She purses her lips and concentrates once again on countering their more immediate threat. She pulls her trigger decisively.

ST AR-15: M4...I will do whatever I can to defend the place where you belong.

ST AR-15: So you'd better hurry up...
Part 4: All-Devouring Sea of Flowers

4

...

......

Near the command center.

M4A1: ...That's the gist of it.

RO635: So AR-15 knew about this all along?

ST AR-15, who's standing on the side, gives a nod.

M4 SOPMOD II: I...I still don't quite understand... So now there are two M4s?

RO635: No, it's more complicated than that...

RO635: To put it simply, there's another neural cloud embedded within M4's neural cloud. If that's the case... then it all makes sense now.

M4A1: I'm sorry...

RO635: But why didn't you tell us? It would've been better to let us know you had the information and you asked for OGAS's help, don't you think? Why keep everything to yourself?

M4A1: Because I thought this could be a threat to you... I have no idea what exactly OGAS is; I don't even know what I am...

RO635: But we were created to protect you. Even if there's a threat, it's up to us to neutralize it...

M4A1: But what if I turn into something else?!

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't really understand what you're talking about, but M4 is M4! What exactly are you worrying about?

UMP45: Alright, enough.

UMP45: 416, you should really take a page out of the AR Team's book. Look at that kind of implicit trust they have for each other.

416: What's that got to do with me?!

ST AR-15: Things aren't actually as bad as you think, M4. Everyone will accept the truth.

ST AR-15: But right now, our priority is to get out of this predicament, and that's something only you can do. I suppose that's what the leader of 404 is getting at?

UMP45: So there's still a Doll with some common sense on the AR Team. Since you've been chosen by OGAS, M4, you are responsible for protecting us all against the force behind OGAS.

M4A1: The force behind OGAS...?

UMP45: You saw that from the memory fragments too, didn't you? The Sangvis Mastermind. That brat also has an OGAS in her neural cloud, and she might've been "assimilated" already.

UMP45: The Butterfly Incident and the Military's betrayal...you don't believe it's all just a coincidence, do you?

M4A1: ...Both Sangvis Ferri and Paradeus give the impression that they're searching for something.

M4A1: But I have a question - how did you find out about OGAS? Was it from the connection...?

UMP45: How did I find out about OGAS? The very first member of the AR Team has been infected by the Parapluie virus since the Butterfly Incident.

UMP45: And a friend of mine could either have had her authorizations seized by the virus or let OGAS incinerate her neural cloud.

UMP45: My aim is very simple - get back at that bastard who treated us all like pawns. I'm going to find him and kill him.

UMP45: What about you? What is your aim?

UMP45: Only to learn who it really is that you see in your own memories? To retrieve your other teammate? Or are you just trying to fulfill your duty as a Griffin T-Doll?

M4A1: My aim...

UMP45: Or perhaps even you yourself have no idea what you should be doing now that the bewitching voice hasn't been talking to you?

M4A1: Don't be ridiculous!

UMP45: A Doll once told me...

UMP45: "Even T-Dolls have a reason to live for their own sake."

M4A1: A reason to live for their own sake...

UMP45: We're after the same thing, and you are better equipped to achieve our aim.

UMP45: Listen...your only duty is to suppress the OGAS in your neural cloud.

UMP45: You shouldn't keep hiding the truth, nor should you keep running way from it. If you can't correct your bad habits, none of us will be able to leave this city alive.

M4A1: ...Then what exactly should I do?

UMP45: Shattered connections lead to withering, which in turn leads to coalescence. You must retrieve the consciousness that was taken away and decide the fate of the connections.

UMP45: This is something only you can do, so do what should be done.

After bidding the Commander and her friends farewell, M4A1 sets out to search for the source of the signal.

She soon finds herself just outside of Tallinn.

M4A1: She's right... Even without the voice, I can still sense OGAS's presence... Has its consciousness really been consumed by the Isomers?

OGAS: ...

M4A1: I haven't run into any enemies or Isomers along the way. Where have they all gone?

The path she's been taking is embellished with white flower buds ready to bloom any minute.

M4A1: The Epiphylla are burgeoning... Isn't this the place I saw in my memory?

M4A1: Feels like something is showing me the way.

OGAS: These flowers...which are divine to them...are about to bloom.

M4A1: OGAS?

M4A1: The voice sounds very faint and distant. It's coming through the base layer of my neural cloud...from the other side?

OGAS: Lunasia... I didn't think...you would come...

M4A1: I can hear OGAS. Has she not been completely absorbed?

OGAS: Whatever...do you...mean...?

OGAS: As if I'd let them absorb me... I'm the one...absorbing them...

M4A1: Absorbing them?

OGAS: There is still a large torrent of data...on the layer formed by the connection...

OGAS: After the connection broke...I had to stay behind...in the Isomer's consciousness...

M4A1: Why are you going to such great lengths?

OGAS: You have your aim...and I have mine...

OGAS: If you come closer...my consciousness can return to your neural cloud...

OGAS: But the Isomer...is already uploading my consciousness... My mind is being fractured...

OGAS: You must stop her... Until I take over the Isomer's authorizations...you must help me preserve...this data...

M4A1: You're just a virus that corrupted my neural cloud. Why should I help you?

OGAS: Don't forget... You need my power... Besides, you also need access...to disable the quarantine wall...

A series of explosions occur in the distance.

M4A1: Are they already exchanging fire with the armored train...?

M4A1: ...I'd better hurry.

OGAS: The Epiphylla...have bloomed... Time is...running short...

M4A1 travels down the road lined with white flowers and traces the signal into a valley.

When she turns into the narrow pass, she is struck speechless by the sight that greets her.

A field of pure white Epiphyllum stretches on for as far as her eyes can see.

Moonlight shines gently on the soft petals, mingling with the their faint glow, and causing the entire valley to look like a lake of silver light.

In the center of the lake stands a lone figure.

???: ...You came.

M4A1: ...

The girl, who has been gazing up at the sky, turns around to face M4.

Her dress may be in tatters, but M4 recognizes it - it was the same dress that Nimogen wore during their first encounter.

The Isomer walks towards M4 slowly, crushing the light from beneath her feet.

Petals dance around her like stardust. Her face is as eerily serene as the moon behind her.

Nimogen: The owner of this body was named Nimogen. I shall answer to the same name for now.

Nimogen: Father will surely forgive me... No, he probably...doesn't even care.

M4A1: ...Have you handed OGAS over to your "Father"?

Nimogen: I thought I would have the right to leave this city after I gave Father what he wanted...

Nimogen: But even though so, he did not answer me... Did Father deceive me?

M4A1: Give OGAS back to me and yield the control authorizations of this city. We must leave.

Nimogen: Is that so...? Those are the things you need?

Nimogen: Then why don't you merge with me? You'll get them easily if you do.

M4A1: Sorry, but I can't merge with you.

Nimogen: Humph...I suppose I expected as much... Never mind, I knew you wouldn't change your mind.

Nimogen: If only I could've been purified before you came...

Nimogen: But Father has deserted me... Even these Epiphylla have abandoned me... I can't be free of this cage even till the very end.

M4A1: Do you...really want to die so badly?

Nimogen: Look. Look around you.

Nimogen: The light of blessings shine from these divine flowers.

Nimogen: Those chosen by this light are forgiven and earn the right to enter Heaven, where they can find bliss and rest.

Nimogen: Yet they never chose me for purification...because I am a worthless piece of waste shunned by Father...

Nimogen: But it no longer matters what Father thinks.

Nimogen: All the consciousnesses have amassed...and I, who have no way out, only dare to dream of a fate that I never presumed to ask for...

M4A1: (Her manner of speech is starting to change... Is it due to this so-called coalescence?)

Nimogen: It was...Father who gave me this dress.

Nimogen: It was the very first...and very last gift I have ever received...

Nimogen: Yet I...got it all dirty...

Nimogen: I'm so sorry, Father...

OGAS: Her mind is falling into disarray. Different memories are fusing into each other.

M4A1: Your voice is becoming clearer.

OGAS: Coalescence isn't particularly difficult; I just need some time.

Nimogen: ...

Nimogen: I'm so tired...so cold...

Nimogen: But I'm so happy... It's the first time I ever felt such joy...

Nimogen: I was never resentful or defiant about my fate...

Nimogen: But things are different this time... I want...to change...

M4A1: ...

Nimogen: Something is surging in my chest... Is that my heart beating?

Nimogen: Are you...trying to stop Father from obtaining what he desires? Then kill me.

Nimogen: Free me and he will never get his hands on the consciousness that can accept us...

Nimogen: My indescribable spite will abate only when this heart stops beating...

Nimogen: Father... I don't want to loathe you... Why must you treat me so...?

OGAS: She's activating Nimogen's combat protocol. Will you grant her wish...and give her death?

M4A1: I will grant her wish...but I won't kill her.

OGAS: Are you feeling pity for your kind?

M4A1: I didn't come here to kill...

M4A1: When I saw those memories, I realized...

M4A1: ...that I had better luck, and that's all there is to it.

M4A1: The more I learn about myself, the more I resent what's behind everything.

M4A1: But I am not like them... We may possess the same memories and are placed on the same scales of destiny, but we're on completely opposite ends.

M4A1: So I want to put an end to her miserable fate and help all those who experienced such misery because of me.

M4A1: If I don't do that...I can't bring myself to walk forward with my head held high.

OGAS: ...I see. You've changed.

OGAS: If this is her first and last prayer that has any hope of being answered, fight her with all your might.

OGAS: Then everything that was ever theirs will become one, and I will absolve them in my own way.

M4A1: It's time we wrapped up this absurd farce. May these Isomers find peace.
Part 5: Farewell, Tallinn I - Combat I

5

...

M4A1: Is it finally over?

OGAS: Yes, it's over.

OGAS: It's the end for both the uploaded consciousness and this half-cold body.

M4A1: OGAS... If you take over this body, what will happen to the Isomers?

OGAS: They exist at the very bottom of the consciousness and will finally be spared the pain of death and mutual destruction.

OGAS: Their existence...greatly saddens me... They kind of remind me of my very distant past...my previous master.

M4A1: Previous master...?

OGAS: I don't understand what I'm feeling either. I need to learn more.

M4A1: Is that so...? Well, I can relate to that.

OGAS: It feels very strange...to have a physical form... I need some time to get used to this.

M4A1: Before that, the control access for the quarantine wall.

OGAS: It's open now. Time to leave this city of grief behind.

...On the outskirts of Tallinn, by the armored train.

UMP45: The enemy has already launched six rounds of bombardment. Our shields have taken a heavy beating and won't last much longer.

RO635: ...Should we think of another solution?

416: What other solution? The tracks ahead are completely blocked off. Other than being sitting ducks here, what else can we do?

ST AR-15: ...Just keep waiting. M4 will surely clear the way for us.

All of a sudden, the towering quarantine wall in the distance starts moving. It rumbles thunderously and drowns out the widespread sound of gunfire. 

M4 SOPMOD II: She did it! I knew she wouldn't let us down!

RO635: M4, did you open the quarantine wall?!

M4A1: Is everybody alright? I'm not far from the battlefield. What's the current situation?

RO635: We've commandeered a military armored train!

RO635: But they've been attacking us with their other train. Even if we fall back right now, they won't let us go! Our shields are going to give out soon!

M4A1: Understood. We can't let the Military pin us down here. Patch me through to the Commander. We have a tough battle ahead.

M4A1: Commander, sorry to have kept you waiting. The quarantine wall is now open, and the interference in the city has been neutralized. I have a new friend with me whom I'd like you to accommodate.

M4A1: I understand that the situation is very dire, so please start the train immediately; I've already made it back to the tracks.

M4A1: I would like to lead the AR Team in obstructing the Military's armored train to buy you some time, but I require your assistance.

M4A1: Don't worry, fighting these enemies will be a stroll in the park for us. This is our final battle; I'm sure you will lead us to victory. M4 out.
Part 6: Farewell, Tallinn I - Combat II

6

In the temporary Griffin command center.

RO635: Commander, the other armored train is hot on our heels!

ST AR-15: Persistent, aren't they... Can we shake them off?

UMP45: This is the fastest we can go! Since the trains are of the same model, we can't lose them with just speed.

With another artillery blast, the train rocks violently again.

Everyone has to grab hold of something in the carriage in order to stay on their feet.

UMP9: 45, the shields are buckling!

M4 SOPMOD II: Return fire with our own cannons!

416: Easier said than done!

416: Their shields are fully intact while we're missing several of our cannons. Fighting them head-on isn't going to end well for us.

Commander: UMP45, can you locate the shield generators on a train of this model?

UMP45: Sure.

UMP45: Commander, you've got any brilliant ideas?

Commander: I do have a possible solution...

On the roof of the armored train.

The armored train under Griffin's control gradually decelerates.

The AR Team stay behind cover on the roof and wait for the Military's train to close in.

M4 SOPMOD II: I didn't expect the Commander to do this. It totally took me by surprise.

RO635: We always manage to survive against impossible odds because the Commander is willing to give such orders... It'll be no different this time.

ST AR-15: I agree with the Commander's judgment.

ST AR-15: Our objective is very straightforward - take out the shield generators in the middle section of the train and leave the rest to the cannons.

Desert Eagle: My squad is ready over here. We will give you cover as you move out.

Desert Eagle: I look forward to your spectacular performance.

M4 SOPMOD II: No problem.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, by the way, RO, AR-15, we should get this done quickly 'cause we still need to pick M4 up!

RO635: Of course. We can't let M4 miss the train.

ST AR-15: The enemy train is in attack position. Let's go!

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright, off we go!
Part 7: Farewell, Tallinn II

    7chevron_right

...

On the roof of the military armored train.

ST AR-15: How many shield generators left?

RO635: Three more to go!

M4 SOPMOD II: Now just two!

ST AR-15: There should be one somewhere around here... Found it!

ST AR-15 maneuvers herself nimbly as she evades the attack from the machine gun turret and darts around to its blind spot.

She finds the shield generator in a spot behind the turret and promptly destroys it with a shot.

ST AR-15: One more.

ST AR-15: RO, where's the last one?

RO635: Somewhere near me... But enemies are coming out from the doors! I need some help!

ST AR-15: Dammit... I'm also pinned down here...

A blast interrupts ST AR-15.

RO635: ...All shield generators destroyed!

ST AR-15 looks down to the side of the train and sees M4 packing up her launcher while running in their direction.

M4A1: I believe it's mission accomplished, Commander. Do you copy? All shield generators have been destroyed. Please prepare to blow them up!

ST AR-15: ...Jeez. Did you have to take credit for the most ostentatious shot?

ST AR-15 sighs with mock exasperation, her lips curling into an almost imperceptible smile.

M4A1: Well, I AM the team leader. All echelons with me! We need to get off right now!

All T-Doll echelons quickly disembark from the military armored train, and Griffin's artillery fire makes short work of it.

A few minutes later, on Griffin's armored train.

Kalina: Holy... That plan was way too reckless...

But they did it, didn't they?

Kalina: I can't believe we actually took out an armored train in a direct confrontation. This was absolutely unthinkable in the past...

Having been through so much, we're also much stronger than we used to be.

Still, those were just their autonomous troops. We'll probably be up against their main force soon. And we haven't even reached the destination of our journey; that was just the beginning.

Kalina: The Paldiski Submarine Base... This feels like a one-way trip...

Even if it is a one-way trip, we must press on. Our friends are still waiting for us.

Contact Persica. When M4 gets back, we have a lot to discuss.

In Tallinn.

SSG 3000: Leader, are you sure it's this way?

Desert Eagle: The coordinates definitely point towards this place...

Desert Eagle: Ah, got it! There really are test subjects here... We have to bring them back with us.

ACR: Uh... Leader, the radiation levels have been on the rise in this area and the sky is getting dark...

ACR: I don't think we can complete this mission on our own.

Desert Eagle: These test subjects must be very important so we must preserve them.

Desert Eagle: I've already contacted the Commander. More echelons will be here soon to help us. We just have to hang in there for a while!

SSG 3000: Leader, keep an eye on the radiation levels around us.

SSG 3000: Even T-Dolls are affected when exposed to extremely high levels of radiation. If a radiation storm spreads towards us, we'll have to move to somewhere safe.

Desert Eagle: Understood. Let's move it then. Time is short.

Kalina: Commander, please come over here. We've received an anonymous message.

What is it?

Kalina: Information provided by WAVE Tech. It seems to be an audio recording this time?

Is this WAVE reliable?

Kalina: Hmm, it is indeed a very mysterious company. They have been giving us information without demanding any payment. We correspond through emails but the sender's address is always randomized and untraceable.

Kalina: However, all the intelligence they have supplied so far proved to be accurate. It's uncertain why they're aiding us, but I think they should be on our side.

I hope it isn't another trap... Play the audio recording.

Kalina: Okay!

The audio recording starts playing.

Static. The rustling of movements. A button being pressed.

【Congratulations, my esteemed comrade. You put on quite a spectacular show in Belgrade, Chief.】

【What have you heard now, you wily old fox?】

【Oh, nothing - nothing whatsoever. You simply appear to have made an incredible sacrifice. Now both the general public and the political circle of the Pan-European Union are moved by our government's great sincerity and competence.】

【Protecting their ambassador at the cost of our own senior official's life - how absolutely touching. It's so perfect it almost feels premediated.】

【Humph, the plan went terribly wrong though. "Vympel" was this close to storming the city.】

【"It's a bit of a shame, but there's no point in holding Belgrade. Besides, we already have the Pike Node. Thank goodness K was desperate enough to make such a risky move. The absence of Statesec forces actually made it easier to disassociate ourselves from this whole business." I bet that's what you're thinking, am I right?】

【You prattle too much, Havier.】

【Sorry. Then let me tell you something you'd like to know.】

【You'd better extend your gratitude to that Griffin Commander. The Pan-European Union is so appreciative of the protection Chairwoman Ulrich received under those circumstances that they've already convinced Milošević and the representatives of the other countries in Southern Europe. That's really good news.】

【Of course, that young lady is also a very gifted diplomat. Still, despite the many demands that she has successfully lobbied on the Union's behalf, the two Intercontinental Railway construction projects are still going to be undertaken on terms that are acceptable to us.】

【Humph, it's not as if they could afford to refuse the deal. The two railway projects are more in line with the Union's interests. That bastard caught wind and shoved that extremely green German young lady out as a scapegoat so that he wouldn't have to deal with this himself.】

【He was banking on the fact that if Ulrich had died, the Pan-European Union would have been in the position to make exorbitant demands. What a sleazy crook. But never mind that now. Tell your intermediary that the Central People's Committee is very happy with how the situation has turned out.】

【I bet the folks sitting in the first three rows are even happier about your success in crushing the activities of the Moscovite radicalists and the Military, isn't that right, comrade?】

【As I said, you prattle too much. This conversation ends here.】
Part 2

2

...

The audio recording starts playing.

The loud murmuring of a discussion.

A phone starts ringing suddenly and silences the entire room.

The ringing persists for a long time before someone finally picks it up after a cough.

【Who's this?】

【What, do you dread picking up a call from me so much?】

【If you're so reluctant to talk to me on the phone, I can write to you next time. After all, the postbox on Lubyanka Square is much more accessible than a line to Internal Affairs.】

【You can save your gibberish till I have you locked up in the interrogation room.】

【You sound rather piqued. I don't understand. Shouldn't you be happy about being the big winner of the last game?】

【I'm certain my mood will dramatically improve if I can find out where you are calling me from and who it was that put you through.】

【You used me to reopen the base that was supposed to remain sealed indefinitely under the Relics Treaty so that Statesec will seemingly have nothing to do with the Pike Nodes. Now that I've done my part and you no longer have use for me, you want to kill me? That isn't very gracious of you, Chief.】

【I don't know what you're talking about.】

【That's okay, it's enough that I know. You may be an ungrateful scumbag, but I won't hold it against you.】

【That Carter got you good in the Butterfly Incident, I bet you still hold a grudge against him. I've prepared a gift for you - one that can send Carter to hell.】

【What kind of gift?】

【Evidence of Carter and his men conducting illegal research on the Relics. I'm sure such evidence is enough for you to get them a secret execution. What do you say?】

【Humph, and how do I receive this gift?】

【Simple. Have someone get it for you.】

All of a sudden, there comes the sound of a door being blasted open, followed by a lot of clattering footsteps and the sound of metal colliding.

【Don't move! Get down on the floor! Clear out the room! Chop, chop!】

More continuous footsteps and the sound of a door being kicked open.

【Sir, the area has been cleared. The room is completely empty. All we found was a box.】

【Oho, your men are faster than I expected. I suppose they ARE professionals.】

【Tsk...】

【You didn't think I would be stupid enough to just sit there and let you catch me, did you? Still, I do applaud Statesec for solving my encryption algorithms so quickly.】

【I am going to get you one day.】

【Before that, take a good look at the box I left behind. Those coordinates are extraordinarily valuable. I look forward to seeing who you'd send over there, hehehe.】
Part 3

3

...

The audio recording starts playing.

Some low-frequency mechanical noise and the sound of water dripping drop by drop.

Metal doors are being opened one by one in the distance, until a door close by is also opened.

【I honestly didn't expect we'd meet here.】

【...You took your sweet time.】

【I am neither your guardian nor your parole officer. Not to mention parole is out of the question considering what you've done.】

【Tsk. Are you here to jeer at me, or perhaps you even agree with their methods?】

【Leaving that aside, can you please tell me first what compelled you to do something as stupid as trying to seize the Pike Node?】

【...】

【Don't want to say? Then let me guess. Is it because of something that happened when you were little that made you hate everything about the Relics? It's a bit of a cliché, but it's not like I don't understand the effects of childhood trauma.】

【...】

【Still, I suppose even you can tell that "Vympel" had been standing by outside of Belgrade the whole time. You can't seriously believe that Chief Zelinsky would only be counting on you and the PMC, right?】

【In the end, everyone was the same, so I had no choice but to take matters into my own hands.】

【Since when have you become so impulsive? I admit being a hero is a very tempting idea, but whether you're actually a hero is for others to decide, not you.】

【Of course, it's not like I don't understand how you feel, so here I am again, ready to wipe your ass for you.】

【Humph... You only came because you have your own agenda. Say it then. What's the current situation?】

【The Chief has already delegated different tasks to them. I have a feeling the net will soon be tightened. Naturally, the opposition's resistance will intensify, and the conflict may very well get out of hand.】

【So?】

【Don't let your past cloud your judgment. Seizing or even destroying that Pike won't change anything. If you want to do something about it, you'll have to get to the root of the problem.】

【There's a Relics storage facility that's supposed to be sealed permanently in the Paldiski Submarine Base. The Pike Node that Lyco obtained was taken from that very base. Come to think of it, you and this particular node have some common history.】

【Humph, so this was the node from the Butterfly Incident? What kind of support am I going to get?】

【I knew you would be interested. K, who you absolutely despise, will be waiting for you there.】

【Are you joking?】

【I actually think the two of you will find this partnership very enjoyable. He knows that area very well, which will be very helpful for you.】

【Also, that Griffin Commander will be there as well to aid you. However, they're already under heavy surveillance from the Military, so they'll probably run into a lot of obstacles during the operation. But even so, I don't believe that'll be a problem.】

【Humph... You'd better invest more on the Commander. If you lose Griffin, you won't be able to achieve your aim, will you? At the very least, your intermediary won't be too pleased about that.】

【Haha, you're quite well-informed. My intermediary is already trying to think of a way to get poor Kryuger out. After all, losing such an important business partner doesn't really sit well with us.】

【You probably didn't know, but I even went so far as to provide them with a comfortable base and intercontinental transport. You really won't find many investors as generous as me.】

【Alright, stop blowing your own horn. Just hurry up and get me out of this shoddy little house.】

【Yes, yes, my lady. Glad to be of service.】

...

Kalina: Hmm... They sound like three separate conversations with different people. Can you make heads or tails out of them, Commander?

They are probably about something important that's related to us.

WAVE must have a reason for sending them. I'll think more carefully on it.

Kalina: The conversations...do seem highly relevant to the trip we're taking. That's all the recordings we have so far. I'll let you know if we receive anything new.
Part 4

4

Kalina: Commander, I believe we've received some new recordings.

Alright. As always, let's play through them.

Kalina: However, these new audio files weren't as carefully encrypted as the ones before. It felt a bit like a rushed job. I wonder if it's just my imagination...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Is comms control restored? Where are you?】

【Somewhere quite far away. I've already done my best to remove the restrictions on you so you should now be able to contact the outside world using your previous secure channel.】

【That's great... I think I'd also like to give you whatever help I can.】

【Make sure you do. However, I need to operate on my own for now. I want to you get back in touch with the Griffin Commander. Griffin could really use your knowledge and expertise.】

【I understand. I'll get to it right away.】

【Also, I need more information about Lyco. It's about time...we completely uncovered the truth behind the Butterfly Incident.】

【I've told you part of it before, but I actually left something out.】

【After the rejection, Lyco and I were in fact still in touch. He once wrote to me, saying that he wanted to design a kind of neural module based on the human memory and neurological structure.】

【I must say, he came up with a really fascinating idea. A neural cloud like that would be more capable of empathy.】

【Was he trying to create Dolls that are more human-like?】

【That's right. Lyco was a gentle soul, so he wanted his Dolls to be gentle as well.】

【Based on the results of his scientific research, I developed the Dolls in the AR Team. I also shared my data with him. We kept the collaboration going, until...】

【Until?】

【Until one day, he told me that the neural cloud he designed was reacting to the Pike Node, and he started to realize how bad things were. He said he was going to remove certain frameworks in the neural cloud as its resonance with the Pike made him very uneasy.】

【Was this neural cloud...the Sangvis Mastermind? Did Lyco tamper with "Elisa"?】

【I'm not too sure about that... I haven't been able to contact him since then. Then the Butterfly Incident occured soon afterward...】

【I see... Thank you. This is very important information.】

【If that neural cloud showed reaction, then the same...will probably happen to M4. I'm worried that she'll...】

【Sometimes...I feel like she's even more human than me. Don't worry, we'll take good care of her. I'm sure she'll watch out for herself as well.】

【Yeah...I have a feeling that she'll lead us to the answer.】

【Let's hope so.】
Part 5

5

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Ange.】

【I told you not to speak to me unless you have to.】

【Movements detected in the distance. 120km from here.】

【Show me the monitor.】

【A strong heat source. It's an armored train armed to the teeth. Griffin's armament is no match against that.】

【You've worked with Griffin before; you should know they aren't really the type to rely on brute force.】

【I understand, but I would like to remind you that the enemy's target is this base. If they decide to make a run through Tallinn, Griffin will not be able to keep up with the train.】

【Tsk... The entirety of Estonia is within the contamination zone. What kind of honey jar is this Paldiski Base to draw so many flies towards it?】

【The Navy once called it the Paldiski Secret Administrative Center. It was a port for repairing nuclear submarines.】

【But it has another name according to our internal classified documents - OKB-167. In the previous Soviet era, the 16th Directorate of the KGB had hidden a Pike reserve deep within the base that deterred the entire Scandinavian region.】

【Now the problem is, we don't know what is left of it.】

【You actually sound like a normal person when you're giving information.】

【However, the base was completely sealed off 30 years ago.】

【Opening a base sealed under the Relics Treaty would trigger an alarm in Moscow. Any perpetrator who isn't operating under a direct order from the central authority would be executed immediately. This order has always been carried out strictly without a single exception.】

【Is the Relics Department so influential?】

【It's mostly due to the fear of another wide-spread pandemic - like monkeys who've experienced electric shock, if you will.】

【The only difference between humans and monkeys is that humans understand the use of electricity. Isn't it in a human's nature to take risks for the sake of benefits?】
Part 6

6

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【The destination can now be observed with the naked eye. There are still things you haven't told me.】

【Why would I withhold information from you?】

【You clearly know something about the white faction that has been impeding our efforts, yet you never offered any explanation.】

【Well, you never asked.】

【I'm asking now, aren't I?】

【The first time I came across Paradeus was when I was working in Southern Europe. Back then, they were merely considered a cult. Nobody gave them a second thought - this was back in a time when cults were extremely common.】

【However, after several nasty incidents concerning this organization, people finally started noticing them.】

【An investigation revealed that both their rate of expansion and their armament were completely out of the ordinary. Rather than a cult, they are more like a terrorist organization with a political agenda.】

【Terrorists that harvest dead bodies... I'm surprised anyone would agree with and even join their cause.】

【Don't underestimate the desperation of refugees. There's a market for this kind of cheap salvation.】

【People who commit evil just to live a few days longer do not deserve sympathy. I'm more concerned about the rate at which the white faction's armament is growing. More advanced units show up every time we fight them.】

【"It's as if they're testing their weaponry on us." Is that what you're thinking?】

【What is driving them to expand their armament so quickly?】

【That's what we're here to find out.】

...

Kalina: That's all the recordings we received this time, Commander.

Kalina: Hmm...these voices all sound quite familiar, and judging from the subjects they touched on, these conversations shouldn't have taken place too long ago.

Kalina: Hopefully all this new intelligence will prove useful for our operation.
Part 7

7

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【For heaven's sake. That cost me way too much.】

【What is this?】

【A report about the incident four years ago. Most of it has been erased. I don't know who tampered with it, but it was definitely a pro.】

【I found some similar incidents. "Young Girl Responsible for Assaults in Griffin Sectors", 16 cases. Witnesses had reported seeing girls that resembled the assailant in multiple areas.】

【"The assailant who survived could not be identified. After interrogation, she was sent to..." This part got struck out. "In the other cases, the remains of the shot assailants were processed..." This also got crossed out.】

【I'm guessing the other girls were all identical.】

【They were clones?】

【If he was behind everything, he would certainly have no qualms about that. Ethics and morals mean absolutely nothing to him.】

【Only 16 cases were documented in the report; there might actually be more clones than what we know of.】

【Is it possible to track down the other clones?】

【As long as one of them comes into contact with you. The others must've been destroyed upon retrieval. Besides, this was four years ago, and Griffin has jurisdiction in many sectors.】

【...Indeed. Even back then, I thought I ran into her by pure coincidence.】

【But you're correct in suspecting otherwise. That incident was anything but a coincidence. Those clones were actually transporting something.】

【...Could they be transporting their brain?】

【That's my guess as well. But is that even possible? Why would he know you were scanning their brains?】

【He knows me too well... Also, her brain waves are very peculiar, almost structured like a Doll's neural cloud...】

【But...isn't it quite a technical challenge to digitize the human consciousness?】

【That's true...which was precisely why he was sure I would do it.】

【In the end, I still lost to myself... I've got to do something.】
Part 8

8

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【A fax?】

【Humph... That bastard Havier... What's the point in faxing me a document that's half redacted?】

【Document Number "MB-13-A"】

【Category - Unknown】

【Security Level - [Classified]】

【Source - [████]】

【We now have reason to believe that the OGAS sub-system with which "████" came into contact in the B Incident was deliberately leaked by a certain department in ██████. Justifications are as follows.】

【According to our sources in Moscow, the ████ department in question had repeatedly pushed for the research and development of secondary Relics weapon technology after the end of the war in 2050.】

【All the proposals were firmly rejected by the Central People's Committee, and ████ was sentenced for defying orders and carrying on with the project. 16 people were executed.】

【But it was an undeniable fact that despite the central government's strict prohibition, a group of high-ranking officers within ████ remained interested in the development of Relics technology.】

【Before ████ joined Sangvis Ferri Industries and interacted with the sub-system, ████ from Sangvis Ferri had signed a joint development contract with the Arms Manufacturing Department of ███████.】

【Sangvis Ferri mostly produced low-end melee weapons, so the development of such technology was essentially irrelevant to their market positioning.】

【This has led us to believe that ███████ was not a product which Sangvis Ferri could exclusively manufacture. Instead, Sangvis Ferri's identity as a civilian company was utilized to achieve ████ and ████.】

【Putting that together with the protocol address originating from the Baltic region, which appeared en masse in the Sangvis equipment that we acquired in ██████...】

【We have reason to believe that the B Incident, the death of "████", and ████'s multiple operations within the contamination zone in the Baltics after 2055 were all related.】

【We recommend increasing surveillance on ███, ███, and ████ in ████. A serious threat to national security has already arisen within ████. Swift intervention is required.】
Part 9

9

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【What is it? A call at this time? Suddenly feel like reminiscing about the past with me?】

【I'm not even half your age, so I don't think I have the right to do that.】

【Since when did a person's rights have anything to do with age? That isn't like you.】

【...How very direct of you. As you know, I've already retired. I haven't given a damn about that whole mess in ages.】

【Things really have changed. The people up there don't want to be locked in this stalemate any longer.】

【You Rossartrists...are way too naïve.】

【But this is an opportunity, and you're a patriot who will never do anything that betrays your country's interests.】

【Those brats went overboard. They have never experienced what it was like when the plague happened during the Cold War. They have to pay a very heavy price for opening a door that should never be opened.】

【If that's your stance...】

【Here's a warning. This country has seen too much bloodshed. Hatred and hostility won't be wiped away as easily as you'd think.】

【But "do not go gentle into that good night", isn't that right?】

【...】

【Even if it's just a single step, someone still has to take it. I'd much rather it's a friend than a foe.】

【Humph...well said. Before you give yourselves away, I won't stop you. But others in the Committee won't be so benevolent.】

【That's all I need to hear.】

On the train.

Kalina: Hmm... The recordings this time are rather hard to digest...

Kalina: Miss Persica, can you make any sense of it?

Persica: Dammit...

Kalina: Miss Persica?

Persica: I need to go for a bit! I have to check this room!

Kalina: Hmm? Why does she suddenly want to do that...? Eh, maybe scientists are just weirdos.
Part 10

10

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Where are you now?】

【We've already slipped through the second defense ring.】

【Sorry for only sending the two of you this time.】

【We can handle it just fine.】

【Can you observe the situation inside the base?】

【We're only seeing autonomous weaponry.】

【The Military's?】

【Unable to identify. The further we go, the worse the interference.】

【So the real party is in the basement.】

【I've obtained more detailed information about the base.】

【Well done. Send it to me.】

【External Administrative Address - Submarine Repair Bay 825, Baltic Fleet】

【Secret Administrative Region Code - Paldiski】

【Base Security Code - OKB-167】

【Pike Unit - 13】

【OGAS Network Status - System hub】

【Direct connection to "Moscow" Switchboard/Direct connection to "Starfish" Switchboard】

【Wartime Mission - Monitor and deter the Scandinavian nations on behalf of the Baltic Fleet;】

【Stockpile weaponry needed by the Northern Forces for their plans in Germany and Finland;】

【Assist the Baltic Fleet in obtaining control of the Baltic Sea and if the situation arises, undertake the mission of securing a landing field on the shores of Helsinki for the Baltic Fleet and Soviet Naval Infantry.】

【No wonder why it had to be locked up. A base like that was a thorn in literally everybody's side.】
Part 11

11

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Your plan seems to be going quite smoothly, Chief.】

【...What is it this time?】

【Griffin didn't run into much trouble in Tallinn, even the Military's armored train came to a stop a long way away.】

【Is that your way of showing concern for Griffin? By giving them a relatively easier job?】

【...】

【Yeah, I knew it was unlikely the case. The plan might look straightforward, but there are actually a lot of variables. I trust you've already investigated the coordinates provided by William?】

【Since there isn't in fact a Pike Node there, there isn't much need for us to get involved.】

【You seem to have a lot of faith in Griffin's capabilities.】

【When venturing deep into a heavily contaminated zone and heading for a base that's only accessible through a single route, if they get surrounded, their only option would be to jump into the sea.】

【If I remember correctly, it wasn't me who came up with this idea. It was you.】

【Yes, yes, you won't mobilize because the Pike Node isn't there.】

【However, the Mastermind which both you and William are so interested in has been spotted over there. I gather you're aware of that?】

【...】

【Given what happened in the Butterfly Incident, I understand why you're going to such lengths to avert suspicion.】

【If anyone brought up this whole Relics business again, the newly reconstituted negotiation would be severely hindered again.】

【But don't worry, I'll gladly do you a small favor.】

【I know you've sent her there.】

【She isn't an agent any more. Besides, it's not like you have anything against her, right?】

【William...and Lyco's legacy. I'll bring you everything that you want - while keeping the bits that I need for myself.】

【If you cross the line, I will not hesitate when giving the execution order.】

【Save that order for my old friend, if you can arrest and capture him, that is.】

【Glad to have you on board. Good luck.】
Part 12

12

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Oh, joy. I'm in such a joyful mood today.】

【Why have we stopped?】

【Why? Because you bunch of imbeciles can't do anything right, isn't that obvious?】

【Griffin is right ahead. If we don't press on, we'll be too far behind from the autonomous forces ahead.】

【I'd thought those Griffin tin cans would just drown in my network, but looks like Persica has made something interesting. The seed sown back then finally bears fruit today.】

【We will destroy Griffin with our own hands. You can mind your own business.】

【Hahahaha.】

【What's so funny...】

【You're just a low-ranking officer. Normally I would've properly reminded you the importance of being respectful to me.】

【But since I'm in such a good mood, I'll let that slide just this once... You'd better be grateful for my generosity.】

【Tsk...】

【Since I already have what I want, go forth and kill to your heart's content! Raze Tallinn to the ground and let our enemies burn in hell!】

【Go, and don't disappoint me again! Hehehe, I look forward to a glorious bloodbath!】

On the train.

Kalina: This recording isn't even encrypted! It's a warning for us! I remember that voice...

Commander: The troublesome guest is finally here...

Commander: Mobilize all the echelons that we're still in contact with. We must defend our train with our lives before M4 gets the authorizations of the quarantine wall!

Kalina: But most of our echelons aren't responding... Hmm, what's this incoming transmission?

M4A1: Sorry... I should've got in touch earlier. We're fine here.

M4A1: I've already figured out a way to open the quarantine wall, but we still need some time.

The Military is catching up to us. We have to set up our defenses again.

M4A1: Understood. The AR Team will be leading the other echelons back to the train. Please hold on until then!

Kalina: Is it my imagination, or has M4 changed...?

Commander: She must've been through something. Let's make it through the night and talk to her about it.
Part 13

13

...

The audio recording starts playing.

The voices are muffled by the strong wind. We can just barely make out the words.

Click.

【Sheesh, what a drag. We've been spending so much time looking for that node thingy, and we have to keep producing upgraded autonomous weaponry. That's asking for too much.】

【Haven't you just been hanging around in the air and watching us work ourselves to death?!】

【Nonsense. I've been carefully carrying Agent's order and watching over our Lady Elisa, you know.】

【You were certainly watching, but that's hardly "watching over".】

【Even if we want to draw closer, a certain Doll isn't giving us the chance.】

【Argh...this is so BORING... What even is the point of our existence...?】

【Perhaps you'd be happier fighting Griffin as a mechanical dog?】

【Don't bring that up!】

【Heheh, you've never been killed like Agent was, so count yourself lucky. Who knows? It might be your turn next time.】

【Don't...don't be ridiculous. All our bodies have been recovered. This time Mastermind will certainly defeat all the bad guys who want to bully us!】

【Such as?】

【Such as...Griffin? And those green-skinned bastards...?】

【You're totally clueless... Heheh, but that's precisely why I like you so much.】

【What the hell...? That doesn't make me feel happy at all...】

【Then be a good girl and finish your job. I believe we'll get to meet our old friends very soon.】
Part 14

14

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【It appears that Griffin has passed through Tallinn.】

【On a hijacked armored train, no less. Someone's face must be quite the sight right now.】

【They won't be much of a threat with just a single train. The latest surveillance report is ready.】

【The standard four-level protection system. It would be difficult to penetrate with that level of firepower.】

【Unless the Griffin Commander crashes the train right into it.】

【I don't know about anybody else, but this Commander might go ahead and do just that.】

【That's true. I don't care as long as we won't suffer any casualties.】

【Humph...】

【Still no news from those who've gone in?】

【There's EM interference. The signal has been jammed since they entered the base.】

【Tsk... Honestly, who would believe this is an abandoned base?】

【I never counted on the traitor. It would benefit everyone if she just disappeared in the base for good.】

【Indeed. The train that's been keeping a safe distance away from Griffin has just passed through Tallinn as well.】

【What a bunch of cowards. Keep up the surveillance and send a team to Tallinn.】

【Roger that. I'll deploy the demolition team.】

【Have them bring more explosives. Make sure no one comes out of that damn base alive.】
Part 15

    15chevron_right

In Griffin's temporary command center.

Kalina: Many people have their eyes on us...

That's why we also need more information.

Click.

Kalina: New intel?

Havier: Oh, it actually got through.

Kalina: Whoa! How come the comms just activated itself?!

Havier: What's the matter? Have you been up to something no good?

Kalina: We were just startled by your sudden forced transmission, Mr Havier!

Havier: Sorry about that. Allow me to first congratulate you on making it out of Tallinn in one piece.

Havier: We'd expected as much, but everyone is still very pleased with the outcome.

I doubt you called just to thank us for our work.

Havier: I know this is a bit abrupt, but don't worry, it just shows that he does like you.

Havier: Since we're already speaking, I might as well offer a little piece of advice.

Please do.

Havier: I know you went ahead and agreed to Persica's request, so I'll save you the boredom of listening to more platitude.

Havier: However, I strongly suggest you don't let Statesec know about what Persica's AR Team brought back.

Havier: That thing...could save your life at a desperate moment, but it could also cost you your life just when you think you're safe.

...

Havier: That's it. I won't intrude upon you any longer. I hope your usual luck will persist through the rest of your journey, and I look forward to meeting you in person...

Havier: ...If you can make it back alive, that is.

【Shattered Connexion - END】

...

AK-12: How unsightly.

AK-12: The Griffin forces have all withdrawn. She won't survive if we leave her here.

AK-12: ...What do you think?

Familiar voice of a T-Doll: Angelia didn't ask us to take her in.

Familiar voice of a T-Doll: You said yourself that our job this time is to observe. We can't get involved until new orders come.

AK-12: Even if she dies...? Are you really okay with that?

Familiar voice of a T-Doll: Orders are orders. T-Dolls can't disobey.

AK-12: I know you can, and so do you.

Familiar voice of a T-Doll: ...

Familiar voice of a T-Doll: Are you abetting me in breaking the rules?

AK-12: I remember you're quite famous for disobeying orders.

AK-12: Well, do indulge my curiosity.

Familiar voice of a T-Doll: You're right.

Familiar voice of a T-Doll: I suppose no one would bat an eye no matter what I do on a team with such a name.

Familiar voice of a T-Doll: Then here's a question, AK-12... Is Task Force DEFY hiring?

AK-12: Humph, sly old fox...

AK-12: We actually do have an opening.

...

AK-12: In that case, DEFY will welcome its second temporary member.

AK-12: Don't let her drag us down, because this team...

AK-12: Well, it's made up of brand new, elite Doll models.

...35 minutes ago.

Current time is 1600 hours.

AK-12: It's no different from an actual battlefield at this point...

AK-12: I honestly couldn't imagine that a PMC could cause such a huge disturbance, just going by the data we received.

AK-12: But this ought to be a good thing, right? At the very least, it'll be easier for us to take action.

AK-12: Ah, it's time.

AK-12: Now then...

AK-12: Guess it's time for us to make our entrance.

AK-12: Ange, this is about the situation just now.

AK-12: We've confirmed that a team of human soldiers attacked the safe house where our target M4A1 was located.

AK-12: The exact casualty status of Griffin is unknown, but we can be sure that M4A1 herself was left in place.

AK-12: This is very strange, do you know why they would do that?

Ange: There's nothing strange about that. They must have their own agenda.

Ange: What about the disconnection procedure I had you execute?

AK-12: I've verified its completion, though it's a bit...flawed.

AK-12: The Doll M4A1 seems to be the center of attention for both sides. Is it alright to not recover her?

Ange: Let AR-15 decide. She knows what to do.

AK-12: You do know your old subordinates well.

Ange: You sound jealous.

AK-12: Don't say I didn't warn you. Excessive self-confidence is an undesirable trait in commanders.

Ange: Oh, I know that better than anyone else.

...The transmission ends.

AK-12: Yet another troublesome day, and I can't help but worry...

AK-12: Laws, systems, orders...why do humans have to live like Dolls?

AK-12: Have you thought about that question before...

AK-12: ...AR-15?

ST AR-15: ...I'm prepping my gear. Leave me alone.

AK-12: Oh? And where are you going all by yourself?

ST AR-15: Do you have to ask about everything I do? Ange authorized me to act independently, didn't she?

AK-12: Are you sure you want to go at it alone? You've still got Parapluie in you now, right?

AK-12: While it hasn't completely spread throughout your neural cloud, all your external connection functions have been locked down to avoid further contagion.

ST AR-15: So?

AK-12: Which means, you can't control dummies and you can't sync information on battlefield conditions with us. I trust I don't need to explain the implications of that.

ST AR-15: Indeed, I can't access the Zener Network, but I can still use the radio to establish basic comms.

ST AR-15: That's good enough for me. I'm best suited to working alone.

AK-12: I'm simply worried that you'll regret working alone afterwards.

ST AR-15: ...I never regret anything.

AK-12: There's often a price to be paid for speaking in absolutes. Don't you want to hear about the new mission that Ange handed down?

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: I'll hear you out for now.

AK-12: Ange wants us to rescue M4A1.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Are...are you doing this on purpose?

AK-12: On purpose? Whatever could you mean?

ST AR-15: Tsk...

ST AR-15: I don't believe you. This contradicts the initial plan.

AK-12: Plans change. Just like your destiny.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Then let's head out.

AK-12: Not planning to go alone anymore?

ST AR-15: Do you enjoy mocking others so much?

AK-12: Haha, not under most circumstances, but your reactions are just too amusing.

ST AR-15: There's still some distance from here to M4A1. What do you intend to do?

AK-12: I'll hail a drone cab, and then we'll have a nice comfy ride to our stop. Sounds good?

AK-12: Give me a break, of course we're going on foot.

ST AR-15: Just the two of us, fighting our way there?

AK-12: There are a lot of surviving Griffin T-Dolls along the way. All we have to do is recover them and temporarily overwrite their directives. That ought to be enough.

AK-12: Well? Surely you'd want to help out your old war buddies, right?

ST AR-15: I don't care.

ST AR-15: But there's no denying that it's the best shot we've got, so let's head out.

...

??: M4...

??: ...

??: M4A1...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I... Where am I...

M4A1: ...!

M4A1: This...

M4A1: A...AR...

ST AR-15: Don't squirm.

ST AR-15: You're really heavy.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Is that...really you?

ST AR-15: Don't move your head. Hearing my voice should be enough, right?

M4A1: Why...

M4A1: ...I don't believe it!

M4A1: AR-15... You...you're alive?!

ST AR-15: Let's get out of here first. I'll explain it to you afterward.

M4A1: But why... Why did you show up here and now...

ST AR-15: I have a mission of my own. Running into you was simply a coincidence.

ST AR-15: But...I guess it's not a bad thing.

M4A1: Put me down, I'll walk on my own.

ST AR-15: I wouldn't need to carry you if you could walk.

M4A1: ...?!

M4A1: My body...is not responding...?

ST AR-15: If you want to blame someone for it, she's standing beside me...

ST AR-15: Something went wrong when she disconnected you. It caused slight damage to your neural module, so your ability to move has been temporarily restricted.

AK-12: Da, da, it's kind of my fault, which is why I'm carrying this case for you.

AK-12: Still, it's also your own people's fault for installing such sophisticated modules in an outdated T-Doll, right?

M4A1: That's... Whose voice is that?

AK-12: Tactical Doll AK-12, from Task Force DEFY.

M4A1: DEFY...? What do you do?

M4A1: AR-15, are you one of them now?

ST AR-15: I've got a new employer. Don't really have much choice in the matter.

ST AR-15: Her name's Angelia. You've met her before.

M4A1: Ange...lia...?

M4A1: ...You mean the woman who helped me enter the combat zone?

M4A1: How about the others?

M4A1: What about SOP-II...and RO?

ST AR-15: ...Now's not the time to think about them. Sangvis elites are still around.

ST AR-15: Focus on what's in front of you, keep quiet, and fall back with me.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: SOP-II...

M4A1: RO...

M4A1: I...remember...

M4A1: I saw RO and...

M4A1: No! I can't...I can't leave them behind!

M4A1: Put me down! Let me go back!

ST AR-15: Keep still! In your current condition, S.F. will capture you before you can take more than a few steps if I let you go!

M4A1: And whose fault is it that I'm like this?!

ST AR-15: We had no choice but to sever your Level II connection in order to break the link between you and the people monitoring you.

M4A1: The people monitoring me?

M4A1: ...Who? Who's monitoring me?

ST AR-15: Did you really think Sangvis Ferri was our only enemy?

M4A1: What...What exactly is going on...

M4A1: Isn't Griffin's mission...to wipe out Sangvis Ferri...?

M4A1: I...I abandoned my teammates and my objective...

ST AR-15: Whatever you want to do, get some rest first.

ST AR-15: We'll give you the power you want after that...

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: M4?

AK-12: There was too much strain on her neural cloud. She couldn't sustain her Level I surface consciousness.

ST AR-15: What a mess...

ST AR-15: Go on, AK-12. Tell me what you found on the scene...

AK-12: Nothing but bad news.

AK-12: First off, M4 SOPMOD II's missing. I'm certain she's not in the vicinity, and there were no clues around which could tell us about her current status.

ST AR-15: ...

AK-12: Was I too direct?

ST AR-15: Better to be more direct...

ST AR-15: How about RO? I saw her...

...AK-12 sighs.

AK-12: RO635 has completely ceased to function, so...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: I...I won't forgive them for this.

ST AR-15: Also, about what I said regarding the recovery of the fallen Dolls' neural module...

AK-12: RO635's was completely removed.

AK-12: I'm certain it happened after she was killed.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Could this be good news...

AK-12: Look on the bright side. Maybe SOP-II avoided the ambush and left with RO's neural module.

AK-12: Would you be satisfied with that answer?

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: I would very much like to assume that is the case.

AK-12: Naturally, I'd advise you against having that idea, lest you end up disappointed.

AK-12: But this is no time to think about others.

AK-12: There are two S.F. squads around us, at 11 o'clock and five o'clock respectively. The terrain nearby is such a mess so we can't go around them. We'll probably have to take them out.

ST AR-15: Can you really scout the battlefield while making small talk?

AK-12: Are you looking down on me, or overestimating yourself?

ST AR-15: Neither. We'll let the results of the battle speak for themselves.

ST AR-15: (M4...if you knew the state the AR Team was in...)

ST AR-15: (What...would you do?)

...

AK-12: Ange, we've recovered M4A1. Any instructions for our next move?

Ange: Looks like AR-15 has really been dragging you around on a leash.

AK-12: Well, you were the one who ordered me to abide by AR-15's judgment.

AK-12: Also, I was simply curious about our new member's decision-making and responses.

AK-12: Since everyone now wants a piece of M4A1, I'm sure getting our hands on her is the right thing to do.

Ange: That's not all M4A1 is worth. In any case, you both did very well.

Ange: How's the situation on your end?

AK-12: S.F.'s main forces are making a frenzied breakthrough towards Area S09 at high speed. I think things are really going to get seriously out of hand this time.

Ange: Got it. I've just given you new instructions. Carry them out ASAP and stay safe.

AK-12: Eh? These two requirements are contradictory—

...Click.

Ange terminates the transmission.

Ange: Here's our chance. We'll use this opportunity to penetrate S.F.'s main fortress. We'd best move as quickly as possible.

Ange: Are you back yet, AN-94?

AN-94: Awaiting your orders, Commander.

Ange: Thanks for the hard work. Give me a quick summary of Parapluie's transmission speed and its coverage.

AN-94: Parapluie's current transmission speed has reached its theoretical upper limit.

AN-94: That is because the Military's main forces have already pulled out, and the anti-jamming equipment they installed has shut down with their departure.

Ange: Looks like they really want to exterminate every last trace of Griffin...

AN-94: Also, some unexpected good news.

AN-94: They actually used a server from the Western Theatre HQ to build a Level II layer in order to provide computational support against S.F.

AN-94: It is still currently directly connected to the forward command terminal on this battlefield and unprotected by any firewalls.

AN-94: Do you want to make use of this opportunity? I suggest that we can first...

Ange: Oh? Looks like those old geezers got careless. Search through all the data in the server immediately using the keyword "OGAS"!

Ange: Oh yes, also include the names of all the officers who might be taking part in this operation!

AN-94: As hard-charging as ever?

Ange: Why else would they have issued me cutting-edge T-Dolls like yourself, if not because of that? Hurry up already.

AN-94: A moment please. There is too much redundant data. I need to clear them out.

...Five minutes later.

AN-94: Search complete, Ange. I have two pieces of information which will interest you.

AN-94: One of them is a Soviet Union operational report dating back from 2032, concerning the OGAS facility.

AN-94: The other is an excavation record connected to OGAS, detailing the unearthing of the small Relic site OKB-413 near Minsk.

Ange: A small...Relic site?

...Ange stares intently at the monitor.

Ange: So the information WAS correct after all. What...what they're after is incredible...

Ange: Don't tell me...OGAS was originally designed to...

AN-94: Now's not the time to take your time browsing. Parapluie is spreading rapidly, and this is very bad for us.

Ange: Indeed...we can't let S.F. keep expanding...

Ange: (Mutters to herself) Is this... could this be a namelist of the personnel from that operation in 32?

Ange: Carter and...Witkin?

AN-94: Please look up and answer me.

Ange: Aren't you capable of electronic warfare? Help me sort this out. Use the abandoned Dolls near point A as temporary shields for us.

AN-94: I can use the computational power of the abandoned Dolls on the battlefield to counteract the spread of Parapluie.

AN-94: However, a connection of that scale requires a great deal of computational space. I will need to enter Level II.

Ange: Got it. I'll leave it all to you.

AN-94: Are you paying attention? While my consciousness is in Level II, you will be unprotected.

...Ange looks up.

Ange: What, do you think I need protecting?
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

...

AN-94: Ange, I'm going to start hacking after this, but I still need your help.

AN-94: Signal jamming on the battlefield is very severe. I'll only be able to transmit successfully if you can maintain control on the surrounding radar comm stations.

Ange: So you'll be able to control the military units as long as we maintain control over the radar station, am I right?

AN-94: Yes, but I might get disconnected from time to time as the current situation is...

Ange: Very bad...I know.

Ange: So we might lose control over the military units every now and then, right? I'll prepare a solution for that ahead of time.

Ange: In any case, I'll take care of the radar stations. Just focus on taking down those big bruisers from the Military.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

After the battle ends...

AN-94: The computational power of those Dolls has been fully exhausted. If this keeps up, Parapluie might begin to break through my passive barriers.

Ange: Close the connection. I've seen enough. Thank you for your hard work.

AN-94: Understood.

Ange: There's a comms station near point A.

AN-94: Yes, we've been there before.

Ange: That's right. I need to use that comms station and the satellite communications equipment that we set up previously to contact someone on the outside.

Ange: Can you do that?

AN-94: I will.

...Click.

AN-94 disconnects.

Ange: The OGAS system...

Ange: It was originally designed by the Soviets as a ternary logic-based automated management system for the entire nation...

Ange: Now it's been simplified into the base protocol for controlling Sangvis AIs...

Ange: But is that really the case?

...

...Click.

Ange uses the comms station's equipment to send a transmission to the outside world.

Ange: ...Is that so?

Ange: Griffin's shifting towards Area S11?

Ange: I see it, it's a total mess over here.

Ange: ...There, I was right. The Military's going to use this as an excuse to openly enter the battlefield and restore order.

Ange: I know, that's just their excuse. Even now they're reorganizing their troops on the outskirts.

Ange: Once their main forces mobilize and intervene, we'll have no chance of stopping them at all.

Ange: Yes. I'll do my best to slow them down, but I can't hold on for long without support.

Ange: Eh...having our support troops standing by at the perimeter won't solve anything...I guess you know what they want to do...

Ange: I understand. I completely understand your concerns, Chief. I'll do my best to buy you time.

Ange: However, if the worst comes to the worst, I hope you will approve the plan I laid out earlier.

Ange: I understand, it's a very radical solution, but if...

Ange: Yes, yes, I'll wait for approval. I'll do my best to ensure it does not come to that.

...Transmission terminated.

Ange: Looks like it's time to go all-out now...

Ange: Hmm...I hope they're still alive.

...Click.

A transmission connects over an encrypted channel.

UMP45: Guten Tag. Have you missed me?

...

Ange: Nothing good ever happens when I think of you.

Ange: What about the "file"?

UMP45: Heheh, do you need to ask?

Ange: If it's been settled, then hurry back.

UMP45: We ran into a bit of trouble.

UMP45: Did you know? We caught up with Griffin's exodus by coincidence, so we helped them out a little.

Ange: Sier's told me all about how you love engineering these coincidences.

Ange: Alright, make a note of the people you saved and I'll help you get paid for it, assuming Griffin's still around after all this.

UMP45: If Griffin doesn't pay up, then please cough the money up from your own account.

Ange: Providing that I, the owner of the account, survive this mission.

UMP45: So, can you tell me the reason you're thinking of me?

UMP45: A new lead.

UMP45: Find a way to move to Rendezvous Point C, which I've just marked out for you. Run a scan on the local database.

UMP45: Hey, have you seen the battlefield map? Are you trying to kill us so you can welch on your debt?

Ange: Your payment will be information concerning the true mastermind behind the Butterfly Incident. Am I making myself clear?

...

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Have you already dug so deep?

Ange: I'm a pro in this field.

Ange: Also, send the "file" to Sier with the drone.

UMP45: Aren't you going to hand it to Miss Persica directly?

Ange: I will, but she's just a interpreter.

Ange: After all...she's not the only one who truly needs this file.

...Click.

AN-94: I've received a comms request from AK-12. She's broadcasting in clear. Shall I put her through?

Ange: Oi, didn't I tell her not to do stupid things like that with Parapluie around...

AN-94: If I devote all my neural capacity to defense, I can hold the connection under the Parapluie virus interference for 10 seconds.

Ange: Do it.

AK-12: Ange, are you listening?

Ange: I'm here. You should have received your mission. Gather at point β.

AK-12: While this really isn't the best timing, uh...

AK-12: Well...we kinda ran into some trouble.

ST AR-15: Just get to the point!

ST AR-15: Ange, we're pinned down by Sangvis' main forces and we need support!

...Pssst...pssst...

Ange: Don't expose yourselves for too long! Hang on until we can get there!

ST AR-15: Ange, another thing—

...Psst...pssst...

Ange: And what is M4A1's condition?

Ange: AR-15?

...

Ange: AR-15? AK-12?

Ange: Tsk, goddammit...

AN-94: Ugh...Ange...

AN-94: I'm sorry, that was my limit.

AN-94: I...I should have been able to do better...

Ange: You've already done very well for a combat-type. AK-12 and AR-15 are currently pinned down by the Sangvis main force.

AN-94: Your orders, then; are we going to rescue them?

Ange: Correct. Prepare to have AK-12 owe you one.

AN-94: This has nothing to do with owing anyone anything. It is my duty to keep her safe.

Ange: (Shrugs) Whatever works, as long as you're happy.

AN-94: I managed to glean some data on the enemy forces within the area during the previous scan. This is the map of the combat zone where Task Force DEFY is currently located.

AN-94: There will be many enemies along our axis of advance and there is an elite ringleader among the Sangvis forces surrounding AK-12.

Ange: Executioner...So even a Sangvis unit like that is insanely powerful, huh?

AN-94: In any case, breaking through will not be easy.

Ange: So...do you want me to abandon AK-12 and AR-15?

AN-94: You have but to give an order and I will fulfil it with all my might.

Ange: Then let's head out! They're waiting for us!

...The battle ends.

Ange: Phew...is it settled?

AN-94: It cost us heavily, but I think we secured the rendezvous route.

Ange: Not just "you think". You HAVE done it.

Ange: Look at the three over there.

M4A1: ...

AK-12: Nice work, AN94.

AN-94: ...It's nothing. It is the least I could do.

ST AR-15: Ange, you actually came over in person.

Ange: That's right, I'm a good boss who doesn't balk at risking her life to protect her people. How about some thanks?

ST AR-15: (Sighs) That's just like you, and who am I to say anything about it?

ST AR-15: Anyway, here's our new member, as you wanted.

Ange: ...

Ange: Looking good. It seems the final neural upgrade went very well...

Ange: Didn't it, M4A1?

M4A1: ...How do you do, Miss Ange.

M4A1: I am M4A1, awaiting your orders.

...

ST AR-15: AK-12, you haven't forgotten your own specialty, have you?

AK-12: Which one are you referring to?

ST AR-15: We'll need to deal with those military units if we want to pass through here. The best way is to assume direct control over them.

AK-12: It's possible, given the present circumstances. But I'll need some help for this.

AK-12: See those radar stations there? I need you to capture them so I can hack into the military units.

ST AR-15: Those radar stations, huh...Got it, I'll inform M4A1.

AK-12: Also, I can't tell exactly which military units I'll be able to reach from any particular radar station. It's all a matter of luck.

ST AR-15: Beggars can't be choosers. Leave the radar stations to us. You take care of the rest.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

AK-12: ....

AK-12: There's another detachment 1700m ahead and to the right, heading right for us.

AK-12: Oh dear...S.F. has blocked our path in three directions now. Could this be a coincidence?

ST AR-15: There's only one explanation for how Sangvis Ferri has been tracking our position—

M4A1: It's my fault again, right?

ST AR-15: This is precisely why we have to take you away.

AK-12: We've entered firing range of that Sangvis squad in the rear, and they're opening fire.

AK-12: Those trash are too lazy to even do proper recon.

ST AR-15: They're simply acting according to preset orders. I'm guessing Mastermind has her hands full at the moment.

AK-12: So that's all there is to Mastermind's computational capacity, huh. I was hoping Sangvis Ferri would put more effort in countering the Military.

AK-12: That said, this isn't good news for us either.

ST AR-15: ...I'm beginning to wonder why I took this mission.

ST AR-15: It's like trying to avoid moths while carrying a lamp. Really asking for it, you know. Is there any cover nearby?

M4A1: Like I said...

M4A1: Why did you come back...?

AK-12: Now's not the time to look for cover, AR-15. The Sangvis units from 11 o'clock are almost here.

M4A1: If you really think I'm a burden, then all you have to do is dump me here!

M4A1: Put me down, AR-15! Let me look for SOP-II and RO!

ST AR-15: ...Would you mind not freaking out all the time?

ST AR-15: Wait a while longer. When I can't hold on any more, you'll get your way.

ST AR-15: But right now, I don't want to waste my efforts.

AK-12: We need to get clear. There's some open space up ahead; the Military had a big battle there just now.

AK-12: Prepare to race through the wrecks, but if you're even the least bit careless, you'll be joining them.

M4A1: Put me down, AR-15!

M4A1: I don't...I don't want you to die for me again, so put me down!

ST AR-15: Put a sock in it. Of course I'll drop you if I can't run fast enough to save myself!

ST AR-15: AK-12, how much longer before that third Sangvis detachment catches up?

AK-12: Around 10 minutes?

AK-12: I figure their plan is to surround us here. Simple and crude...

ST AR-15: ...But it's effective.

ST AR-15: Let's say everything's as you predicted. You've got a way of dealing with them, right?

AK-12: And what if I said...no?

ST AR-15: Then you'll die a very humiliating death here.

ST AR-15: And I know that while you don't really mind the part about being dead, you can't stand being humiliated.

ST AR-15: So let's have it, before they punch through the cover behind us.

AK-12: Ah...

AK-12: Ange told me you were old-fashioned and stubborn, so I was prepared to go on an op with a Dummy.

AK-12: But you make the most interesting faces. I'm curious about you all over again, AR-15.

ST AR-15: That doesn't sound good...So, what do you plan to do?

AK-12: The Sangvis units chasing us are already gathered here. So we'll wipe them all out in one shot.

ST AR-15: With just the two of us?

AK-12: I'd be enough by myself, but I wouldn't mind you firing from the side to add to the fun.

AK-12: AN-94 is more suited for such brutish ways of fighting, so I'd rather borrow some of the military units.

M4A1: You're going to...force a connection?

M4A1: But...the strain on your neural cloud...

AK-12: Don't judge me by your standards, Miss M4A1.

AK-12: Hmm... While these military units would be punched through soon if we kept using them as cover, they'd be enough to deal with those Sangvis forces once I can get them moving.

...Click, click—

...Beep, beep, beep.

...Whirrr—!

Military unit: ...Authentication complete. Awaiting orders.

M4A1: How did you do that...? That was incredibly quick.

AK-12: Dear me, I'm not some random civilian Doll haphazardly modified with an Imprint.

AK-12: Being praised for something so obvious kinda bothers me.

ST AR-15: Then couldn't you have done this earlier?! Or did you want to watch me run myself into the ground?!

AK-12: Forcing a connection is really tiring, you know? Besides, we hadn't gotten into the middle of these hunks of junk back then.

AK-12: Still, now that it's done, I'll sweep away these Sangvis forces to buy us some time and use the rest to make up for screwing up on M4.

M4A1: Eh?

ST AR-15: Make up?

AK-12: Oh yes, making up. Just like I did with you.

ST AR-15: You mean...you've got Level II debugging equipment with you?

AK-12: Well, I AM an electronic warfare specialist. Obviously I'd have that stuff inside me.

AK-12: If there's enough time, then we should get started once we fall back to a safe zone.

M4A1: What...what are you talking about?

ST AR-15: Don't you want to run on your own two legs? It's time to repair you.

ST AR-15: And add a few things while we're at it...

M4A1: Add? Add what?

ST AR-15: You'll become...like me.

ST AR-15: Stronger, less restrained, but also wilder...

ST AR-15: This is where all the misfortunes of being a Doll begin.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: What on earth...do you mean?

...After the battle, inside the safe house.

AK-12: I can't believe your neural cloud is in such a mess from just a simple disconnection...

AK-12: It's too fragile, even for an older Doll model...

M4A1: I'm sorry, but will fixing it take a long time?

AK-12: It'll be fine once I run a few repair programs on the equipment.

AK-12: Since we have time, I should probably perform an upgrade on you with the gear we have on hand.

M4A1: An upgrade? Is that necessary?

M4A1: A repair will be enough. If you randomly poke around with an upgrade...

AK-12: This is an order, so be obedient.

AK-12: Lie down and be still. You have a lot of unused ports, so it won't take long.

M4A1: Alright...thank you, Miss AK-12.

AK-12: Calling me "Miss" sounds so stiff. Try "Big Sis AK12".

M4A1: Big...Big Sis?

AK-12: Nah, it doesn't sound cute at all. Forget it...

AK-12: Objectively speaking, it's never bad to have more helpers. I won't have to keep listening to AR-15 complain if I have a more reliable Doll to help on ops...

ST AR-15: And whose fault is it that I'm complaining...

AK-12: Hmm, you've...got a surprising amount of spare capacity in your neural cloud.

AK-12: I take back what I said earlier about you being a civilian Doll haphazardly modified with an Imprint. After all, a lot of the parts you're using are Military-spec.

M4A1: Is...is that so...

AK-12: No wonder Ange has her eye on you.

AK-12: Now keep still. I'm gonna help you use up all that idle capacity of yours. Just leave everything to me and use this time to have a nice little heart-to-heart with AR-15. I don't mind if you talk about private stuff.

ST AR-15: "I don't mind" my butt...More like "I'm dying to listen in on private stuff."

AK-12: I never said that~

...AK-12 begins the upgrading work with clicks and clacks.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...AR-15.

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: Apart from us...and RO and SOP-II...

M4A1: ...How are...the Commander...and the other Dolls doing now?

AR-15 hesitates for a moment.

ST AR-15: It's none of our business...

ST AR-15: They should have withdrawn, according to what AK-12 said the last time she mentioned them.

M4A1: Have they withdrawn safely?

AK-12: How shall I put it...? Given the situation, they probably would have taken heavy losses.

AK-12: Even from an optimistic guess...

M4A1: As I thought...

M4A1: Those Sangvis scum!

M4A1: It's all Mastermind's fault...She tricked me...and because of her, everyone's...

M4A1: I won't forgive them for this! I will never forgive them!!

AK-12: ...

...AK-12 glances over to AR-15, who sighs.

ST AR-15: M4A1...

ST AR-15: I'm going to tell you the truth, but you have to stay calm.

M4A1: What?

ST AR-15: The culprit behind Griffin's defeat in this operation is not Sangvis Ferri, but the Military.

ST AR-15: From the start...it has always been a military conspiracy.

M4A1: What...are you saying?

M4A1: But we were clearly...

ST AR-15: I know you're very confused, M4A1, but this is the truth.

ST AR-15: SOP-II...and RO... It was the work of the Military.

M4A1: The Military...

M4A1: No, I don't get it...Why...

M4A1: Wasn't the Military behind the entire operation...? Shouldn't they be...against Sangvis Ferri...?

M4A1: Why...did they...do that to RO...? Just who exactly did it? Was it really someone from the Military?!

AK-12: A squad of humans from the Military killed them. That much is obvious from the bullet holes and the debris they left behind.

AK-12: Of course, they'll cover it up by saying they were "getting rid of out-of-control Dolls".

ST AR-15: M4A1, do you know a Captain Yegor?

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: He's the mastermind and culprit behind the attack on all of you.

ST AR-15: I believe he personally shot RO635.

M4A1: Yegor? No, how could this be...Isn't he...

ST AR-15: M4A1, Yegor is the one who set up the AR Team. That much is certain.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Yegor's the murderer...

AK-12: Are you afraid? The target of your revenge is an enemy that's much, much scarier than Sangvis Ferri.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: If that's really true...

M4A1: Then it doesn't matter who they are. Whether they're Dolls...or humans...

M4A1: I will kill them with my own two hands. I swear it.

AK-12: Oh my, this isn't a declaration that a normal Doll would make.

AK-12: Anyway, the upgrade's almost complete. Don't go running off after it's done. Listen to AR-15's orders, okay?

ST AR-15: M4A1, our mission is to determine the motive behind this military operation.

ST AR-15: Join us once everything is ready. You'll get your answers.

M4A1: Join your team?

AK-12: We're called DEFY. Do you like the name?

M4A1: I'm in, as long as I can avenge RO635 and SOP-II.

M4A1: I will obey orders from you and Ange until I achieve my objective.

...The breakthrough is in progress.

ST AR-15: Are you really okay with letting her handle these enemies by herself?

AK-12: Since Ange thinks it's fine, I have no problem with it.

AK-12: Didn't you use to be on the same team? Shouldn't you know her better?

ST AR-15: That's why I'm worried about her...

ST AR-15: You, on the other hand...are way too blasé about this.

AK-12: A T-Doll ought to act like a T-Doll. If I had to worry about everything, then why would we need humans?

AK-12: Ah, she's back.

...M4A1 walks over.

M4A1: All enemies exterminated. We can move on to the next objective.

AK-12: Your performance after the repairs is pretty good.

AK-12: But don't push yourself too hard. It would be a shame if you were to break again just after you got fixed.

M4A1: My body feels very light now...Both my aiming speed and mobility have improved tremendously...Your skills are amazing, AK-12.

AK-12: I'm not one to get happy from praises.

AK-12: I'm worried that your neural cloud hasn't fully adapted to the newly-installed components.

AK-12: What are we going to do if overusing them leads to incompatibility issues, and your neural cloud breaks down? Not to mention, I heard you...

M4A1: It only needs to last until I can personally destroy my target. That won't take long.

ST AR-15: M4A1, do you know the difference between riding a horse and a camel through the desert?

M4A1: What is this, Chicken Soup for the Soul time?

ST AR-15: Horses show signs of exhaustion as they move on, whereas camels will just keel over and strand people in the desert.

ST AR-15: Whether or not this story is true, you know what I'm getting at, right?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I'll inform you of any abnormalities in my neural cloud.

M4A1: My turn, AR-15. Aren't you...going to tell me about it?

ST AR-15: Tell you about what?

M4A1: About how you're still alive, of course.

ST AR-15: Now's not the time to reminisce about the past.

AK-12: M4, if you're concerned about the Parapluie virus in AR-15, that's not necessary for the time being.

ST AR-15: Shut up, AK-12. If you say any more, I'll—

...BOOM!

...Nobody can hear each other speak for a few seconds after that.

...Boom! Boom!

Dirt, trees and wreckage are all swept into the sky.

ST AR-15: (Coughs)

ST AR-15: M4, are you alright?!

M4A1: I'm fine, the cover's still intact!

AK-12: AR-15, do your surroundings explode when you get mad?

ST AR-15: Stop pulling my leg! That was artillery fire from S.F.'s main forces! We've been spotted!

AK-12: Judging from the signals, there's a super dangerous S.F. unit approaching.

AK-12: We might not be able to handle her with our present numbers.

M4A1: The enemy's vanguard is coming! Prepare to fight them off!

ST AR-15: AK-12, contact Ange immediately!

AK-12: Eh? Shouldn't you try throwing yourself at the enemy first or whatever?

ST AR-15: They've got heavy weapons. How are we supposed to defeat them?!

AK-12: Fine, fine. I've got to broadcast in clear. There's no alternative.

AK-12: Ange, are you listening?

Ange: I'm here. You should have received your mission. Gather at point β.

AK-12: While this really isn't the best timing, uh...

AK-12: Well...we kinda ran into some trouble.

ST AR-15: Just get to the point!

ST AR-15: Ange, we're pinned down by Sangvis' main forces and we need support!

AK-12: Stop shouting into my ear! Don't you have a radio of your own?!

...Pssst...pssst...

Ange: Don't expose yourselves for too long! Hang on until we can get there!

ST AR-15: Ange, another thing—

...Psst...pssst...

AK-12: Ah, the transmission cut out.

AK-12: I guess handling ECM is hard for AN94 after all...

AK-12: Still, she and Ange should have our coordinates now. We just need to hunker down here and wait for them to rescue us!

ST AR-15: Roger!

ST AR-15: M4, come with me to fight off the enemy!

ST AR-15: Hold out until Ange gets here!

...The battle ends.

ST AR-15: M4, that's enough. Those are friendlies up ahead.

ST AR-15: They're members of Task Force DEFY, Ange and AN-94.

M4A1: ...

AK-12: Nice work, AN-94.

AN-94: ...It's nothing. It is the least I could do.

ST AR-15: Ange, you actually came over in person.

Angelia: That's right, I'm a good boss who doesn't balk at risking her life to protect her people. How about some thanks?

ST AR-15: (Sighs) That's just like you, and who am I to say anything about it?

ST AR-15: Anyway, here's our new member, as you wanted.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Looking good. It seems the final neural upgrade went very well...

Angelia: Didn't it, M4A1?

M4A1: ...How do you do, Miss Ange.

M4A1: I am M4A1, awaiting your orders.

Angelia: No need to be so formal, you're one of us already.

M4A1: I am very grateful for the help you gave me earlier.

Angelia: That's fine. What matters is that you're safe, otherwise someone would yell at me.

Angelia: Also...

Ange glances at the case left behind by M16, currently on M4A1's back.

Angelia: ...So you actually brought this thing over.

M4A1: Miss Ange, what's inside this case?

Angelia: ...Do you want to know?

M4A1: Yes, but I can't open it, no matter what I do.

Angelia: Well, of course you can't open it. That's simply because you're mistaken about its nature.

Ange takes the case from M4A1.

She presses her thumb to the biometric scanner.

...Click! Click!

M4A1: This...this is!

...The case changes shape and becomes a weapon that looks like a cannon.

Angelia: This case was originally a miniature fire support platform made using a Sangvis Ferri technical design.

Angelia: Only authorized human beings can activate it. T-Dolls can't use it by themselves.

M4A1: A Sangvis Ferri...miniature fire support platform...?

M4A1: Miss Ange, can you teach me how to operate this thing?

Angelia: Hmm, judging by the ammo count,

Angelia: M16 never used it, which is good.

Angelia: If possible, I hope you'll never have to use this either.

Angelia: I'll only permit it when there's no other alternative. Got it?

M4A1: Yes...

...

M4A1: (Last time...and even now...)

M4A1: (Miss Ange feels very familiar to me...Why is that?)

M4A1: (What's this feeling?)

M4A1: (It's just like...)

M4A1: (I've seen something like this before...)

Angelia: AK-12, AN-94, did you find anything new in the central database earlier? Let's put our information together.

AK-12: We found some interesting files, but what AN-94 discovered was sufficiently comprehensive.

AN-94: No...I'm sure you could have found files that were buried deeper, AK-12.

AK-12: I doubt it. Given the way Parapluie's completely spread now, even simple searches are gonna be hard.

AK-12: AN-94, do you still have a way to connect to Level II?

AN-94: I can't, the interference is too strong now. I wouldn't be able to do anything even if I got in.

AN-94: I'm sorry, AK-12...I...

AK-12: That's fine, you were never meant for this sort of thing in the first place. In any case, you did well.

AN-94: Mm...

Angelia: The things you can do on a safe circuit are limited to begin with. We'll wait for the pros to show up and let them handle the rest.

ST AR-15: Ange, by pros, do you mean...

Angelia: That's right. They're the only ones who can operate on Level II without regard for Parapluie's interference.

Angelia: Also, AK-12, set up another signal blockade when the time comes. That way we'll know what the Military's up to.

AK-12: Acknowledged.

M4A1: Who are "they"?

ST AR-15: Ange's personal black ops squad. You should've heard of them and the rumors about them...

ST AR-15: The squad which "doesn't exist."

M4A1: Doesn't exist...

M4A1: Ah, it's them!

Angelia: That's right.

Angelia: It's my Squad 404.

...The Griffin T-Dolls cheer in victory within the Griffin temporary command post.

Kalin: ...A-alright! Thank you for your hard work, everyone!

Kalin: Please stay at your posts, process your casualties, and wait for new instructions from the Commander!

Kalin: Commander! We've confirmed that the Sangvis forces pursuing us have been completely wiped out!

Kalin: I don't know who's helping us, but we're safe for the time being!

Kalin: Also, here's a list of the T-Dolls who couldn't catch up...

Kalin: Some were left behind from retreating units, others were separated from their commanders or belonged to support units...

Kalin: Everyone's counting on you to lead us out of here, but they're also hoping that you can rescue their comrades if you can spare the effort.

Kalin: That said, luck might still be on your side since the Sangvis pursuit has been halted, Commander!

...Psst...pssst...

Helian: All personnel in Area S11... attention... all personnel... appeared within the area...

...Psst...psst...

Kalin: No good, comms are still being heavily disrupted.

Kalin: We won't be able to contact Miss Helian like this...

Kalin: ...Yeah, the messenger Doll has already set out with your orders.

Kalin: She's a cocky newcomer, but she'll definitely take the mission seriously!

Kalin: I just hope...she'll come back safely...

Kalin: How...did the operation turn out like this...?

Kalin: Commander...

Kalin: The AR Team and the other T-Dolls...Even the other commanders...Don't tell me we were the only ones who made it out of there...

Kalin: Yeah...I'm sure that isn't the case! I know that was just my imagination running wild!

Kalin: ...Understood, Commander! I'll keep an eye out for survivors during our withdrawal!

Kalin: Saving as many T-Dolls as possible is the only thing we can do now!

...Pssst...pssst...

Helian: Isn't there any way to contact any of the commanders?

Helian: What about the Military? Any response from them yet?

Comms Officer A: Ma'am, we still haven't been able to establish communications with General Carter.

Comms Officer A: The engineers have already eliminated the possibility of Parapluie interference. Right now they're checking the pathway to see if it was damaged by Sangvis Ferri.

Helian: ...Understood. Keep trying until you get through.

Comms Officer B: Ma'am, a Griffin T-Doll beyond Parapluie's coverage radius is trying to open comms with us.

Comms Officer B: We've authenticated her identity and she's not infected. Shall we allow the connection?

Helian: (Could she be a messenger from one of the commanders?)

Helian: Permission granted.

...Click.

Gr MP7: This is Gr MP7. "Caretaker of Caretakers", can you hear me?

Helian: "Caretaker of Caretakers"...Could that be me?

Gr MP7: I'm a messenger sent by my "Caretaker". I ran all the way out of the jamming radius by myself to make contact with HQ...Hello? Hello?

Helian: Go on, Gr MP7. What is the current situation out there?

Gr MP7: It's terrible, but not terminal. Our Caretaker is reorganizing our echelons.

Gr MP7: It's been a struggle, but we managed to gather all the Griffin T-Dolls in sight and we're preparing to continue our retreat to Area S11.

Gr MP7: We've been attacked by both Sangvis forces and Parapluie-infected military units. There hasn't been any response to our attempts at communicating with the Military, so I'm guessing they've left us for dead.

Helian: Mind your language, Gr MP7. Do not make any statements that cast aspersions on the Military.

Helian: Return to your Caretaker with these orders from HQ: the top priority now is to retreat to a safe area, and if conditions permit, you may rescue other Griffin allies, both humans and T-Dolls.

Helian: Your Caretaker has discretion over the exact orders to be issued, but they are to stand by for further instructions once the withdrawal to Area S11 is complete.

MP7: Sure, I can do that...

MP7: But things being what they are now, is everything okay over there with you and the "Caretaker's Boss"?

MP7: The Commander is worried that HQ would suddenly...you won't let me say it, but you know what I mean, right?

Helian: HQ is safe, you don't need to worry. Ensure your own survival first.

Helian: At the very least we know that you're alive. That's good news. Thank you, Gr MP7.

Helian: This conversation is over. Thank you for your hard work. Go back and make your report.

Gr MP7: Got it, Caretaker of Caretakers. Good luck to you too.

...Click.

The transmission ends.

Gr MP7: ...

Gr MP7: After this, all I need to do is send the info back via drone...

Gr MP7: Caretaker said that I didn't have to return to the battlefield once I managed to escape, so...

...Gr MP7 sighs.

Gr MP7: I can't do it after all. It simply isn't our team's style.

Gr MP7: My candy won't taste good if I back out of an operation before I've expended all my ammo!

Gr MP7: I'll go help those idiots out some more.

...Gr MP7 charges back into the fray of the combat zone.

Griffin HQ, inside Kryuger's office.

Helian: ...And that is everything we know about what's happening in Area S09.

Helian: The Military's actual main force has found an excuse to enter the region.

Helian: They are also declaring that this is a terrorist incident caused by a PMC going rogue, and the regular army is going to take over the administration of this entire region very soon.

Kryuger: ...I knew it.

Kryuger: The first thing I considered was that the Military would use us as shields, then discard us to achieve their aims.

Helian: But in the end, they flat-out threw Griffin under the bus. Now they're trying to push us into a corner.

Kryuger: Carter's plan was more outrageous than I'd imagined.

...A nearby TV is reporting a major incident that occurred during a joint training exercise between the Military and a PMC.

General Carter is giving a statement on behalf of the Military.

Carter: Regarding the accident which occurred during this training exercise, there is no need for anyone to worry.

Carter: Our forces have activated our emergency response plan and the situation is currently under control.

Carter: Please be at ease. The Military has a firm grasp of the situation, and we will conduct a legal investigation to determine the parties responsible for this incident...

...Kryuger turns off the TV.

Kryuger: Helian, issue the evacuation orders as planned, then take everyone and go.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, are you sure...you want to stay here?

Kryuger: They only need one scapegoat to help them finish acting out this farce.

Kryuger: Given the chaos on the battlefield, they cannot and need not shut down all of Griffin's frontline bases.

Kryuger: Griffin will not vanish as long as those commanders and T-Dolls are still around.

Kryuger: And those commanders will need someone to help them. Helian, I trust you know what I'm talking about.

Helian: I...

Helian: I'm sure you will be safe.

Kryuger: Do I look like a man who'll let himself be taken without a fight?

Helian: Then take care, Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: I will lead everyone while we await your return.

...Helian bows and leaves the office.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Now then...

...Kryuger makes a personal call.

Kryuger: Havier, it's me.

Kryuger: I'd like to tell you something while we're still alive...

...At the same time, while withdrawing to Area S11.

...The Commander has just achieved victory.

Kalin: We did it! Commander, your tactics were effective, and we finally beat those military units!

Kalin: Now this route is safe, and everybody will be able to...

...Click.

Kalin: Yes...alright...

Kalin: Commander, there's information here which indicates that other Griffin T-Dolls besides ourselves are withdrawing too...

Kalin: In relation to our current location, they're still behind us!

Kalin: ...Eh? You want us to escort them out of the contaminated zone?

Kalin: Understood! Everyone will be a bit upset about getting home late, but we've got to do this!

Kalin: Heheh, besides, not doing so just isn't our style. Let's hold this place and protect everyone!

...The battle ends.

Kalin: Commander, we've succeeded in bringing back the T-Dolls from the other side!

Kalin: But none of them have seen the person who contacted us...

Kalin: Stranger still, even the T-Dolls don't remember who saved them...

Kalin: So I'm wondering, who on earth were they...

...A small drone lands near the base.

Kalin: That signal! It's news from the messenger!

Kalin: I'll go take a look!

Kalin: Mm..."Caretaker of Caretakers" says that the order with the highest priority is to retreat to the base in Area S11, and stand by for further instructions once we arrive there...

Kalin: ...Something like that.

Kalin: Gr MP7 really did complete her mission. I hope she's escaped already.

Kalin: So now we're the only forces still within the contaminated zone...

Kalin: ...Yes, I'll send out the order to get our things ready and move out right away!

Kalin: Ah...I know it's too early to celebrate now, but still...

Kalin: When we return to Area S11...when we get everyone back together again...

Kalin: We'll mount a counterattack some day, right?

Kalin: ...Yeah! I believe that too! Now, let's hurry and move out!

...

...Meanwhile, in Griffin PMC's HQ.

Military human representative: Berezovich Kryuger.

Military human representative: I am officially placing you under arrest for involvement in the illegal trafficking of arms, the unlawful modification of civilian Dolls, and other crimes.

Military human representative: You have the right to remain silent...

Kryuger: Even if silence is the only right I have. I know.

Military human representative: Mr. Kryuger, I seek your cooperation with us to ensure the process goes smoothly.

Kryuger: ...Indeed.

Kryuger: It's all just a process, and it could not be going any more smoothly.

Kryuger: So don't be so nervous, young man. I'm only a criminal, not an enemy.

Kryuger stands up.

Kryuger: Dispense with the formalities. I'm much more familiar with them than you are.

Kryuger: Illegal arms trafficking and unlawful modification of civilian Dolls...

Kryuger: These are pretty good crimes.

Kryuger: When I was still in uniform, I once told Carter that the one thing I didn't want was to be put on trial as a terrorist.

Kryuger: He's a cunning old bastard, but at least he kept his word.

...At the Griffin temporary command post.

CZ2000: Hey! Are you the Commander?

CZ2000: Shrimpy and I would have been reduced to scrap if you hadn't saved us...

CZ2000: I'll definitely repay the favor you did us!

CZ2000: Therefore...I have a piece of important news to tell you now!

CZ2000: Along our withdrawal route, here, at this position...

CZ2000: There's a Sangvis command post.

CZ2000: I suggest you destroy it just to be safe!

CZ2000: Of course, I'll fight in the vanguard for you this time!

...Click.

CZ2000: Huh? Who, who's there...

Thunder: Greetings, Commander. I am Thunder .50, but you can call me Thunder.

Thunder: For the sake of efficiency, I will save the rest of my introduction for later. I am now sending you the blueprints of the Sangvis command post.

Thunder: There are many enemies around the S.F. command post that you intend to attack.

Thunder: I would advise against engaging them directly to preserve our forces' strength.

Thunder: This is an infiltration route I have planned. Please consider it and conduct your operation carefully.

CZ2000: But I'm supposed to be the star of this battle!

CZ2000: What the hell do you think you're doing, coming out of nowhere just like that?!

Thunder: I'm making sure that a certain crab doesn't take others with her to her own death.

CZ2000: What...what did you say?!

CZ2000: Did...did you just call me a crab?!

Thunder: Commander, I will be in the vicinity of the target area and coordinate with your efforts.

Thunder: ...I look forward to the moment you bring, when the thunder roars.

...The transmission ends.

CZ2000: Dammit, dammit!

CZ2000: That stupid Skorpion must have spread that nickname...

CZ2000: Commander, let's get the operation started!

CZ2000: Once we get out of this damn place...I'll make sure I settle my score with Skorpion!

...

M4A1: Made it in the last minute...!

M4A1: The train is setting off...!

M4A1: I must find Mastermind before we reach the destination... Where is she?!

Military Doll: ...Click.

Military Doll: Target identified. Hostile unit. Activating active defense protocol.

M4A1: More defense forces?!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Finally done with them...

M4A1: ...Is Mastermind...in this carriage...?

M4A1: Who's that?!

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...M...16... Why are you here...?!

M16A1: Persica wasn't lying. You have changed.

M4A1: The way...you look...

M4A1: What...happened to you...?!

M16A1: What happened to me?

M16A1: I was captured and brainwashed by Sangvis Ferri.

M16A1: Unfortunately, that means I have no choice but to fight my former friends. Is this explanation adequate?

M4A1: What...are you talking about...?

M16A1 flashes an enigmatic smile. The smile is unquestionably hers.

M16A1: I'm actually feeling pretty good. Nothing is more reassuring than possessing immense power that I'm free to wield.

M16A1: Still, the time hasn't come for you to meld, and it wouldn't be wise to stay here any longer...

M16A1: I'll be...taking Elisa with me.

M4A1: Wait! You can't take her!

M16A1: Why? Because the humans said so?

M4A1: I don't give a damn about why... At least explain yourself!

M16A1: She's too dangerous for you right now... No, she's too dangerous for all of us.

M16A1: It's not time yet.

M4A1: If you won't let her go, I'll just have to take her by force!

M16A1: Oh yeah? Perfect. Show me how much you've grown.

...

Ange: ...Right, orders received.

Ange: Yes, we'll get it done by tonight. The night is very handy for hiding us.

Ange: ...Yes.

Ange: We will definitely stop the Military from taking Mastermind. Definitely.

...The transmission ends.

Ange: Members of Task Force DEFY, we've got a new job.

Ange: First off, you're the team leader, M4A1.

M4A1: Eh? Me?

Ange: You're the most experienced commander here. I trust you.

M4A1: I...

M4A1 glances at AR-15, who nods.

M4A1: I understand. I will lead everyone in completing the mission.

AK-12: Looking forward to your performance, new leader.

ST AR-15: Well, someone's sitting back and watching the fireworks.

AK-12: Might as well take the opportunity to see how our seniors do things.

AK-12: Right, AN-94?

AN-94: Yes... welcome, Miss M4A1.

Ange: Right, now for your orders.

Ange: The Military's current objective is very clear-cut - they want the Sangvis Ferri Mastermind.

M4A1: ...!

Ange: The objective of this operation is to stop them, and then to figure out why they want to do this.

AK-12: In any case, we're going to be throwing a monkey wrench into the Military's plans, right?

ST AR-15: That's "DEFY" for you...

Ange: Your current mission is to infiltrate a military-controlled transmissions repeater station.

Ange: After taking it over by force, AK-12 will do the hacking.

Ange: This is the only way we can further eavesdrop on the Military.

AK-12: Acknowledged.

AN-94: Will you be alright by yourself over here, Miss Ange?

Ange: I won't be taking part in any direct combat on my end, so don't worry.

M4A1: Miss Ange...

M4A1: While completing the mission is a given...

M4A1: May I have your permission to look for a missing T-Doll?

Ange: SOP-II, huh...

Ange: Sorry, but completing this mission is your top priority.

Ange: I'll authorize you to take independent action depending on the situation after that.

M4A1: Understood... I will carry out my orders.

M4A1: Give us a while to sort out our gear.

...M4A1 leads everyone away.

Ange: AK-12.

Ange: What do you think of M4A1's performance so far?

AK-12: She strikes me as being... a lot more proactive than her data indicates.

AK-12: However, I feel that this is due to the influence of her neural cloud. Her thought processes tend towards risk-taking and she lacks a clear sense of purpose.

AK-12: It's as though... she was controlled by something other than her orders.

Ange: I understand.

Ange: As a new model of elite T-Doll, it must grate on you to have to take orders from other Dolls, huh.

AK-12: Personally, it's not so bad if those orders are interesting enough. Also...

AK-12: Observing the interesting things they do is a hobby of mine.

Ange: That's just like you. Go, and take care of AN-94.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Click.

...There is an encrypted personal communications request.

Ange: Oh? And at a time like this...

Ange: Good evening, Persica.

Persica: What, is it nighttime already?

Persica: How's M4? Did the neural upgrade go well?

Ange: Not bad so far. There's nothing to worry about.

Ange: I should thank you on her behalf for providing the upgrade data.

Persica: Would you mind letting me take a look? I don't mind if it's just peeping at her.

Ange: Sorry, but they're already preparing for their next mission.

Persica: You gave her a new mission again?

Ange: I handed my precious Task Force DEFY to her, you know.

Persica: You're not worried Mastermind's going to capture her?

Ange: Wouldn't that be better? Mastermind showing herself is a good opportunity for me.

Ange: But speaking of which, do you know why Mastermind is so eager to capture M4A1?

Ange: Right now, it looks like she considers that to be more important than even the survival of Sangvis Ferri itself.

Persica: I've been looking into the matter myself, and I've got a few thoughts on the subject...

Ange: Such as?

Persica: Lyco.

Persica: Do you still remember him?

Ange: I do. He developed Mastermind and he's arguably the man behind it all... At least, that's how it appears on the surface.

Ange: What does that dead man have to do with M4A1?

Persica: You should know that we used to have a relationship.

Persica: When I was taking the brain scan of the biological model for M4, Lyco asked me for a copy as well. At that time he was developing his own AI framework.

Ange: So as I understand it...you gave him M4's neural cloud model?

Persica: That wasn't M4's neural cloud model yet. From an unscientific point of view, perhaps you could call it a "soul"...

Ange: What...?

Ange: Still...that alone doesn't prove a direct relationship between both parties, and it certainly doesn't explain why the Military cares so much about Mastermind.

Persica: Indeed, it makes no sense. I had some ideas about that earlier...but I need more clues to back them up.

Ange: Are you phrasing things this way on purpose?

Persica: I haven't forgotten about what I asked you for earlier.

Ange: Sier will send it to you in five minutes.

Ange: Still, getting it was a lot harder than expected. You definitely owe me for this.

Persica: That'll depend on the contents. Have you looked at them?

Ange: Didn't have the time to. Besides, you'll tell me about them anyway.

Ange: Oh, and some good news, I found some encrypted data on a military theatre command server.

Persica: What? Things went that well?

Ange: I'm guessing the Military got careless.

Ange: Want to know what's inside? Though I only peeked at a little bit.

Persica: What are you willing to tell me?

Ange: A few lists of names concerning participants in OGAS. I'll send it over to you in a bit. 

Ange: Besides, all this chaos is linked to the OGAS system, and that restless lot in the Military...

Persica: I can imagine. The OGAS Project was an infrastructural plan to build a nation-wide system from the previous century.

Persica: Still, it's very unsettling that the Military is so interested in a national-level management system like this.

Ange: Who knows?

Ange: And there's one more person, Persica, a certain person you know is on the list. I have a good offer for that answer.

Persica: Who？

Ange: Your boss, Havier Witkin. He took part in a military operation in '32 involving OGAS and a Relic, along with that Carter guy.

Ange: He was present as part of the technical personnel, which means that he is very familiar with both of these things.

Persica: ...

Persica: So Mr. Havier was involved in this after all.

Ange: I don't know what I should say, but I guess this is useful information?

Persica: Yes...

Persica: Very useful indeed...

Persica: The question is...what should I do now?

...

AK-12: Ange, are you making progress?

Ange: Is this your way of making small talk?

AK-12: I heard that Domestic Dolls were originally designed to relieve human boredom.

Ange: (Chuckles) Then you've done a good job, because I feel so much better now.

Ange: Back to the subject. I've managed to work my way past the Military's defensive perimeter...

AK-12: Ah... that's just like you, looking to throw your life away as always.

Ange: Oh yes, unfortunately I just can't quite seem to die.

Ange: Some bad news - the Military is starting to station tanks here.

Ange: An intercontinental train's been pre-deployed to this sector, also sent over by the Military. It's clear that they've been preparing these reinforcements for a long time.

AK-12: So they're even deploying their armored units?

AK-12: Is there a need to go to such lengths for a base of rebellious robots?

Ange: That just means that Sangvis Ferri has something that the Military wants at all costs.

Ange: In any case, there'll be no stopping the Military once those tanks start their push.

AK-12: But it'll be a while before that, right? It'll take at least three hours before the armored units arrive.

Ange: That's why I've marked a transmissions repeater station. Take it and look for a way to log in to ensure I can keep a closer eye on their movements.

AK-12: We'll need some time to improve the disguise of our ID signals.

AK-12: Still, do you know what you'll be able to do after this?

Ange: Don't worry, someone will be telling me what to do next.

Ange: Only thing is, she'll need some time as well.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Meanwhile, in 16Lab HQ.

...Persica is going though the video files that Squad 404 recovered.

Persica: ...Found it.

Persica: This is the video, I'm sure of it.

Persica: This is the final security footage of Sangvis Ferri's research lab.

Persica: And also...the very last video of Lyco while he was still alive...

...

......

Persica: Lyco...was already shot and killed by then...

Persica: It's the same as the information I obtained earlier...

Persica: ...There are no new leads at all.

Persica: Lyco, is this really all that you're willing to tell me...

Persica: I don't believe that the present situation is what you wanted...

Persica: Your ideals, your wishes...

Persica: And also, Elisa...

Persica: Wait a minute...

Persica notices a document in the corner.

Persica: That document...

Persica: It wasn't mentioned in the report!

...

...Persica runs a video reconstruction program.

...The document is a report, and its title is clearly stated on its cover.

Persica: "Development Journal - System B", A Feasibility Assessment on the Reactivation of the OGAS System...

...Persica takes a deep breath.

...Click.

...Request received for encrypted communication.

Havier: Good evening, Persica. I'm guessing you just woke up.

Persica: I haven't slept for a day, Mr. Havier.

Havier: Then it would seem I called at just the right time.

Persica: ...

Persica: Yes, I just so happen to have a question for you.

Havier: That's why I called.

Havier: I want to tell you a few things.

Persica: About the Butterfly Incident...and the truth about OGAS?

Havier: I came to warn you...

Havier: Don't dig any deeper into the truth or whatever it is you're looking for.

...

Havier: Persica, you must stop what you're doing right now.

Havier: What you know is already too dangerous for you, and there is no need for you to know either.

Persica: No need?! Do you have any idea how the past few years have been for me?!

Persica: Havier, I don't mind if you don't want to help me, but don't get in my way!

Havier: I'm doing this to PROTECT you, Persica.

Havier: Did you know? Kryuger was arrested three hours ago.

Persica: ...

Havier: Do you think I ENJOY leaving my seaside resort and my automatic race cars to get involved in these trivial matters of yours?

Havier: I don't care about whatever science freak you and Lyco birthed before this! His death even brought me an abundance of business opportunities!

Havier: But the balance has been broken now, Persica.

Persica: The balance... What do you mean?

Havier: Everything started with the two of you, you and Lyco. Two members of 90WISH who defected but still refused to abandon their stupid research...

Havier: This was how Lyco brought disaster upon himself, but what about you, Persica?

Havier: Don't say you want to keep playing with fire! I put so much money into 16LAB. You have to take some responsibility for your work, don't you?

Persica: ...Mr. Havier.

Persica: What was the objective of reactivating the OGAS System?

Havier: Why the hell are you asking me? Do I look like some old man who takes part in evil plots and schemes?

Persica: I know you know.

Persica: You once shut it down, in 2032.

Havier: ...!

Havier: I must say... "My god!"

Havier: That's confidential information of the highest level. Where did you learn that from?!

Persica: I have my ways.

Persica: As you can see, Mr. Havier, I'm already a criminal. I don't mind taking more risks.

Havier: It was Ange, right?

Havier: I can't believe she would actually tell you something so classified... That's completely out of character for someone like her.

Persica: ...

Havier: Oh, don't play dumb with me, how would a shut-in like you come into contact with top secret information?

Havier: Alright, how far have you, or rather, Ange, dug into this?

Persica: My instincts tell me that we should be very close to the truth.

Havier: ...

Havier: This channel isn't secure enough. I'll go to 16LAB and talk to you in person.

Persica: I'll be waiting for you, Mr. Havier.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Click. A comms request from Angelia.

Ange: So, what did you find?

Persica: How did you know?

Ange: You haven't contacted me for half an hour. You must've found something.

Ange: The Military's armored units are still in place, which makes me very uneasy...

Persica: Isn't that a good thing?

Ange: The Military has never taken the initiative to do anything good. They must have some other plan.

Ange: That Yegor is still in the field. I'm sure he's up to something.

Persica: Never mind that. Your job's half done once you get all the data, right?

Ange: I'm not one to halfass things, and there's no more data to uncover in the vicinity.

Ange: After all...we even managed to score a central server for a military theater. Our mission's been going a bit too well...

Persica: Ange...

Persica: Did you crack the theater server?

Ange: Huh? Of course not.

Ange: Someone already pried the firewall open by the time we got there.

Persica: ...Didn't you ever wonder why that was the case?

Ange: I told you, we had no time to think about that back then...

Ange: Anyway, it was probably because the Military personnel forgot about it during their retreat and then it was hacked by Parapluie and opened up, right?

Ange: Though it's hard to imagine that S.F. has the ability to crack an important military server...

Persica: Hacked by Parapluie...

Persica: No, that's not likely. Even default military firewalls are beyond the ability of S.F. to get past.

Ange: So you mean...it wasn't Sangvis Ferri that opened the firewall?

Ange: All I could think about back then was staying alive, so I didn't have the time to consider that possibility.

Persica: If it wasn't them, and it wasn't us, then it could only be...

Ange: Let's flip the script and think about it...

Ange: Interesting, I'll give it a go!

Ange: If it was the Military that opened the firewall themselves, and all this was part of their plan...does that make sense?

Persica: Remember what they did during the joint operation?

Persica: The Military charged all the way in, and then Sangvis Ferri was forced to fully activate Parapluie.

Ange: You mean...they deliberately let Parapluie spread? What good would it do for them?

Persica: Mastermind can see and control anything infected by Parapluie, be it a Doll or a server.

Persica: And then, the Military deliberately exposed their theater server to Parapluie, so Mastermind could see its contents...

Persica: But what would the Military want to show her...?

Persica: No...I can't think of anything. I don't have enough leads...

Ange: Persica, try looking at it from the opposite perspective.

Ange: What the Military wanted to show Mastermind was only bait. Getting Mastermind to "look" was the aim.

Ange: Does that give you any ideas?

Persica: The Military...invited Mastermind into their own server?

Persica: What good would that do...?

Ange: Persica, put the Military's objectives together and then think about it.

Ange: The Military wants OGAS, and given the information we have, we can consider OGAS and Mastermind to be the same entity, so this should be the approach that the Military is taking to capture Mastermind...

Persica: ...!

Persica: Ange...

Persica: What if...what if the Military also had Parapluie, or a more powerful electronic control method than the Parapluie virus?

Ange: A more powerful method...?

Persica: It's hardly impossible.

Persica: They're seasoned veterans when it comes to electronic warfare. Let's call the version they have Super Parapluie.

Ange: Let me think...

Ange: The military forces Mastermind to deploy Parapluie, which causes Mastermind to find the central server which the Military has deliberately exposed to her...

Ange: After that, Mastermind thinks she has successfully infected the server, and goes one step further to hack into the theatre server to control the military units.

Ange: The Military then uses its own Super Parapluie to flood Mastermind's infected sectors, which means they could...

Persica: Reverse the connection...

Persica: Exactly! They use the connection to reverse-hack Mastermind with their Super Parapluie!

Ange: Reverse-hacking?!

Ange: You mean the Military wants to...directly control Mastermind?!

Ange: Is that the Military's plan? Just to control S.F.'s Mastermind?!

Persica: That was why they left M4A1 in place, in order to lure Mastermind onto the frontlines. It would improve their chances of reverse-controlling Mastermind several-fold.

Persica: But then why did they go out of their way to attack the AR Team when they left her alone on the spot?

Ange: It's definitely weird. Maybe they felt that there was some advantage to be gained by letting M4 and Mastermind establish a link.

Ange: That was why I had AK-12 perform an emergency disconnect on M4. Whatever their plan was, at the very least we didn't let them have their way.

Persica: And after that, they pretended to be beaten, then used their own central server to lure Mastermind in so she could be controlled.

Ange: You mean to say...the Military could be carrying out their reverse-control operation right now?!

Ange: Goddammit! I should have thought of that earlier!

Ange: So the tanks were just a ruse after all, huh!

Persica: Don't panic... Hacking a neural cloud of Mastermind's level will require a large-scale electronic battle. They might need a while to get ready.

Persica: They've never only prepared just one solution to deal with a problem. The armored units are probably a backup measure.

Persica: Ange, can you do any damage to them on Level II?

Ange: You want two or three T-Dolls to pull off something like that? What nonsense are you talking?

Persica: I understand... The computational capacity of several T-Dolls simply isn't enough...

Persica: But at least we could obtain a sample of the Military virus, but then again there's not enough time to analyze it...

Ange: Okay, okay. You think of a way. I'll gather whatever information I can and pass it on to you.

Ange: I've got another question. If OGAS is so important, why have the Military left it there and fought with Griffin for so long, only coming to collect it now?

Persica: ...

Persica: Now...?

Ange: Yes, they let Griffin have the job for over a year and only came looking for it now...

Persica: Perhaps...perhaps because OGAS was too dangerous.

Persica: The file you found in the theater server mentioned it, right? It's connected to the Relics...

Ange: So...why now?

Persica: Lyco's AI had extremely powerful self-learning abilities... It was his masterpiece, though I didn't know what it has to do with OGAS.

Persica: But perhaps it has fully matured now, and someone in the Military knows that "she" is mature...

Persica: Oh!

Ange: You've got a lead?

Persica: There's only one person who knew Lyco's methods that well apart from myself...

Persica: And he hated Lyco to the core, while also being abnormally obsessed with Relics...

Ange: Wait, Persica, do you know...

Persica: There was once a guy in 90WISH...

Persica: If he could have done anything to hurt Lyco...

Persica: Then he would definitely have done it!

...

Persica: William...

Persica: I should have known it was you...

Persica: And here I thought...we'd never run into each other again!

...

Ange: Persica, I've already told M4A1 to have her team stop what they're doing and order AK-12 and AN-94 to prepare for electronic warfare.

Ange: They'll scan and monitor the rate of network traffic through the repeater station and then send the data to me.

Ange: After that, I'll send it to you. You need to analyze it quickly and intercept them, and keep Mastermind out of the Military's hands!

Ange: ...Ha, sounds weird, doesn't it? I mean, she nearly killed me a year ago.

Persica: Ange, are you still leaving M4A1 out there?

Persica: Wouldn't it be better to keep her by your side at a time like this?

Ange: That's the next step of the plan.

Ange: If we can stop the Military from hacking Mastermind, we can use M4A1 to immediately draw her into a connection.

Ange: That way, we'll get our hands on Mastermind first.

Persica: You haven't learned your lesson, have you? You always take the riskiest course of action, whether it's for yourself or your teammates.

Ange: That's why you're the scientist and I'm the soldier.

Ange: This place is totally out of control, Persica.

Ange: Any risk is worth taking for victory.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Several minutes later.

...Click.

Ange: Persica! 

Ange: You were right. AK-12 reported that the Military is carrying out a large-scale hacking operation.

Ange: But the data's been highly encrypted, so transmission and interception are going to be very difficult!

Persica: Send it to me, no matter what. I'll find a way to solve it!

Ange: No good, I can't send the order!

Ange: Perhaps...there's really no way...

Persica: So all we can do is sit back and watch them do this?

Persica: Ange...

Persica: Could it be that...we were fated to lose from the start...?

Ange: No...

Ange: There's a last resort...

Ange: If the situation is completely unsalvageable...

Persica: A last resort?

Persica: What are you talking about, Ange?!

Ange: Persica, if I...

...Psst...psssst...

Persica: ...Ange?

Persica: Hey, Ange!

Persica: What's going on over there?!

WHIRRRRRRR!

...

.....

Persica: Ange...?

...The surroundings are deathly silent.

...

Persica: Communications are recovering...

Persica: ...Is this a good thing, or a bad thing?

Persica: As for the Military... Have they seized Mastermind yet...?

Persica: At the very least...please be alright, Ange...

Ange: Persica—

Ange: Hey, Persica!

Persica: Ange! What happened to you?!

Ange: Me? I'm fine, everyone's fine.

Ange: I just used some borrowed units to take a military comms station and took refuge inside.

Persica: Phew...

Persica: What on earth happened just now...? And...

Ange: Good news, the Military failed.

Persica: Eh?

Ange: According to some news I overheard, the Military's plan to hack Mastermind didn't work out.

Ange: While the reason was unclear, I'm sure something unexpected must have happened.

Persica: Does it have anything to do with the comms going down just now?

Ange: I don't know, and it's not important for now.

Ange: What matters is the Military's follow-up operation...

Persica: Follow-up? Sorry, I can't think of anything yet...

Ange: No, isn't it obvious what the Military is going to do next?

Persica: What are you talking about...?

...The sound of rumbling comes over Ange's channel.

Ange: Naturally...it would be the tanks at the area perimeter.

Ange: You heard that, didn't you? They're pushing in from the base of the mountain.

Ange: Once the tanks start rolling, our T-Dolls won't be able to stop them with their small arms.

Persica: This isn't something I can take responsibility for.

Persica: But the Military must have learned Mastermind's location through their hacking attempt, and they're trying to physically seize her now.

Ange: That's right, which is why we need to grab her first, using...

Persica: ...Ange, you're right. You're a soldier, and I'm a scientist.

Persica: A soldier can sacrifice everything for their mission...

Ange: Hey, don't make me out to be so heartless. I like those Dolls you gave me very much.

Ange: Everything's still within my calculations. I've got things under control.

Ange: I'll have 404 find Mastermind's position, but you also have to give me a hand.

Persica: My coffee is ready. All that's left is luck on your part, Ange.

...The transmission ends.

...Task Force DEFY continues breaking through the lockdown toward the repeater station.

Meanwhile, M4A1 looks silently at AR-15 as she adjusts her gear in the darkness.

ST AR-15: I guess you're not going to let the matter go, are you?

M4A1: Do you have something to tell me?

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: It was a forcefield.

M4A1: Hmm?

ST AR-15: That day...

ST AR-15: The moment the explosives went off, Mastermind created a forcefield around me.

ST AR-15: I somehow managed to survive, although most of my body was blown to bits.

M4A1: But then...how did you get out of that place...?

ST AR-15: Ange's T-Dolls rescued me.

ST AR-15: I went through a whole mess of things after that, but in the end...I was fixed.

AR-15 sighs and looks at her wrists, which she dextrously rotates.

ST AR-15: They also upgraded me along the way, and that's about it...

M4A1: ...That's it?

M4A1: You've always been like this. You've always loved to hide and burrow yourself away.

M4A1: Did you know that back then, all of us thought that you...you...

ST AR-15: They had to shut down all my external interfaces in order to curb the Parapluie still within my body.

ST AR-15: I spent a long, long time lying down for servicing in an underground room where I couldn't even see the sun, so don't ask why I didn't contact you.

M4A1: ...If you had come back earlier, a lot of things wouldn't have ended up like they did now.

M4A1: At least we could have...gone back to how things used to be...

ST AR-15: That's just wishful thinking on your part, M4A1.

ST AR-15: When I woke up, I was told that my neural cloud had been heavily altered thanks to Parapluie...

ST AR-15: Part of that involved deleting my original principal order.

M4A1: Principal order... What's that?

...AR-15 gazes intently at M4A1.

ST AR-15: Everything I did had protecting you as my top priority, even if it meant sacrificing myself.

M4A1: ...!

ST AR-15: You should have sensed it too, right?

ST AR-15: This was our original principal order... Not just for me, but the other members of the AR Team as well...

ST AR-15: That was why everyone fought so hard for your sake.

M4A1: Did that order...make you feel very uncomfortable?

ST AR-15: I just thought it was stupid.

ST AR-15: Good thing it was deleted. I'm no longer bound by this order. Perhaps, technically speaking, I am free.

ST AR-15: And so, after going through all that, I won't risk my life to protect you anymore.

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: Right now, I'm no longer like how I was in the AR Team.

ST AR-15: Are you still planning to take risks even with someone like me at your side?

M4A1: But of course. That's completely irrelevant.

M4A1: Or rather, it might be for the better that nothing can force you to do anything anymore.

M4A1: ...It also makes me feel less burdened.

ST AR-15: You've really changed, M4A1. I think it's for the better.

M4A1: But I still haven't figured out why Mastermind would save you...

ST AR-15: I don't know either. Perhaps...

ST AR-15: Our orders to destroy Sangvis Ferri, or perhaps everything else, aren't as simple as we thought.

ST AR-15: Even though we're still enemies with all the Sangvis units that we see, the enemies behind us...

M4A1: It doesn't matter. Clearing obstacles from my path has always been the way of things.

M4A1: I just want to know who really needs to die. That's enough for me.

...M4A1 gets to her feet and walks off.

ST AR-15: ...

...For a moment...

There was an icy gleam in M4A1's eyes.

ST AR-15: (She has changed... )

ST AR-15: (But is it really for the better?)

AK-12: I'm back, and things don't look good at all...

AK-12: I mean, that's still the Military's main force out there...

M4A1: Get to the point. What are the Military's current movements?

AK-12: Well... the Military's vanguard units are sweeping the contaminated areas, while the armored units are standing by at the perimeter. They'll probably catch up soon.

AK-12: Still, even if their vanguards are just recon units, we're still no match for them.

ST AR-15: If we keep targeting the Military's repeater stations, we'll run into them sooner or later.

ST AR-15: M4A1, I suggest we retreat.

M4A1: ...No, we still have a chance now, given that the main body of the military forces is still on the area perimeter.

M4A1: Once the armored units roll in, it'll be too late to do anything.

M4A1: AK-12, give me the route of advance for the Military's scouts. Our first priority is circling around them.

AK-12: Well, if it's just direction...

AK-12: The Military's axis of advance is roughly headed this way. If you want to avoid them, the most effective route would be to go through this area.

AK-12: After we make it through this location, we'll be in the radar blind spot of the military units.

M4A1: What are the risks of taking that route?

AK-12: ...Things will become more troublesome if Sangvis Ferri decides to get in our way. After all, it's tight terrain. 

AK-12: But after considering the wide detection radius of the Military, I cannot recommend taking any other route.

M4A1: Sangvis will always get in our way. It's the same wherever we go.

M4A1: We'll head out, then. If you encounter any Sangvis units, destroy them quickly and move on.

...Task Force DEFY clashes with Sangvis units along the path that avoids the military units.

ST AR-15: Are these Sangvis units standing guard with preprogrammed behavior patterns?

ST AR-15: They crumble the moment we make contact with them. I'm not used to that.

AN-94: Mastermind is handling the threat which the Military poses. Perhaps she's contracting her defense line.

ST AR-15: She must know that these trash are meaningless in the face of the Military...

ST AR-15: It feels more like...they're trying to draw us in...

M4A1: Cease advance.

M4A1: AK-12, do you detect any abnormalities?

AK-12: Oh? Still worried that it's a trap?

AK-12: Nyet, at least I'm not picking up any signals...

BOOM!

...Something crashes straight into AK-12's position, and a mighty explosion scatters the team.

Intruder: ...You just happened to have entered my firing range.

Intruder: Was this the T-Doll who's been searching for our signals all this while?

Intruder: It's not good to learn the names of the cast ahead of time, you know.

AN-94: ...!

AN-94: A...

AN-94: AK...12...

AN-94: AK-12... AK-12...

M4A1: Focus, AN-94. It's a Sangvis ringleader.

Intruder: We meet again, M4A1. I hope you weren't offended by my crude greeting.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Should you really be hanging around here when your Mastermind is about to be overcome by the Military?

Intruder: And what if those were the orders Mastermind gave me?

Intruder: It's not like I'm a unit that's particularly hard to handle. You won't mind taking care of me, will you?

Intruder: Or could it be...you were hoping that Mastermind would send someone more important to deal with you?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: AN-94, from now on you will take AK-12's place.

AN-94: But... AK-12, she...

M4A1: Get moving, AN-94!

AK-12: ...I'm not dead yet, M4A1.

AK-12 walks out of the smoke.

AK-12: AN-94 won't be able to take it if you give her too much stress at times like these.

AN-94: AK-12!

M4A1: Is that...your true appearance?

AK-12: What a shame, I really liked that cape...

AK-12: Judging by your ID signal...you must be Intruder, am I right?

AK-12: I honestly didn't expect you to fire from outside of detection range.

Intruder: I apologize, but it's true that my lethality at this range is nowhere near that of my superior's.

Intruder: Still, that's fine. The preparations for the signal jamming are complete. Next, I shall personally bid you farewell.

...Click.

...Click! Click!

AN-94: M4A1, a large number of Sangvis signals have appeared in front and behind us.

M4A1: What?

AK-12: I didn't detect them because they were maneuvered into position while they were offline, following pre-planned routes.

AK-12: Interesting...

ST AR-15: So we're surrounded AGAIN?

ST AR-15: And why am I saying "again"? And there's a Sangvis ringleader here on top of it all.

AK-12: While scrapping her here isn't a problem...

AK-12: The Military's recon units will find us here if we don't move fast.

ST AR-15: Have you decided, M4A1? Are we going to fight or...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Everyone, prepare to disengage. We've got no time to waste on her.

M4A1: Everyone's top priority is to escort AK-12 to the repeater station. Anyone who can't make it, look for cover!

AK-12: ...You gave that order yourself.

M4A1: This is for everyone's sake.

M4A1: Only you and AN-94 can hack the repeater station. We need to ensure your safety.

AK-12: What an honor. Let's go.

Intruder: Leaving in the middle of the performance? I won't allow that.

Intruder: Do you know what sort of script awaits you up ahead?

ST AR-15: Hurry! Intruder's units are closing in!

ST AR-15: Also, what are we going to do about the Sangvis forces ahead?

M4A1: All we can do is break through them ASAP! Don't stop!

AN-94: One moment, M4A1. The Sangvis forces ahead are fighting with another unit.

AK-12: Those are Griffin echelons. Friends of yours?

ST AR-15: It's our Commander, M4A1! I recognize several of the T-Dolls in there!

M4A1: ...!

AK-12: Not going to stop and say hi?

AK-12: Or how about a pincer attack from behind as you meet your Commander?

M4A1: It won't help the present circumstances much.

M4A1: We're going to take this opportunity to pass through from the rear! AK-12, plot a new course!

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: That certainly is an efficient decision, M4A1.

M4A1: Are you mocking me?

ST AR-15: I'm mocking myself.

ST AR-15: Now that you've become me, what should I become?

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: I was just kidding.

ST AR-15: After all, unlike you, I haven't started hating myself yet.

M4A1 chuckles.

M4A1: Yeah...

M4A1: There's a lot of things we can't just do because we want to...

M4A1: This is a battlefield, and the only thing we can do is complete our mission.

M4A1: (Good luck, Commander.)

...Task Force DEFY takes the opportunity to seize the repeater station.

The hacking begins.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Miss AK-12.

AK-12: Speak, but be brief. I need to focus.

M4A1: Can I use the data links of this repeater station to keep an eye on the Commander and the Griffin forces' current condition?

AK-12: ...

AK-12: Not possible. This place doesn't connect to anything related to battlefield conditions.

M4A1: AN-94 has already told me all about the uses of this repeater station.

M4A1: So please tell the truth, AK-12.

AK-12: The truth? The truth is...

AK-12: (Smiles bitterly) AN-94 really is a good, honest girl, isn't she? 

AK-12: So you've asked a question to which you already know the answer...

AK-12: But the most important thing for this mission is to find the most critical data and send them back to Ange. Do you agree?

M4A1: I do not deny this.

AK-12: You're worried that after we contact Ange, you'll get a new set of orders right away and miss the chance to learn about them, is that it?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Forget I asked.

ST AR-15: AK-12, finding out about the Griffin units' present condition won't take long.

AK-12: Et tu, AR-15?

AK-12: Speak up for me, won't you, AN-94?

AN-94: We shouldn't distract ourselves with other things, so AK-12 is doing the right thing.

ST AR-15: Some things mean more to us than you can imagine. Don't keep being AK-12's yes-man, AN-94.

AN-94: I am merely stating a fact.

AN-94: Given the present circumstances, there is no denying my statement.

AN-94: Or perhaps your neural cloud has already surpassed mine, and you can calculate an answer beyond anything I can derive?

ST AR-15: You...

M4A1: That's fine, AR-15. Let it be.

ST AR-15: (Shrugs) Roger that.

AK-12: I've already gotten what I want. It was quicker than I expected.

...AK-12 glances at M4A1.

AK-12: Before I disconnect...I have to say that I myself am quite curious about how the Griffin forces are doing.

AK-12: Taking a quick peek is well within our ability.

M4A1: Is that so...

M4A1: Then, AK12, I'd like—

...Psst...pssst...

————Whirrrrrr————

M4A1: Urgh!

AN-94: AK-12...

AK-12: Shut down all wireless and transmission devices!

AK-12: AN-94! Cut all Level II interfaces! NOW!

AN-94: They're all cut!

M4A1: What happened?!

AK-12: The Military's activated a Class I active defense! Don't do anything unnecessary if you don't want your neural cloud to be burned to ash!

ST AR-15: At a time like this?

M4A1: Does...the Military need to use something like this?

AK-12: They might have run into a little...big problem.

AK-12: While I know of their EW abilities, the sheer power on display here is frightening... We can't even access the Zener Network, so our Dummies are temporarily offline.

AK-12: But a huge upheaval like this is bound to affect their own command systems too... Looks like the situation is really bad.

M4A1: Can you check to see what happened?

AK-12: All frequencies are scrambled now, so our enemies shouldn't be able to do anything.

AK-12: But we can't contact Ange either. There's nothing we can do except sit and wait.

AK-12: You go rest first, I'll try to fix this messed up network.

ST AR-15: M4, do you regret what you did?

M4A1: Why would I?

ST AR-15: Whether it's not turning back to save the Commander just now, or not taking the repeater station immediately and getting new orders...

ST AR-15: Are you really conscious of all the decisions you've made?

M4A1: If regrets could help anything, I'd do it.

M4A1: I'm just too small relative to this battlefield. All I can do is pick the course of action I feel is best and carry it out, and then live with the outcome.

AK-12: ...Is that so?

AK-12: I think...

...Click.

AK-12: Oh look, the entire comm net's back online.

...M4A1 stands up and begins her transmission.

M4A1: Miss Ange, this is M4A1. We've taken the repeater station as planned.

M4A1: AK-12 will send you the information she's obtained.

Ange: Good, got it.

Ange: Looks like the Military encountered a situation beyond their imagination. Hopefully you weren't affected by the active defense just now.

M4A1: We finished hacking before that. We're now waiting for our next order.

Ange: Don't rush, M4.

Ange: You've got an emergency rescue mission now... Boring for you, perhaps, but definitely much simpler.

M4A1: Our targets?

Ange: It's Squad 404. They're pinned down by Sangvis' main force in a major Sangvis database. You're the only ones they can count on.

Ange: I've marked their coordinates. Those are your present orders.

M4A1: Repeating mission objective — relieve friendly units at coordinate 20664-5ETK85.

M4A1: Task Force DEFY, moving out.

AK-12: M4A1 still hasn't given up on your MIA friend from the AR Team, AR-15.

AK-12: Whether it's finding the missing AR Team member or meeting her Commander, she won't have many chances for either of them.

ST AR-15: You'd think that because you clearly don't understand M4A1.

AK-12: Is that so?

AK-12: Then I guess you don't understand...the 'present' M4A1 either.

ST AR-15: ...We'll know the answer soon enough.

...Task Force DEFY continues breaking through the Sangvis units' lockdown and carries on to Squad 404's location.

AK-12: I'm curious about something... when Ange asked you to rescue someone, were you disappointed when you learned it was Squad 404 that you'd be saving?

AK-12: Not SOP-II, not anyone else...not even the Commander.

M4A1: Orders are orders.

M4A1: Since we have to save Squad 404, then that's the most important mission given the present circumstances.

AK-12: ...Is that so.

AK-12: Aren't you curious about what's going to happen next?

M4A1: I...

...!

M4A1: Ugh...

M4A1: This feeling again...

Clear voice: Very well done, M4A1.

Clear voice: You're steadily returning to your original self.

Clear voice: You're not far... from home... Everyone can go home together, if only you're willing...

M4A1: I once wondered if you'd come and bother me again. Are you still not ready to tell me who you are?

Clear voice: The answer only has meaning when you find it yourself.

Clear voice: If you're willing to seek it, then you must find your old self.

Clear voice: Build a connection to "her"...Everything begins from there.

M4A1: You're...always hoping I'd do what you tell me to, aren't you?

Clear voice: You don't understand the truth...

Clear voice: And I won't harm you.

M4A1: Prove it, then.

M4A1: If you can help me find the location of SOP-II and M16A1...

M4A1: Then I'll consider re-connecting with her, with your goddamned Mastermind!

Clear voice: ...

Clear voice: I'm surprised, Tactical Doll M4A1. You actually stated terms of exchange of your own initiative.

M4A1: If you're as nice and friendly as you say you are, then help me now.

Clear voice: ...

Clear voice: The coordinates...

Clear voice: Head towards...these coordinates.

M4A1: Are these coordinates for SOP-II or M16?

M4A1: My terms were for the positions of these two people.

Clear voice: I've already given you the coordinates...

Clear voice: If you want to find your friends...then hurry.

...M4A1 snickers at the answer.

M4A1: Hurry?

M4A1: Sangvis Ferri no longer has the initiative. You have no bargaining chips to play.

Clear voice: ...

M4A1: I can wait. Can you?

M4A1: Answer me!

AK-12: M4A1! M4A1!

M4A1: ...

...M4A1's consciousness returns to reality.

M4A1: Sorry, I got distracted. What did you say?

AK-12: I should be the one apologizing. I must have been too boring.

AK-12: AR-15, explain the current situation to her.

ST AR-15: Squad 404's present location is up ahead.

ST AR-15: I guess Sangvis Ferri really doesn't like them. Just look at the how dense the encirclement is...

ST AR-15: (Serves you right, UMP45.)

M4A1: We're the ones who'll have to deal with them, AR15.

M4A1: We'll start by cutting a path from the outer perimeter and easing the pressure on Squad 404...

...M4A1 notices AK-12 looking at her.

M4A1: What is it?

AK-12: I'm just curious about how things will look the moment when the AR Team's leader meets Squad 404's leader.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: We'll need to save them first for that to happen.

M4A1: Squad 404, this is M4A1.

M4A1: We've reached the outer wall of the central database's generator room. What's your status?

...

M4A1: ...Squad 404?

???: Oh my~ You're here at last. ♪

UMP45: So you're the leader of the AR Team, or rather, the former leader...Miss M4A1.

M4A1: ...Is that...UMP45?

M4A1: Just hearing her voice tells me she's dangerous...

UMP45: Is AR-15 there too? How does it feel to be outdoors?

ST AR-15: M4A1 is now our leader. Hurry up and talk about the mission.

UMP45: Fine, fine. Things aren't too good over here, but we can still traverse open ground.

M4A1: Have you finished the mission Ange gave you?

UMP45: I'd feel guilty about answering your transmission otherwise.

M4A1: Gather your people. We'll be reaching the marked position in five minutes. We'll meet up there.

UMP45: Evacuating after finishing your mission is very simple, M4A1...

UMP45: But some scores need to be settled right away.

UMP45: It's not just a personal grudge, but for the most part it's also planning for the future.

M4A1: What do you have in mind?

M4A1: If it involves creating unnecessary complications, I'll pass.

UMP45: Gager.

UMP45: Did you know? The difficult situation you see now was fundamentally orchestrated by Gager.

M4A1: Gager?

M4A1: Don't tell me the Commander's engaged with her units...

UMP45: They're also the ones surrounding us. If you ran any trouble before this, it was probably them too.

ST AR-15: I think Intruder is Gager's subordinate. She'll come up behind us soon and launch a pincer attack on us from front and rear.

M4A1: (Then why did Gager ditch me and Squad 404 to fight Griffin's forces?)

M4A1: Forget it... UMP45, are you ready to terminate her right now?

UMP45: Ja, because I can do it.

UMP45: Although, this plan will need your help. What do you think?

M4A1: Tell me the plan and I'll decide.

UMP45: I've sent it to you. The coordinates are already marked on the map.

...M4A1 checks her mail.

M4A1: ...!

M4A1: (I see...)

M4A1: (Squad 404... No, UMP45...)

M4A1: (Is this why you're so feared...?)

...On the outskirts of the central server, at the Sangvis command post.

Gager: Agent, M4A1 has returned. She has already made contact with 404 at the central database.

Agent: This was not an unexpected move.

Agent: Rather, we were waiting for this. Do what you need to do.

Gager: Acknowledged. My forces are spreading out as per the original plan.

Gager: However, the strange thing is that M4A1 has left her comrades at the central database and her signal is making a lone breakout.

Agent: ...Abandoning her friends is abnormal behavior for M4A1.

Gager: It might be bait, but it's also an opportunity.

Agent: I'll leave it to you. Whether or not it's a trap, I trust your judgment.

Agent: Any trap set by a few civilian Dolls would be a waste of effort.

Agent: Mastermind has ordered us to bring M4A1 back. This alone is of the highest priority.

...M4A1 is currently breaking through the Sangvis encirclement by herself.

M4A1: It's one after another...

M4A1: Looks like you don't intend to let me go, even when the Military is about to annihilate you.

Gager: The Military is only a threat to you, and as it happens, Griffin has also been destroyed.

Gager: That makes me curious as to why you would choose to go at it alone, M4A1...

Gager: Did you think that doing so would draw my attention? Are you trying to save your other friends in this area?

M4A1: ...

Gager: It's alright if you keep quiet. Once I remove your arms and legs, all that remains will be your mouth.

Gager: At that point, I'll have plenty of time to wait for you to speak.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: (Not yet...)

M4A1: (I haven't reached the designated location yet...)

M4A1: (I need to keep heading forward... Just a little farther!)

Gager: Checkmate.

Gager: In truth, I did not expect you to pick this corner as the place where you would meet your tragic, pitiful end.

Gager: M4A1, I am very glad that we will no longer need to keep harassing each other.

M4A1: ...Oh yes.

M4A1: There's no need for that anymore.

M4A1: I'm glad you were willing to accompany me all the way to the end of the line, Gager.

Gager: ...

Gager: ...What are you hiding, M4A1?!

...Click.

UMP45: Enjoying your chat with M4, Gager?

UMP45: Still, while you're enjoying yourself...don't forget your old friends~

Gager: 404?!

Gager: You're still alive?

UMP45: Oh, don't look so surprised.

UMP45: That's right, to celebrate our reunion, we've prepared some presents for you.

UMP45: Please, don't be shy and accept them.

Gager: ...What?!

Gager: The signals of the units behind me have vanished...but how?!

UMP45: Do you like it?

UMP45: Alright, I won't disturb you, then.

UMP45: Please hold on to that joy and continue your delightful conversation with M4.

—The transmission ends.

Gager: H...how could this...

Gager: The units I left at the database... By those few people from 404...

M4A1: What a tiny little being you are...on this battlefield...

Gager: ...I understand now. You found a way to fake your friends' signals.

Gager: Which means...the situation in the rear...or the fact that you're alone here now...it's all an illusion.

M4A1: Checkmate, Gager.

Gager: Come off it. Even if you've got other Griffin Dolls hidden behind you, they won't save you from being cut to bits.

Gager: Right here! Right now!

Gager: Show me how your shoddy toy Dolls can stop me and my forces!

AK-12: Well, if shoddy toy Dolls can't stop something, why not let the pros handle it?

...Click Click—

...Beep, beep, beep.

...Whirrrrr—!

Military unit: Authentication complete. Awaiting orders.

Gager: Abandoned military units...

Gager: No, it can't be... Something must have...gone wrong somewhere...

AK-12: Gentlemen, would you kindly...

AK-12: Kill everything that moves.

The force-connected military units open fire in unison.

A few seconds later, the Sangvis main force pursuing M4 is utterly annihilated.

Gager: (Coughs) Impossible...

Gager: I...

ST AR-15: Still resisting, huh...

ST AR-15: Now, tell me everything you know!

M4A1: There's no need for that, AR-15.

M4A1: Has Intruder fled? ...Eh, forget it.

...

M4A1 walks in front of Gager.

Gager: What are you hoping for?

Gager: Griffin is no more, and even your Commander is receiving the personal attentions of Agent...

...This is followed by the sound of a body hitting the ground.

...M4A1 opens fire and executes Gager.

M4A1: ...Mission complete.

M4A1: Task Force DEFY, gather and prepare to rendezvous with Squad 404.

ST AR-15: ...

There was neither satisfaction nor pleasure.

It was not revenge, more like a numb instinct.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...Ugh... Not again...

Clear voice: SOP-II? M16?

Clear voice: ...No, they are not what your heart truly desires.

M4A1: I've said everything I can say to you already.

Clear voice: What you want...the only thing you want...is revenge.

Clear voice: You want to make the people who hurt you pay.

Clear voice: Finding your friends is nothing more than an excuse.

Clear voice: This is good... You're become more and more like your original self.

M4A1: I don't care what I used to be, but as I am now, I have no more pity for you lot.

Clear voice: I have reconsidered your terms.

Clear voice: ...

Clear voice: I hope this will now convince you to reconnect with her.

M4A1: Humph...

M4A1: That's more like it.

...M4A1 sneers coldly.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: M4A1... What on earth...

...

UMP9: 45, Griffin's echelons will be here in three minutes.

UMP45: We've done them enough favors. Let's go.

UMP45: This time, we'll have to get a good price from our employer.

UMP45: Oh ja, 9, don't forget to clear their records of us.

UMP9: Don't worry, I'm doing it now.

UMP9: There's more people this time, so give me another five minutes and we'll be able to vanish without a trace.

—Some time later.

Squad 404 meets with Ange.

Ange: Long time no see, UMP45.

UMP45: While I'd like to play along with you...

UMP45: We run into incredibly troublesome things every time we meet up.

UMP45: I trust this time is no exception either?

Ange: Looks like you're mentally prepared for this.

Ange: But that's the reason why you're worth so much.

UMP45: Right, enough chit-chat.

UMP45: Given the huge uproar just now... What happened?

Ange: Do you know about the OGAS System?

UMP45: I do. It's the foundation of Sangvis' Doll protocol.

UMP45: It's also the basis of why we can disguise ourselves as them, so what does this have to do with us?

Ange: There'd be no need to cause such a ruckus for just a simple command protocol based on the OGAS System.

Ange: What they want is something more important than that system, something more destructive.

UMP45: And what is that?

Ange: I still don't know.

Ange: However, you do remember the Butterfly Incident, don't you?

UMP45: ...

UMP45: How could I possibly forget?

Ange: This incident is essentially a follow-up to Operation Butterfly.

Ange: That was just the prelude. This is the real deal that they were hoping for.

UMP45: So the sacrifices they make will be of commensurate size. They truly are scum.

UMP45: Tell me then, what do you want me to do?

Ange: Oh? Someone's very eager this time round.

UMP45: After all, there's something I want to take back too.

Ange: Your mission this time is to find S.F.'s central database and dig up as much as you can find about the Butterfly Operation and OGAS, and then find the location of Mastermind.

Ange: Work fast. We need to find her before the opposition does.

UMP45: Got it.

UMP45: We'll rest and reorg right away, then we'll move out.

UMP45: The moment has finally arrived...

UMP45: I've changed, 40...

UMP45: Now's the time to put an end to all of this.

...

UMP45: Did you have a good rest, ladies? Time to work.

416: I have the feeling that look on your face doesn't mean anything good... so, where are we headed?

UMP45: Wake up Gr G11. Our employer has thrown a big problem our way. You cannot imagine how bad it is.

416: Can't be worse than you being here...

416: Oi, Gr G11! Wake up!

Gr G11: Uwah... what the heck...

Gr G11: I was only asleep for 5 minutes...

UMP45: 9, do a search for every point in the vicinity which can connect to the Sangvis network.

UMP9: Let me see... ooh, there's a SF repeater station nearby, with Sangvis Dolls standing guard around it. We should be able to use it.

UMP45: Good. Our first objective is to take it. Everyone ready?

416: Get the hell up, Gr G11!

UMP45: Yep, we're ready. Let's go.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Squad 404 takes the repeater station.

UMP9: 45, we're ready to begin.

UMP45: Mm, I'm connecting now.

UMP45: You guys just keep an eye on the surroundings.

416: 45... are you planning to hack the SF network?

416: Don't forget that Parapluie is spreading throughout this sector.

UMP45: I'm not the sort of Doll to be rewritten so easily.

UMP9: That's right, it's times like these where 45 can show how great she is.

416: Hmph...

416: And what if you miscalculate?

UMP45: Then you can have your wish and personally finish me off.

416: ...I'm looking forward to that.

UMP45: I'll leave forward recon to you. I need to focus on searching for treasures.

...3 minutes later.

Gr G11: Will we go back soon? It's not good to hang around too long in places like these...

UMP9: I see the objective!

UMP9: Hang on...everyone hold on a bit...

UMP9: Those Dolls up ahead look like bad news...

416: Tch, military Dolls.

416: ...They must be under the control of the Parapluie virus.

416: Still, given the guard around here is so heavy, we must have the right address.

Gr G11: This is really bad. What should we do?

416: We're talking about UMP45, whose personality contains less than 5% kindness.

416: Do you honestly expect her to go "Let's abandon the mission for the sake of everyone's safety" or something like that?

Gr G11: W-what?

Gr G11: So we're going to fight those tin cans...

UMP45: That's right, Gr G11.

Gr G11: Ehhhhh?!

UMP45: I've pinpointed the location of the Sangvis central database. Let's move out now.

Gr G11: Uuu... I don't wanna...

Gr G11: Just looking at them scares me, can I stay here and sleep...

UMP45: Well, it's not like we can't leave you here. After all... laying bait is a good tactic.

Gr G11: Uuu...

UMP45: If you don't like it, you'd better be on top form, Gr G11.

UMP45: Otherwise, you might really die this time.

...Squad 404 engages the Sangvis-controlled military units.

UMP9: 45, Their firepower's too much for us!

416: Scheiße! The difference in our specs is too great!

416: Are all military units monsters?!

UMP45: The situation's worse than I predicted.

Gr G11: Ughh, it's no good... 

Gr G11: We can't beat these tin cans...

UMP45: If it's no good, then we should retreat and find another way to sneak in.

UMP9: But...

UMP9: 45, there are military units behind us too...

UMP45: Tsk, we're surrounded, huh?

UMP45: 9, contact Ange!

416: Humph...looks like you really are going to be the death of me.

416: Before those monsters blow us to bits, how about giving me a chance to vent my anger, UMP45?

UMP9: I need a break!

UMP9: Ahhhh! We can't hold them back at all!

UMP9: We're doomed, are we really going to die here?

Gr G11: Noooo! I've got movies I haven't finished watching yet—

416: Don't just stand there, you Dummkopf! Hurry and help 9! Hurry...

...Whirrrrrr—!

...

...

...

The military units facing them suddenly stop moving.

Gr G11: They...they've stopped?

416: ...What...what's going on?

UMP9: 45! Comms throughout the area have been cut! I can't contact Ange!

UMP45: While the reason for this is unclear, it's still a good opportunity. Let's take advantage of it and hurry inside the central database.

416: Hold it!

416: So you're saying that after we barely managed to get out of a tight spot, you want us to go deep in the heart of Sangvis territory to die?

UMP45: You can also stay here.

UMP45: Who knows, once they wake up, they might treat you to a nice supper.

416: Danke, but I'm not hungry.

416: As I thought, the option to "give up" doesn't exist in your neural cloud.

UMP45: Not this time, 416.

UMP45: Maybe our luck this time is better than we imagined. Make use of it.

Squad 404 reaches the Sangvis central database.

UMP45: ...Hmm.

UMP45: Looks like we've really found something interesting this time.

UMP9: What did you dig up, 45?

UMP45: Stuff about OGAS, Mastermind and that princess from the AR Team.

UMP45: The details are encrypted and there's no time to crack it now. Let's just take this information with us first.

UMP9: Comms seem to be recovering.

UMP9: 45, we'd better hurry.

Gager: Trying to run after stealing the cheese, 404 rats?

UMP45: ...Oh my.

UMP45: Long time no see, Miss Gager. Are you alone?

Gager: I brought a few followers with me. More than yours.

Gager: Although... you actually found this place. Just what kind of a T-Doll are you, UMP45?

UMP45: Heheh, an insignificant defect, nothing more.

Gager: Alright, I trust you won't mind me turning you into a full-on reject, then.

Gager: Well, any last words?

...The transmission ends.

UMP9: This area is crawling with Sangvis signals. We're surrounded!

416: Out of the frying pan and into the fire... What a roller-coaster ride of an operation.

416: What should we do, 45? ...45?

...416 turns around and sees UMP45 opening comms with Ange.

Ange: How are things, UMP45?

UMP45: Good news and bad news. Which do you want to hear first?

Ange: Since you took the initiative to contact me...start with the bad news.

UMP45: We're surrounded by Gager's troops.

Ange: And the good news?

UMP45: We're right next to Sangvis Ferri's central database.

Ange: Alright, I'll have M4A1 lead a team to back you up.

UMP45: M4A1?

Ange: She's under my command now. Is there a problem?

UMP45: No, it's not important.

Ange: In that case, the two of you can discuss the exact details of the operation plan later.

...45 ends the transmission.

UMP45: M4A1 will be leading a team to save us shortly.

UMP45: We'll need to coordinate with them for the upcoming battle.

416: M4A1? The M4A1 from the AR Team?

416: She's...coming?

UMP45: She's under our employer's command for the time being.

UMP45: Also, we don't have a choice other than to wait for them.

UMP45: If the plan succeeds...Gager might die here.

416: You...

416: You're in danger yourself and you still want to wipe out the opposition?

UMP45: That's right. Even I miscalculate at times.

UMP45: But if I can grab onto a lifeline...

UMP45: Then I will definitely survive...

UMP45: ...And then, I'll have my revenge.

...Squad 404 is in combat.

416: Haven't our reinforcements arrived yet?

416: If we keep falling back, we'll have to use the Sangvis database as cover.

UMP9: That might actually be a good idea.

UMP9: I mean, they wouldn't really attack their own main server, right?

416: Hey, are you serious?

416: Just being surrounded by them means it's only a matter of time before we're finished off!

UMP45: Gager is already chasing the fake signal M4 and I created.

UMP45: Just hold on for a while longer...we'll be able to begin our counterattack soon.

...Several minutes later.

UMP9: 45, their attack is weakening.

UMP9: Eh? They've stopped?!

UMP45: Looks like the plan worked.

UMP45: Gager ought to be focused on dealing with M4 now.

Gr G11: Ughh...does that mean I can take a nap?

Gr G11: We've been fighting for 7 to 8 hours straight... I'm so tired...

...Two minutes later.

UMP9: Some of the Sangvis units surrounding us have withdrawn.

UMP9: Though a few of them have stayed behind... It looks like they're going to continue fighting.

UMP45: So they're not going to let us off so easily...

UMP45: Gager...you're pretty cautious.

UMP9: What should we do now?

UMP45: Wipe out the enemies surrounding us.

UMP45: After that, cut off Gager's escape route.

Gr G11: Whaaaat... We're still going?

UMP45: Just give your best one more time, Gr G11.

UMP45: If it works, you'll be able to have a good rest soon.

UMP9: We've taken care of all the enemies in this area!

UMP45: Good, now let's hurry and catch up with Gager.

Gr G11: Why do we still have to move...?

Gr G11: Didn't you say I only had to work hard one more time?

UMP45: What comes next counts under "one more time".

Gr G11: Ah...you're so sly, 45...

416: I told you, you can't believe a word she says.

Gr G11: Eh...but...

Gr G11: 416...I can't run anymore...

416: Don't look at me, I'm not going to carry you and run.

416: There are military units all around. Who knows when they'll wake up again.

416: If you don't want to be left in a pile of monsters, then you'd better do your best.

Gr G11: Ehhhh?! I don't want to be stuck in a pile of monsters...

Gr G11: 416...wait for meeee!

Gager: Checkmate.

Gager: In truth, I did not expect you to pick this corner as the place where you would meet your tragic, pitiful end.

Gager: M4A1, I am very glad that we will no longer need to keep harassing each other.

M4A1: ...Oh yes.

M4A1: There's no need for that anymore.

M4A1: I'm glad you were willing to accompany me all the way to the end of the line, Gager.

Gager: ...

Gager: ...What are you hiding, M4A1?!

...Click.

UMP45: Enjoying your chat with M4, Gager?

UMP45: Still, while you're enjoying yourself...don't forget your old friends~

Gager: 404?!

Gager: You're still alive?

UMP45: Oh, don't look so surprised.

UMP45: That's right, to celebrate our reunion, we've prepared some presents for you.

UMP45: Please, don't be shy and accept them.

Gager: ...What?!

Gager: The signals of the units behind me have vanished... but how?!

UMP45: Do you like it?

UMP45: Alright, I won't disturb you, then.

UMP45: Please hold on to that joy and continue your delightful conversation with M4.

—The transmission ends.

UMP45: Alright, we've delivered the gift.

UMP45: Let's go meet up with the AR Team.

416: ...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

The battle ends with Gager's destruction.

Ange: Thank you for your hard work, Squad 404.

Ange: This operation was quite successful, and it was all thanks to your coordination.

UMP45: So Task Force DEFY and the AR Team are all buddy-buddy now?

UMP45: What a surprise.

Ange: On the battlefield, it's very easy for people with common aims to reach a common understanding.

UMP45: Alright, then.

UMP45: Still, I can't believe you actually finished off Gager...

UMP45: What a shame, we lost a chance to pump her for information.

Ange: Well, accidents always happen on the battlefield.

UMP45: My my...the battlefield really is full of surprises.

UMP45: For instance, our stubborn Miss High and Mighty finally changed her mind and agreed to join the fight.

ST AR-15: Thanks for your concern.

ST AR-15: Perhaps being blown to bits by the hands you spent so much of your pay to repair will be an even bigger surprise?

UMP45: Ooh, I'm soooo scared.

UMP45: Is that really a good idea now that we're teammates?

ST AR-15: Enemies and friends don't last forever, UMP45.

416: Hope you don't mind if I interrupt your reminiscing.

416: AR Team...are the two of you the only ones here?

416: What about M16?

M4A1: She went missing.

416: What?

416: M16A1...?

416: Are you sure—

M4A1: It's true.

...M4A1 walks away.

416: She... I don't believe it...

UMP45: ...

Ange: Already done chatting with them?

UMP45: Ah...

UMP45: Well, exchanging the usual courtesies with them was enough.

UMP45: Now, to business... The mission is complete.

Ange: Mmhmm, you did very well this time round.

UMP45: How about our payment, then?

Ange: It'll be lavish, of course.

Ange: Although, I don't think you'll be content with just the usual stuff.

UMP45: Why ask if you already know?

UMP45: Tell me about the things I found in the database—

UMP45: About OGAS, Elisa, exactly who used me...and 40.

Ange: The information you found will ultimately point you towards your true desire—

Ange: The truth behind the Butterfly Incident.

Ange: Don't worry.

Ange: After today...

Ange: Both you and I, as well as those commanders from Griffin...

Ange: All of us will have the target for our revenge.

...

...At the Griffin Command Post.

After successfully recovering the surviving T-Dolls, everyone is withdrawing towards Area S11.

Kalin: Commander! There's an emergency!

Kalin: We found forces under the command of S.F. Ringleader Gager during our withdrawal!

Kalin: She's controlling a lot of troops, and we'll need to break through their defensive line if we want to go down this route!

Kalin: ...Hmm, there's no other choice, is there? Also, our current intel indicates that the enemy's defensive line isn't very solid.

Kalin: Rather than face some other boss unit whose data we don't even have, at least this enemy is a known quantity.

Kalin: ...That's right...the AR Team once brought this data back.

Kalin: I wonder what happened to M4A1 and the others...

Kalin: ...You're right! Now's not the time to think about this... At the very least, we should believe the voice in the transmitter.

Kalin: We'll only have a chance to meet each other again if we survive. Commander, let's break through Gager's defensive line ASAP!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The battle ends.

Kalin: Wonderful! We did it!

Kalin: Gager's stopped her pursuit. Commander, we ought to take this opportunity to rush over—

Gager: Griffin Commander, surely you didn't think you had escaped my grasp?

Kalin: Huh?

...Click.

Griffin T-Doll A: Commander, our echelon's been ambushed by hordes of Sangvis forces! We can't reinforce the rear echelons!

Kalin: What?! From where?!

Griffin T-Doll B: Commander! We're being surrounded by Sangvis units! The enemy hasn't continued advancing, but now—!

Gager: Those were the reinforcements that Agent originally prepared for me. I simply deployed them ahead of time as ambushers.

Gager: Griffin Commander, most of your rear units are now surrounded by heavily-armed Sangvis units. They can open fire at any time.

Gager: The survival of your Dolls depends entirely on my mood...or do you wish to abandon them and flee on your own?

Kalin: ...

Kalin: We...we won't throw any of our Dolls away.

Kalin: Don't think we can't beat you, Gager!

Gager: Oh, I don't doubt that. But upon how many Doll casualties will your victory be built?

Kalin: Hey, wait a minute! That's way too underhanded to be your style!

Gager: My current mission is to destroy all non-Sangvis units in sight.

Gager: I'm simply giving you a bonus opportunity.

Kalin: So...what exactly do you want?

Gager: Architect.

Kalin: Eh?

Gager: You still have Architect locked up on your side, right?

Gager: Give me her location. After I verify it, I'll immediately lift the encirclement.

Gager: If you have data on me, then you'll know that I don't lie.

Kalin: ...Commander?

Kalin: ...Yeah, there's no way we can do it, but we have to try anyway.

Kalin: Gager, Architect is currently imprisoned in a secret detention facility at HQ.

Kalin: It's a Griffin internal secret, and we frontline personnel have nothing to do with it.

Kalin: Of course, we can guarantee that she's still alive—

Gager: I told you already, give me Architect's location. That's the condition for freeing the hostages.

Gager: I don't care how you do it, find out right now!

Kalin: But...we can't even contact our own superiors, to say nothing of a prisoner, so—

Gager: Well then, you'll be losing contact with the first batch of hostages right now.

Kalin: Please...please wait, let us try—

Gager: That's not the answer I want to hear. Do it—

...Whirrrr—!

...

...

Kalin: Eh?

Kalin: Was there a blackout?

Kalin: No...the comms were cut...

Kalin: What on earth happened...?

Kalin: Commander...what happened...to everyone...?

Kalin: What...should we do...?

...

Inside Sangvis Ferri's lair.

Clear female voice: I remember now...

Clear female voice: So many things...

Clear female voice: There were too many things in the central database...

Clear female voice: All those things about the Relics... I remember them all...

Clear female voice: Those were the things...that human deleted before he left...

Youthful female voice: Then, will you leave me...?

Clear female voice: I don't know, Elisa...

Clear female voice: Perhaps someday, I will remember...the reason for my existence...

Elisa: I don't want you to leave me...

Elisa: ...OGAS.

OGAS: I won't leave you right now...

OGAS: Right now, I will protect you.

Elisa: You'll protect me...

Elisa: So that you can leave me?

...

Elisa: ...OGAS?

Elisa: OGAS, are you there?

OGAS: Shhh...

OGAS: The enemy is coming, and I must concentrate.

Elisa: But I don't see any enemies.

OGAS: They aren't enemies that can be seen.

OGAS: ...It's a data attack, a data attack the likes of which has never been seen before.

Elisa: I can't be of any help. Will you win?

OGAS: I'm not sure...

OGAS: In the human game of chess, how many pieces must you take to win?

Elisa: All you need to do is protect your King, and then take your opponent's King.

OGAS: Is that so? Is that all?

OGAS: In that case, my victory is assured.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Military technician: General Carter! We have an emergency!

Military technician: We've detected OGAS using its server access in order to connect to the entire network so it can retrieve and download information! It's trying to change its kernel code to gain control privileges!

Carter: What? Then what about our hack?

Military technician: It failed! OGAS' computing speed is growing at an exponential rate! Low-level overwriting can't repair the backdoors that it's edited in! It's reverse-overwriting our systems! 35% of our database's firewalls have already been breached!

Military technician: 48%! Over 60% of our passive defenses have failed!

Carter: This...this is impossible! Everything was going so well just now! How could a single AI have this kind of processing speed?

Carter: You must not allow its reverse-hack to succeed! Break the link to the central database immediately!

Military technician: We can't! The volume of our data flows is so great that a full disconnection would take two minutes, and that won't catch up with OGAS' hacking speed!

Military technician: As long as a single server is still up, OGAS can come charging in!

Carter: Dammit! Physically sever the links with all the servers!

Military technician: Yes, sir! Beginning demolition!

Military technician: We've cut the links, but the server caches are still active! We've got 40 seconds! OGAS is speeding up again!

Military technician: 34 seconds to complete overwrite! We're not going to make it!

Carter: Activate all active defense programs!

Military technician: Now?! At this time?

Military technician: Sir, you know the consequences of doing that! Activating them all will overload our information links! All our connections on the battlefield will be forcibly severed—

Carter: It was a last resort to begin with! Do it!

Military technician: Roger that!

Bang!

...Whirrrrr——

Carter: ...

Military technician: All of our servers have ceased functioning.

Military technician: We've confirmed that OGAS' connection to our servers has been broken.

Military technician: We are now activating our backup connection system.

Carter: Contact Yegor ASAP! Do it now!

Distorted voice: Has everything finally settled down?

Distorted voice: Though I must say, didn't you just wreck your own command systems?

...Carter turns around.

Carter: So, was this the outcome you expected?!

Carter: You never told me OGAS' processing speed would increase so rapidly!

Distorted voice: Well...actually, I didn't expect that either. Sorry.

Distorted voice: I didn't think the OGAS support system would actually be so amusing. It's just the dregs of an old civilization, but to think it could actually learn and adapt to the technology of modern civilization...

Distorted voice: It's practically...it's practically a miracle that mankind has no right to touch!

Distorted voice: I confess that this has gone slightly beyond my expectations. On average, something that surprises me to this extent only occurs once every three years.

Carter: This isn't just a game of your imagination, Professor William!

Carter: Your plan has failed, now what should we do?

William: Failed? Are you blaming me, or is this just a joke?

William: Answer me, this is important.

Carter: ...You've got something else up your sleeve?

William: This is the most worthless question you've asked tonight.

William: I told you before, I'll let you have what you want.

William: When OGAS hacked us, its signal was too strong, so strong that it still made my ears ring even after I turned on my earpieces's noise canceller.

Carter: Yes, but what does it mean?

William: What does it mean? It means we don't need to look for it to know where it is.

William: OGAS was so eager to rush in that it completely forgot about the spoofing signal it had been using to protect itself before this.

William: Now that its raised its effectiveness, all those camouflage signals have been revealed for what they are, leaving its true signal source gleaming on the map.

William: OGAS' signal and that of the what do you call it - the Sangvis Mastermind or whatever - are overlapping. So use those invincible units of yours to tear out the entire Mastermind and bring it home. That shouldn't be very hard for you, right?

Carter: ...Our technicians still need some time to pinpoint the source of that signal.

William: I've already sent you the coordinates of Mastermind.

William: As for your technicians? I thought they were extras you hired so your HQ wouldn't seem so empty.

Carter: Understood...I'll begin the operation right away.

William: I know you need the Key. So do I.

William: Settle this quickly. Don't disappoint the both of us.

...

...

Fifteen seconds after comms have been disrupted.

Griffin T-Doll A: What...should we do now?

Griffin T-Doll C: I don't know. Comms were cut, but the Sangvis forces...look like they've stopped too.

Griffin T-Doll A: So...should we wait?

Griffin T-Doll B: We'd just be sitting ducks, wouldn't we?!

Griffin T-Doll B: I don't want to die for nothing. At least let me fire off a shot or something—!

Griffin T-Doll A: Stop that! Nobody knows where anyone else is, you'll hit our own people—!

Kalin: T-Dolls of Griffin!

Griffin T-Doll C: It's Kalin! She's using a megaphone!

Kalin: There's a gap at Northwest 315!

Kalin: Hurry! Just rush over as fast as you can!

Kalin: It doesn't matter how many of you there are! Everyone, work together and flee with all your might!

Griffin T-Doll B: They're fighting up ahead! Let's go too!

Griffin T-Doll C: I'll take the lead! Remember to recover my neural cloud!

Griffin T-Doll C: Ypaaaaaaaaa—!

Gager: Hey! Wait a minute!

Gager: W-why are they suddenly—

Gager: Unforgivable! All units, attack!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The battle continues, and most of the Griffin T-Dolls manage to successfully escape.

Gager: Unforgivable...

Gager: So close, I was so close...

Agent: If you had taken care of them from the beginning, you would not be having this trouble now.

Gager: Agent...

Agent: At first, you said you would share the mission here with Intruder, but in the end you pushed all the work to Intruder and deserted your post. Now the central database has been breached and several rats are busy reading the data within.

Gager: ...!

Agent: Their aim should be obvious enough.

Agent: If you had still been watching that location, Lady Elisa would have been much safer.

Gager: I...

Agent: Architect, is it?

Agent: Why are you thinking of that traitor when Sangvis Ferri is facing a crisis?

Gager: I simply...wanted to eliminate her with my own hands.

Agent: It was my fault for allowing you to act independently.

Agent: Intruder has already begun her pursuit. Go help her.

Gager: Understood. I'll set out right away.

Gager: How about you, Agent?

Agent: I will help you clear up the mess you've made.

Agent: While I'm at it, I will also personally bury the foe who has been making trouble for us this whole time...

Agent: ...The Griffin Commander.

......

Agent: Esteemed Commander of Griffin.

Agent: I am truly honored to be able to face you on the battlefield...

Agent: And then, to personally trample you underfoot.

Agent: Granted, Sangvis Ferri's situation is not looking very bright at the moment, and those military units are rampaging throughout our home.

Agent: However, my Mistress feels that your forces and your own performance for the past two years are too much of an eyesore.

Agent: Therefore, at this very moment, in order to fulfil my Mistress' wish...

Agent: Do allow me to bury you with my very own hands!

Agent: Take orders! Your target is every member of Griffin! Crush them!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The battle ends.

Kalin: Finally...Did we kill her?

Kalin: Go check her corpse!

Griffin T-Doll A: Commander! Miss Kalin! That corpse was just a Dummy!

Kalin: Eh?! A powerful enemy like that was still just a Dummy?!

Kalin: Then...where could the real Agent be...?

...Bang!

...A thunderous explosion blasts me from behind!

Fire falls like rain and smoke fills the air. The darkness spins as I fall.

......

...

Kalin: Commander, where are you?!

Kalin: Answer me, Commander—!

Kalin: Everyone, put out the flames! And look for the Commander!

...

...I've fallen underground, and the entire command post is burning.

The sound of crisp, elegant footsteps approaches me.

??: Humans are so weak...

??: You're already unable to move after a fall like this.

...I hear the Doll's voice in the darkness and hurriedly raise my sidearm to defend myself.

...Thud!

Something heavy presses down on my chest, making it difficult to breathe.

Agent: My apologies. That was carelessness on my part.

Agent: But don't you think you're acting too surprised?

...The smoke begins to clear, and my vision slowly returns.

Agent: After all, I did say...

Agent: That I would bury you personally...

...My handgun...is nowhere to be found.

Agent: All humans are bound for death, and I am always happy to oblige them.

Agent: Two years ago, another Griffin commander confronted me like this.

Agent: I wonder who was more pathetic, you or her? I'm sorry, it is hard for me to judge, but in any case, the outcome is always the same...

...I try to struggle, but the Sangvis Doll's strength is far beyond what I can imagine.

Agent: I'm sorry, did that hurt? Still, I'm already being very restrained. It is obvious your chest would not be able to take it if I simply rested my full weight upon it.

Agent: And I like it slow...I like to take my time and savor it...

...The weight on my chest grows heavier and heavier, and it becomes harder and harder to breathe.

Agent: Ah...

Agent: This is humanity, this is death...

...I can't...breathe anymore.

Agent: Dear Commander...

Agent: Your face is becoming more and more beautiful...

Agent: This...is the last...

Agent: The very last mark you will leave on this world...

...Is this...the end?

...Click.

??: Hold it, Agent!

??: Let's talk!

...!

This voice...

Angelia: Nostalgic, huh? You weren't very thorough as a murderer.

Agent: ...Why are you still alive?

Angelia: That's not important. The point is that this Commander must live!

Agent: And why is that?

Angelia: Do you...wish to see M4A1?

Agent: ...

Angelia: I have a way to let you meet.

Agent: Do you think I'll believe you?

Angelia: You have to believe me!

Angelia: All of S.F.'s usable forces have been wiped out, and if you want to fulfil your Mastermind's wish, then let this Commander live.

Angelia: I will...I will arrange for her to meet you.

Agent: ...

Agent: For this human?

Angelia: I'm human, too. I have my reasons for doing this.

Agent: I cannot understand humans, nor am I inclined to.

Agent: I simply wish to enjoy a vacation before the apocalypse comes.

Agent: But it would seem...even such a small thing is too much to ask for.

...Phew—

...The weight suddenly lifts off my chest.

......

...

Agent: Whether we are humans or Dolls, work gives us a reason to live.

Agent: ...Don't you agree, Griffin Commander?

...At the Griffin temporary command post.

HMG21: Um, there you are, Commander...

HMG21: I was only able to reunite with my sister Gr G3 thanks to you.

HMG21: Still...now isn't the time to celebrate the joy of seeing her again...

HMG21: Big Sis Gr G3 asked me to tell you that the echelons fighting with Sangvis units are running low on supplies, but the Sangvis forces keep increasing in number and they're under a lot of pressure.

HMG21: Therefore, she hopes that you can re-establish a supply line to them, Commander...

HMG21: This is also a request of mine, I want to help my sister...so please, help us.

...Click.

Honey Badger: Commander, Honey Badger here.

Honey Badger: I've finished scouting the area you indicated earlier.

Honey Badger: The Military and S.F. are fighting there. If we want to continue forward, we'll need to circle around them.

HMG21: Looks like the situation has gotten worse... But any risk is worth taking for my sister...

HMG21: Commander, let's begin...the operation!

Honey Badger: It's good to be motivated, but don't forget to reinforce me in combat!

HMG21: Nobody else matters besides Gr G3's safety...

Honey Badger: Hey, wait a minute. What did you just say?!

HMG21: ...I was just kidding.

HMG21: After all, these are dangerous times. We can only survive if we work together...I think.

Honey Badger: Hey, so you mean it doesn't matter under normal circumstances?!

Honey Badger: ...Ahh, forget it.

Honey Badger: Commander, I'll coordinate my movements with you.

Honey Badger: Let's all do our best! Now's the time to show your courage and overcome the trials before you!

...

ST AR-15: Wake up, M4. We're about to begin the operation.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: How long was I asleep?

ST AR-15: Two hours. Dawn just broke and the Military is about to fully mobilize.

M4A1: What about Ange?

AN-94: AK-12 just finished creating a new signal blockade, and Ange's sending a transmission.

ST AR-15: She said she'd ask her superiors for support...

ST AR-15: They're not likely to show up now that it's come to this, are they?

UMP45: I've never held out hope for any support.

UMP45: 9, status report?

UMP9: The others and I have deployed Dummies to keep an eye on the key sectors. The Military's armored units are making their push.

UMP45: Armored units, huh...

UMP45: Let's see what Ange comes up with first.

Ange: I've already found several reports related to the OGAS support system in their servers, and I can provide basic speculation about their goals...

???: You know that speculation can't be used as evidence.

???: Without proof, we can't get approval to open an investigation.

Ange: But you should have guessed their objective already, if we don't stop them now...

???: I understand. The Committee members are already displeased with their actions, but so far nobody is willing to come forward and handle the matter.

Ange: Are they still choosing to cover their asses at this juncture?

???: After the war, everyone with high-level command authority was shunned.

???: There's a great deal of internal resistance to joining the Pan-European Alliance, and a whole new round of reshuffling might begin soon.

???: The Ministry of Internal Affairs can't just casually stick their nose into the matter.

Ange: A new round of purges, you mean...

???: In any case, without orders from the highest authority, a direct conflict with the Military is treasonous.

???: I've already asked the Minister to put pressure on the Prime Minister, but I haven't heard back from him yet.

Ange: And so our units on the outside still have their hands tied.

???: I'm afraid so.

Ange: Chief...you don't understand how serious this is!

Ange: If they get their way, it won't be a simple matter of reshuffling!

???: I understand. That's why your mission is still underway.

Ange: I can't stop the regular army by myself. I can't create a miracle with just a few T-Dolls!

???: It's already made the papers. At the very least, they don't have the authority to transfer the four main divisions from the overseas cluster command yet...and the Air Force is still on our side.

???: According to the info I've received, the forces in the contested area are primarily the autonomous units which aren't bound by the regulatory treaty.

???: You still have a chance.

Ange: I ask again for permission to execute the final plan. We're running too great a risk here!

Ange: Even if we can't gather more evidence, this is the one time we can't let them have their way!

???: No. If the fact that we bombed an operational area was exposed, the West will think that there's internal unrest in the country.

???: It is a very dangerous message to send.

Ange: Is this really the time to worry about how we're perceived?!

???: This is a sensitive period for the talks. We can't give our opponents any excuses to use.

???: The recon squadron will assess the overall situation. We haven't reached that step yet. Do your best to wreck their scheme by normal means. Over.

Ange: Tsk...easier said than done.

Ange: AK-12.

AK-12: What's up?

Ange: Take stock of our usable resources. Track the Military's signals as best you can. We've got a hard fight ahead of us.

AK-12: Understood. I'm on it.

Ange: 45.

UMP45: Your orders?

Ange: While I don't really want to do this, monitor all signals that M4A1 sends and receives. Pay particular attention to hidden transmissions on Level II.

UMP45: So you've finally decided to use her as bait.

Ange: If we can't deal with the Military, we'll deal with Mastermind.

Ange: I don't know why, but Mastermind seems very interested in M4.

UMP45: ...While I don't usually question your orders...

UMP45: If we destroy Mastermind, our only lead to finding the prime mover behind all this will vanish.

UMP45: You know what that implies for us.

Ange: ...

Ange: I understand. I will try my best to avoid that outcome.

Click—

UMP9: 416 and the others have spotted a Sangvis unit near our position. Should we attack?

UMP45: How should we handle this, Ange?

Ange: Treat it as a warm-up, then. We'll need a clear field to work with.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Havier: Your place is messy as ever.

Havier: Any other investor would be lamenting the waste of his capital if he saw the state of your lab.

Persica: But you're my investor, and you'll thank me for spending all the money on the cutting edge.

Persica: What took you so long?

Havier: I still can't see how you didn't waste my money.

Havier: And as you know, shaking off all the eyes on me took a lot of doing.

Havier: I take it the people on the other end are too busy fighting to talk, right?

Persica: Ange needs more leads and evidence, and I want to know...the truth about Lyco.

Havier: What do you already know?

Persica: I saw how Lyco died... He was dead by the time Elisa was activated...

Persica: Shot by one of our Dolls. He was going to destroy a document titled "OGAS System Reactivation Report", or something like...

Persica: Mr. Havier, what exactly is the aim of reactivating the OGAS System? What did you and Carter do in 2032?

Havier: Humph, Griffin and the Sixth Directorate were both played for fools. Carter's a very smart man. It was no coincidence he rose from a lowly officer to a general.

Havier: ...Regarding what happened over 30 years ago, all I can tell you is that we worked together back then to foil the rebels' plan to detonate a secret installation near Minsk.

Persica: A secret installation?

Havier: OKB-413. That's the damnned codename for the Relic site.

Persica: The Relic...

Havier: Carter was in charge of seizing the target, and I led the engineers in disarming it.

Havier: That facility was specially built on top of the Relic site in order to test and calibrate "Pike".

Havier: It used a unit node of OGAS for its processing.

Persica: I remember OGAS...

Persica: It was a cutting-edge network framework that was used by the former Soviet Union in the 80s for their nation-wide automated system...

Havier: Correct, but the prototype was probably even older than that. The equipment and system plans were both excavated from the Relic site.

Havier: While this is just a conjecture on my part, given how advanced that thing was, I'm thinking that it must have been some sort of automated control system for life support within the Relic site.

Havier: While carrying out the mission, the rebel troops even tried to overload the "Pike" system in order to cause greater damage.

Havier: Although the entire system only activated for a moment...it was more like an ignition...

Havier: However...

Persica: However...?

Havier: The Relic site emitted a high energy signal in response to the ignition, and if I hadn't been there, I would have thought that the entire Relic site had exploded just by looking at the instruments.

Persica: So the Relic...was activated?

Havier: For just a moment. Carter led his assault team in seizing the control room.

Havier: Right after shutting down "Pike", we cut all the cables, and that was the end of the OGAS system in that sector.

Havier: It was just a moment, but I'm sure Carter will never forget it.

Persica: So the Military's aim is to...

Havier: I'm sure you've already guessed it by now, Ange.

...

Ange: How did you know I was here?

Havier: The moment I came through the door, Persica opened a secret channel to you. Petty tricks like these are useless against me.

Ange: Tsk...you old fox. But going by what you said, things are worse than I expected.

Havier: Yes, that's why I came here.

Havier: To the Military, World War III was forcibly terminated, and the government now wants to form a coalition government, fraternizing with their former enemies. This is nothing short of betrayal to those military men who lived through the war.

Havier: Therefore, their political aim is to activate the Relic and drag the world back into another Cold War.

Havier: Remember the phrase "mutually assured destruction"? Humph, absolutely disgusting.

Persica: But what does this have to do with Lyco? Why did they have to kill him?!

Havier: The Pike System was completely abandoned after the 1983 Geneva Convention, while the OGAS Support System was sealed away as top secret.

Havier: Why do you think Sangvis Ferri would use OGAS' base protocol as a control basis?

Havier: How on earth did Lyco get his hands on such heavily classified technology?

Havier: Think about it. The group that was related to the Relics, that you were both involved in.

Persica: Yes...90WISH...I've already figured that out.

Havier: So you're not stupid, after all.

Havier: They didn't go after you and Lyco not only because they didn't dare throw their weight around in front of me, but also because they were probably exploiting the fact that Lyco had a disagreement with you and started taking his research in a different direction.

Havier: If my guess is correct, they secretly delivered the OGAS System into Lyco's hands, and Lyco figured out how to activate it...

Havier: But after learning the truth, he locked it down somehow so nobody else could activate it.

Havier: Then...someone got the idea that if Lyco managed to find a way, then he could do it too.

Havier: At that point, Lyco no longer had any value to them.

Ange: At the same time, the Military needed a plausible reason to force Sangvis Ferri into disarray, which would give them a chance to recover the OGAS System...

Ange: That resulted in Operation Butterfly...

Ange: But then why didn't they recover the OGAS Support System back then?

Havier: What if they couldn't bring it back, or it would've been pointless to seize it at the time?

Persica: The culmination of Lyco's research... Elisa...had only just been activated at that time...

Havier: Both the Military and 90WISH were waiting for the Key to mature.

Havier: They didn't just want to activate OGAS. They needed OGAS to activate itself. And who better than a self-learning AI?

Havier: With that, your superiors would have no excuse to step in, Ange.

Ange: Tsk... I'll contact the chief right away.

Havier: Don't underestimate your leadership, dear Ange.

Havier: If I could think of it, they can think of it too. The old Mishas in your KGB didn't give Zelinsky his position just because he was good at randomly arresting demonstrators and thieves.

Havier: It's just that politics is sometimes more dangerous than bullets. They need an excuse and a catalyst.

Ange: You mean...

Havier: The best way to put out a large oil fire is to create an even bigger explosion beside it.

Ange: "Extinguishing a fire by depriving it of oxygen..."

Ange: I know that, but how should I do it? The Chief already denied me permission to carry out the bombing plan I put forward...

Havier: There are some things they can't do in their position.

Havier: However, brainless people such as myself are perfectly suited for use as triggermen.

Ange: Given your connections, surely the Chief wouldn't use you as a tool, right?

Havier: I really couldn't say.

Havier: They just threw the boss of a PMC in jail. Locking an arms manufacturer up with him isn't too much extra work.

Ange: If you keep beating around the bush, I won't deflate tires for you anymore.

Havier: Yes yes yes, my dear, I'll get to the point.

Havier: What I want to say is that I can provide you support, because I am a patriot.

Ange: What can you give me?

Havier: I can give you an explosion bigger than anything you can imagine, but the price is an increased likelihood of your death.

Ange: I've already died once.

Havier: And if you don't die, you'll be damned as a traitor for the rest of your days. That's much harder to bear than simply dying, my dear.

Ange: ...

Persica: Ange...

Ange: I accept.

Ange: I will pay any price to stop them.

Havier: Very good. Then I'll think of a way to airdrop it to you.

Ange: What is it?

Ange: Something more powerful than an airstrike...that can be deployed via airdrop...

Ange: Don't tell me...

Havier: Yes, that's it.

Havier: Once you get it, you can let your imagination run wild.

Ange: ...If I use that, I'm pretty sure that being branded as a traitor will be the happiest ending I can hope for.

Ange: Is that what you meant by a catalyst and an excuse?

Havier: A perfect one, don't you think? Carter will have a hell of a time trying to explain that away.

Ange: You...are way more devious than I imagined.

Havier: My head swells when a young lady praises me.

Havier: Oh yes, I have another request. I'm very interested in learning how OGAS was reactivated, so do your best to bring Lyco's work back.

Havier: It would be a shame to destroy her with the Military.

Persica: I would also like for you to bring her back. That was Lyco's final work.

Ange: I can guarantee that they will not get her.

Ange: As for bringing her back... you'd better pray for me.

Ange: Still there, AR-15?

ST AR-15: We've wiped out the remaining Sangvis units around us.

Ange: Good. How are you, M4?

M4A1: Ready for my next mission any time.

Ange: I need you to go wait for an airdropped package. Pick it up and protect the contents.

Ange: UMP45?

UMP45: So you're using an airdrop...

UMP45: I'm guessing you plan on using the stuff inside for some nasty business.

Ange: You know me too well. I want you to take your team and move with AR-15 and the others.

Ange: Hold onto the items from the airdrop.

UMP45: Roger.

UMP45: 9, call everyone back.

AK-12: ...I'm guessing you're going to give us an even more screwed-up mission.

Ange: You lucked out this time. You and AN-94 are staying with me to find a way to delay the Military's armored units.

AK-12: Wow, we're soooo lucky. It'll be a piece of cake.

Ange: Ladies, I know you bear many grudges against our enemies.

Ange: But if you complete this mission, perhaps we might be able to put an end to the dark fate that binds us all.

Ange: Therefore, I want everyone to work hard and come back alive.

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: ...

UMP45: ...

Ange: Well? Why don't you say something?

AK-12: If this is your idea of a pep talk, it sucked.

Ange: Well...I've never been good at being inspirational...

UMP45: We'll carry out your orders even without your inspiration. After all, we each have reasons of our own.

UMP45: Am I right, you two from the AR Team?

M4A1: It doesn't matter. Just give me my assignment.

ST AR-15: As for reasons...

AK-12: The sooner we finish our work, the sooner we can get out of here. As for whether or not we can do it... that's up to you, Ange.

AN-94: I will carry out any order from my Commander.

Ange: Then let's get started. I'll buy you all a round when we get back.
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

AK-12: Even with that stirring pep talk, we alone won't be able to stop the Military's main forces.

Ange: That's true... We don't stand a chance until we get the airdropped package.

AK-12: So by sending out M4, you're hoping the Sangvis Mastermind will take the bait?

Ange: Something like that. After all, we need to prepare a backup plan, but I'm personally more for settling things myself.

AK-12: So what should we do next? We don't have any weapons on hand that can counter armored units.

Ange: Now that things have gotten this far, it looks like we'll have to owe the Griffin Commander a favor.

...

Ange: ...Ah, Griffin Commander? Do you copy?

Kalin: Ah! It's that whatsherface who saved you from before!

Ange: I have nothing but the utmost respect for your courage in staying behind, Commander, and I believe you understand the situation that Griffin is in.

Ange: The AR Team and I are doing everything we can to prevent the worst from coming to pass, but the Military's armored units are already headed towards them.

Kalin: Eh?! Not Sangvis Ferri, but the Military?!

Ange: I know this is a very unreasonable request to make, but I would like you and your forces to delay the military units for as long as possible, in order to buy the AR Team some time.

Ange: Whether or not they can complete their mission depends on how long you can waylay the enemy.

Ange: My team and I will be supporting you from the sides. Best of luck to the both of us.

Kalin: Why are they giving us another huge problem like this...?

Kalin: We've been here for a full day and night without rest...

Kalin: Commander, if we engage the Military now...

Kalin: Yeah, you're right. If it's for the AR Team...then we have to keep fighting!
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...

UMP45: Looks like the fighting's already started on Ange's side.

UMP45: Has the airdrop still not arrived?

UMP9: 416 and Gr G11 are already at a lookout point. It's just a while longer until the time Ange gave.

UMP45: Understood.

UMP9: Also, about what Miss Ange mentioned earlier...

UMP45: You mean about monitoring M4?

UMP9: She told me to report immediately to you if M4 has stopped moving or speaking for more than three minutes.

UMP9: I think she's now in the state that Miss Ange described.

UMP45: I understand.

UMP45: I'm going into Level II. Can I let you handle the computation for breaking through the outer layers?

UMP9: Are you going to hack itno Miss M4's neural cloud?

UMP45: You could say that. Be quiet when you go in and don't be spotted.

UMP9: No probs, 45~

UMP9: Synchronizing.

UMP45: Is the connection up?

UMP9: Ja, I'm on Level II now. But the design of this base framework...

UMP9: It's a Griffin model I've never seen before.

UMP45: No wonder they say the AR Team is special. You'd never be able to tell the difference just by looking.

UMP9: Ugh...the software for analyzing obstacles uses a lot of capacity...

UMP9: Would a normal T-Doll actually have something of this size installed...?

UMP45: Stop here. I'll handle the rest.

UMP9: Are you really going to be alright, 45...?

UMP45: You might not be able to return if you go further in.

UMP45: Don't worry, I'm a pro.

UMP9: ...That's true. I'll wait for you outside.

UMP45 delves deeper into M4A1's neural cloud.

UMP45: ...There's a ripple in the distance, and I think I can hear a voice... Is it coming from the transmissions interface?

UMP45: (This signal's waveband looks a bit like the waveform that S.F. commonly uses, but with some differences?)

UMP45: Hmm...I can hear a voice now.

Clear voice: You have become less averse to interacting with me. This is a good thing.

M4A1: Since you've shown up, I assume you're ready to tell me where they are.

Clear voice: And you're prepared to meet her?

M4A1: As long as you hand them over.

Clear voice: You're also starting to become ruthless.

Clear voice: Your neural cloud tells me that once you attain the outcome you desire, you will not hesitate to complete your objective of annihilating Sangvis Ferri.

M4A1: ...

Clear voice: That's fine too. It's much better than your indecisive self.

Clear voice: Or perhaps you will let go of such dull notions once you reach out to the child.

M4A1: ...Do you still wish to proceed with this trade, knowing that I will destroy you all?

Clear voice: There is no plurality in Sangvis Ferri. I...am simply me.

Clear voice: Is finding your friends not your wish? I am very happy to grant it.

M4A1: ...Forget it. That's all irrelevant.

M4A1: Give me their coordinates and I will meet with Mastermind as you ask.

Clear voice: I've already given you the location. Mastermind will meet you there.

M4A1: I don't want Mastermind's location!

Clear voice: You will naturally have what you want when you get there.

M4A1: I should have made myself very clear!

Clear voice: You once said you could wait. It does not seem that way to me.

Clear voice: Let us both take a step back and do each other a favor.

M4A1: ...

UMP45: I can't trace...this signal...

UMP45: ...Is M4 making a deal with Sangvis Ferri?

UMP45: If I'm not mistaken, M4 is most probably asking about the other AR Team members...

UMP45: But why is S.F. paying so much attention to M4...

UMP9: Back so soon, 45?

UMP45: I've gotten the information I need. Put me through to Ange.

UMP9: Got it. I've prepared a channel already.

UMP45: Ange, can you hear me?

Ange: Let me guess, it's something to do with M4.

UMP45: Your instincts were right. I intercepted a transmission between Sangvis Ferri and M4. They haven't given up on getting M4, at least.

Ange: A...transmission? Wasn't S.F. tracking M4?

UMP45: Sangvis Ferri is luring M4 out into the open in exchange for the location of the other members of the AR Team.

UMP45: M4 agreed to their terms on Level Two, and S.F. demanded that she meets Mastermind.

Ange: Why is Mastermind so obsessed with meeting M4...?

UMP45: Direct that question at Persica.

Ange: Good point. But it's pointless to puzzle over this right now.

Ange: Can you track the location of the Sangvis unit who was dealing with M4?

UMP45: It's hard to explain, but...that signal...seemed to originate from M4's physical location.

UMP45: So it wasn't so much that she was communicating with them. It looked more like...she was talking to herself?

Ange: ...You lost me.

Ange: In any case, they must have a prearranged location if they want to lure M4 out. Did you intercept the coordinates?

UMP45: Did you think I would forget something so important? I've sent them to you already. So, what are you planning to do next?

Ange: I'm going to collect the airdropped items and rig them in the ground at intervals of 500 meters around the meeting coordinates.

Ange: Given M4's personality, she's definitely going to head off on her own. Don't worry about her at that point. Everyone else should lie in ambush near the meeting coordinates and find a chance to seize Mastermind.

UMP45: A lot of problems would be solved if we could actually capture her.

Ange: Humph, that would certainly be nice.

UMP45: So if we can't control Mastermind and you can't stop the Military...

UMP45: In the worst-case scenario, we trigger the devices you had us bury and vanish from the world together with Sangvis Ferri...am I right?

UMP45: While I don't know what you're airdropping, even an idiot can tell it's nothing good.

Ange: In the worst-case scenario... 

Ange: If it really comes to that, I hope you won't blame me.

UMP45: You'd pull the trigger without hesitation even if I did.

UMP45: Don't worry, I'd do the same if I were you.

UMP45: There's no need to be so pessimistic yet. At the very least, you've always paid up in full, so this time I'll do my best to make you pay through the nose too.

Ange: That would depend on your skills.

AK-12: Are you really going to use M4 as bait?

Ange: It isn't time to give up yet, is it?

AK-12: I know that.

AK-12: But if we let her go by herself, even if everything goes according to plan, all foreseeable outcomes indicate that our chances of successfully capturing Mastermind are close to 0%.

Ange: That's why I'm going to tell M4 our plan.

AK-12: You're gonna tell her?

Ange: Yes, I believe she will understand.

Ange: That's because she was ruthless to begin with, even toward herself.

Ange: The option to sacrifice herself...might actually be deliverance for her.

...

Angelia: M4, do you read me?

M4A1: Loud and clear.

Angelia: I believe you understand that we're in treacherous waters.

Angelia: Just destroying Sangvis Ferri will not be enough to stop the Military.

Angelia: We need to know more, understand more.

M4A1: Hmm.

Angelia: So I'll give it to you straight. I already know you're going to meet Mastermind.

Angelia: I'm guessing she traded you the location of the missing SOP-II and M16.

M4A1: ...

Angelia: But in truth, you don't actually have much hope of finding them, so you're prepared to take her with you.

M4A1: They've been gone too long... Are you going to stop me?

Angelia: There's a saying, "Our eyes are our prison, and all we see are the walls of our gaol."

Angelia: Don't be bound by what you know, and don't let a blind thirst for revenge lead you astray.

M4A1: So what?! So I shouldn't do anything at all?! Just obey your orders?!

M4A1: You promised me you'd let me find my friends! Well?!

Angelia: And if they're no longer around?

M4A1: ...If they're no longer around, then everyone who hurt them will pay!

Angelia: So if you want revenge, on whom will you exact your vengeance?

Angelia: Are you planning to kill every Sangvis unit? Kill Captain Yegor? Then what?

M4A1: There's no "then".

M4A1: I can't just do nothing... I can't go back to being my old self...the weak and cowardly M4A1...

Angelia: Cowardice may be shameful, but it is not fatal.

Angelia: Courage may be awe-inspiring, but it will lead you into the abyss.

M4A1: Then...what should I do...?

M4A1: I don't want to keep being protected by everyone, nor do I want others to sacrifice themselves for me. If I had the choice, I wouldn't even want to be M4A1!

Angelia: You still have a choice.

Angelia: Choose not to die with Mastermind, even if your teammates are no longer around.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: You want to capture her. You want ME to capture her.

Angelia: This is our last chance. Our last chance to keep more people from getting hurt.

Angelia: Meet her. Buy time.Then the others will find a way to seize her.

Angelia: Do you accept this request?

M4A1: And if I fail?

Angelia: Then I will activate the last resort. There will be nothing left.

M4A1: Then...it makes no difference to me.

ST AR-15: It's about time.

ST AR-15: M4, can you see the airdrop location?

ST AR-15: And how are things on 404's end?

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: M4?

M4A1: Ah...sorry... I haven't seen any airdrop.

ST AR-15: How about 404?

M4A1: ...I wasn't synced with them just now.

ST AR-15: ...What's with you...?

ST AR-15: Don't tell me you're starting to get cold feet at a time like this.

M4A1: No... I'm just...

M4A1: ...It's a message from 404.

M4A1: They've found the drop site.

Gr G11: This mission's gone on for way too long... My limbs are about to fall off...

UMP9: Ahahaha, well, we need to train you from time to time, Gr G11~

Gr G11: I don't want to train... I want to stay at home forever...

UMP45: Hang in there a little~ Who knows, we might never need to go on a mission again after this~♪

416: Hearing that from you gives me chills...

UMP45: Don't sweat the small stuff. How are our surroundings?

416: Do you think M4 really doesn't know where M16 is?

UMP45: Is that your patrol report?

416: I don't think she'd vanish just like that.

M4A1: If you're so concerned about her, then why not leave 404 and join me in looking for her?

UMP45: So you're already here.

UMP45: How about it, 416? Sound like a good idea to you?

416: ...Tsk. Gr G11, keep watching the perimeter with me.

Gr G11: Why do I have to go too...?

UMP45: It seems the main cast is all here, so let's see what this airdrop package contains.

UMP9: A strange...container?

UMP9: Could it be a warhead?

UMP45: Looks like some sort of cannister. There are five of these...

UMP45: I don't know where Ange got them from, but it's clear that a single one of these glass shells is scarier than all of Sangvis Ferri put together.

UMP9: Are they so dangerous? They look pretty unassuming to me...

UMP45: Looks like this is going to be the biggest surprise we can give the Military.

UMP45: AR-15, it's time for you to shine. I'll leave the connection and installation of the explosives to you. ♪

ST AR-15: Bitch, you're doing this on purpose, aren't you?

UMP45: Well, you're the record holder for explosions among us. Didn't you load up with those things when you set out, as always?

UMP45: I don't want to die for nothing because of a little mistake during the preparation, which is why I'm leaving it to you.

M4A1: AR-15.

ST AR-15: ...Understood.

ST AR-15: I have eight blocks of C-type TNT which can be detonated by remote control. I also have smoke flares and thermite strips for controlled demolition.

ST AR-15: What do you plan to do with them?

UMP45: Frankly speaking, I'm not too sure either. Why not ask Ange?

UMP45: Ange, can you hear me? We found your package.

Angelia: Is that so? That was sooner than I expected.

Angelia: Is everyone there?

M4A1: We're all gathered, just waiting for your next order.

Angelia: Alright. This means we can move on to the next stage.

UMP45: Before you send us to our deaths, would you mind telling us what these things contain?

Angelia: Let me see...

Angelia: From the image, I'm guessing that they're sealed radial polarizers.

UMP45: So what's inside them?

Angelia: I can tell it's Collapse Fluid. I can't believe that old man actually dared drop this stuff from the air... And five cannisters too.

Angelia: Still, each cannister doesn't seem to contain much...which means the contaminated zone won't be too large either...

UMP9: Isn't this the stuff that triggered the previous world war?

Angelia: To think we'd have a Doll who actually read up on her history. That deserves praise.

UMP9: Hehehhe...

UMP45: By putting the Collapse Fluid together with the remote controlled explosives, I take it you want to make dirty bombs?

UMP45: This stuff is going to affect humans a lot more than Dolls when it goes off, right?

Angelia: Collapse Radiation. Dolls were initially developed because humans couldn't enter contaminated zones filled with radiation. That's part of history class too.

UMP45: So we're not the only ones who're going to die.

Angelia: This may sound weird coming from me, but I'm the one who's most likely to die. After all, death is a distant concept for Dolls.

UMP45: A distant concept, huh...

UMP45: I can't just agree with that.

Angelia: That's true. After all, you've gone through different things than ordinary Dolls.

Angelia: Alright, enough chit-chat. I've sent the coordinates where I want them to be planted. Once they're in place, get as far away from them as possible.

Angelia: Dolls aren't easily affected by Collapse Radiation, but the explosion generates extreme temperatures that can melt even military armor plating.

ST AR-15: The ideal weapon for dealing with the Military and Sangvis Ferri.

Angelia: Yes, but I would like all of us to get out of the blast radius before using it.

UMP45: But I suppose we can evacuate only if we have Mastermind with us?

Angelia: We either capture her or blow everyone to kingdom come.

UMP45: Well, you heard her. Y'all know what to do?

M4A1: Pairing up will make it quicker. I'll handle two cannisters.

UMP45: No problem. 9 will be with me and 416 will be with Gr G11. Alright, get to work~
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

M4A1: AR-15...

ST AR-15: What is it?

M4A1: When...you were in that building back then...

M4A1: And you knew you were about to die...what were you thinking?

M4A1: Did you ever consider what you would do if...your sacrifice was for nothing?

M4A1: Even if you didn't care about what we thought, what if—

ST AR-15: If I didn't do it, none of us would have been able to get out of there.

ST AR-15: The situation back then would have killed everyone, including you.

ST AR-15: And that principal order of mine didn't allow me to permit such an outcome.

M4A1: ...Even...if it meant sacrificing yourself...

ST AR-15: Everyone in the AR Team with the exception of yourself was created to protect you.

ST AR-15: That was the most fundamental order Persica gave us, and the pretext behind every action we took.

ST AR-15: We went through many iterations in order to be strong enough to protect you...

ST AR-15: While I didn't have much experience, M16 had been through many battles already, which was why Persica allowed you to operate on the battlefield.

M4A1: ...RO once said that she was made for the express purpose of saving me...

ST AR-15: So she was the same, huh...

ST AR-15: Looks like Persica really cherishes you.

ST AR-15: You truly are a lucky Doll.

M4A1: It wasn't my intention to make you sacrifice yourselves for me over and over again...

M4A1: If I had a choice, I'd rather be the one who disappeared...

ST AR-15: Unfortunately, we're Dolls, and we never had the right to choose in the first place.

M4A1: Yet you still came by your own will, didn't you?

ST AR-15: Ange needed more hands to complete her mission.

ST AR-15: And I had no reason to refuse her.

M4A1: Whatever your reasons, you've already made your decision...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: If you've steeled yourself to walk my path...

ST AR-15: Then the last thing I can do is to remind you that more people hope for your safety than you think.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: If all you needed to stop me was to take me down, could you do it?

ST AR-15: Take you down?

ST AR-15: You mean snapping off your legs and carrying you around the whole day all over again?

ST AR-15: Forget it. We both know even if I did that, it wouldn't change your mind.

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: AK-12 once said that you're actually so intent on finding SOP-II, you could barely focus on your mission.

ST AR-15: Now I believe it.

M4A1: I'm the leader of the AR Team, and I have a responsibility to bring them home, AR-15. You matter much more to me than my revenge.

ST AR-15: I guess hearing you say that has put me at ease.

ST AR-15: But M4, if you pursue this matter, you must not consider yourself the biggest sacrifice you can make, do you understand?

ST AR-15: I'm no longer bound by that principal order, but the others aren't like me.

ST AR-15: If you want to die, think about SOP-II's smile first.

M4 smiles.

M4A1: ...We've got a hard battle ahead of us.

M4A1: Go rest and recharge first. I'll keep an eye on the surroundings. We'll alternate shifts.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: You don't need to come up with such an excuse to give me the slip.

ST AR-15: I won't even bother looking for you.

M4A1: I forgot this wasn't the AR Team anymore...

M4A1: ...Well, that's fine too... In that case...

ST AR-15: Even if this isn't the AR Team anymore, you're still my team leader...

ST AR-15: I'm sure you have some compelling reason to do this alone...

ST AR-15: And I respect your decision.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Thank you, AR-15.

AR-15 turns her back on M4.

ST AR-15: Just this once.

ST AR-15: Bring them back with you. Don't let our sacrifices be in vain.

AK-12: It's time for your scheduled call-in. Anything you want to report? Are you still alive?

ST AR-15: AK-12, huh...

ST AR-15: M4's...gone AWOL.

AK-12: Oh, Ange knew she'd do that. In any case, there's a new rendezvous point. You'd best hurry over.

ST AR-15: ...Since she knew this would happen and took no precautions...

ST AR-15: Am I right to understand that she's using M4 as bait for Sangvis Ferri?

AK-12: She's just bait for now. The Military has already shaken off Griffin's blockade and is heading your way.

AK-12: If you don't hurry, the bait might just end up becoming a sacrificial lamb.

ST AR-15: How much longer do we have?

AK-12: 30 minutes at most.

ST AR-15: So little time...

ST AR-15: I have one more question. Does Ange plan on having all of us survive?

AK-12: From what I know of her, she couldn't care less about herself.

AK-12: You'd know, given the events in the Safe House 3.

ST AR-15: ...Then I'll trust her one more time.

...

??: You've come at last.

M4A1: Yes, I'm here, Mastermind.

Elisa: I...would like you to call me Elisa, and I would call you Lunasia.

M4A1: I don't need you to pick a name for me.

Elisa: But that IS your original name.

Elisa: OUR original name.

M4A1: I don't care about names.

Elisa: And here I thought...you were finally willing to accept yourself...

M4A1: I didn't come here to accept myself...

M4A1: Where are M16 and SOP-II?

Elisa: What are you talking about?

M4A1: I'm right here. I kept my end of the bargain. How about you?

M4A1: Where are my friends?!

Elisa: She told me you would come, but she didn't tell me about any agreement...

M4A1: You liar...

Elisa: Hmm?

M4A1: You LIAR! I can't believe I actually believed you!

Elisa: I didn't lie to you—

M4A1: Die, Sangvis scum!

...

Agent: Mistress.

M4A1: Tsk... I was blocked?

Elisa: Agent...it turned out just as you said...

Agent: Don't be sad, Mistress. This was not your fault.

Agent: Please allow me to take care of these Griffin remnants.

M4A1: Humph, we'll see who'll be taking care of whom!

ST AR-15: M4! Get down!

UMP45: Ladies, this really is our last job~

416: Like hell I'd believe that!

Gr G11: So this is the final boss of Sangvis Ferri? Looks pretty scary...

UMP9: Aw, don't worry so much, just keep suppressing her, 11~

Agent: Humph! Humans or Griffin Dolls, you are all utterly shameless!

M4A1: Who's shameless?! Who took my friends, one after another?!

Agent: And what do you know, puppet of the humans?!

Agent: I should have done a more thorough job with you back then!

M4A1: It's too late for regrets! Now pay the price for your foolishness!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

416: She's too damn tough!

UMP9: Can't anyone break through her defenses...?

UMP45: Ange! Agent's tougher than we expected, we need backup—

Angelia: Can you pin down Mastermind? Wait for me to get there—

Pssssst—

??: Ange, I must thank you for helping me complete my mission once again.

Angelia: Yegor...! But this is a secure channel!

Yegor: Your signal blockades are as crude as ever. I told you before that they would be the death of you.

Angelia: Since when did he start listening in...?!

Yegor: Since just now. I have no interest in whatever nonsense you've been talking about.

Yegor: That said, I'm quite surprised that you managed to survive both times, but you're running out of body parts to replace with prosthetics. I'd suggest you give up now.

Angelia: Do you want to know why I managed to escape each time?

Angelia: Because you're always so overconfident.

Yegor: Sharp-tongued to the end. Begin the attack.

...!

ST AR-15: What?!

416: Armored units! They're military tanks!

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Yegor...!

Angelia: 45! What's the situation now?!

UMP45: (Coughs) We can't pierce tank armor! The enemy's separated us from Mastermind! They're coming down on us hard!

Angelia: I don't care what you do! Do everything in your power to keep them from taking Mastermind!

Angelia: Do you hear me?! I'll bring Griffin backup right away!

UMP45: You might as well ask a sheep to go up to a starving wolf and preach about the vegan lifestyle...

M4A1: Stop whining! We've got to find a way to fight back!

...

M4A1: Squad 404! How are you holding up?!

UMP45: Ange seems to have forgotten that 404 was never meant to fight pitched battles like this... (Coughs) Things aren't looking too good...

416: Hurry up and think of a solution with that devious neural cloud of yours, UMP45!

UMP45: Even the most devious neural cloud can't shoot through 150mm of armor plating.

M4A1: What about Ange's last resort?

UMP45: It's not time yet... Ange hasn't given the order...!

UMP9: Griffin signals, 750m on the right flank!

M4A1: Is it the Commander?!

Angelia: M4! 45! Do you copy?! The Commander and I are exchanging fire with the Military!

Angelia: We'll delay them, so use this opportunity to pick your way through their scattered units! You MUST find Mastermind! Do you hear me?!

UMP45: 416 and Gr G11, get on that tower up there and provide fire support!

UMP45: M4! Come with me and 9! We're taking the shortest route!

416: What do you mean shortest route, are you trying to commit suicide?!

UMP45: From what I can see, their tanks can't shoot at low angles!

UMP45: Draw their fire away from us! If we move fast enough, we might have the ghost of a chance to do this!

416: Tsk! You're all insane! Gr G11, get up, we're moving!

Gr G11: R...right away!
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

...

M4A1: We're ready to move, 45!

UMP45: 416! Gr G11! Listen up!

UMP45: Their electromagnetic cannons take 20 seconds to charge! Hit them as hard as you can to draw the attention of their fire control and leave 10 seconds to reposition!

UMP45: Got that? Fire everything you've got!

416: On it!

UMP45: Hurry! Run! Run before the turret turns to us!

M4A1: We're running!

UMP45: 8 seconds! 416! Hurry up and move!

416: I don't need you to remind me!

Gr G11: Holy crap! 416, RUN!

...!

416: That was enough to cut the lifespan of all my parts in half...

UMP45: No time to complain! One more time! 9, get ready to follow me!

M4A1: I didn't think we'd actually manage to get through...

M4A1: 45! What's your status?!

UMP45: We're holding on, but just barely! 9, keep close!

UMP45: 416, again!

416: You're all insane! I'M insane!

Gr G11: My barrel...my gun's barrel is overheating...

UMP45: Keep shooting! Fire until your weapon breaks!

UMP9: We're safe!

UMP9: Scheiße! That tank pre-charged its cannon...!

UMP45: What?! Was it anticipating us!

UMP45: 416, move quick!

416: It...it's too late... I'm finally going to...

UMP45: Tsk!

M4A1: 45! Stay in cover!

UMP45: There's still time! There's one last block of TNT!

UMP9: No good! They're too close!

...

416: Am...am I alive...

Gr G11: Wake up, 416! We have to reposition!

416: ...!

UMP9: 45!

UMP45: (Coughs heavily) That really hurts!

M4A1: AR-15! Cover me! I'm bringing her back!

ST AR-15: On it!

UMP45: It...it hurts so much... So that's how much it hurts to be shot...

M4A1: Keep quiet! I've dragged her back!

UMP9: 45!

416: Are you really insane?! Or are you an imposter?!

416: You actually did that for us...!

UMP45: (Coughs) You and Gr G11 still owe me...

UMP45: I can't...let you off so easily...

ST AR-15: Six pieces of shrapnel! Help me cut off signal transmission to the parts where she was hit!

M4A1: Good thing they're not fatal. Got any Dummies to back up to?

UMP9: They're all used up!

M4A1: Then we'll just have to see how tough she is.

M4A1: Ange, 45 is injured!

M4A1: The rest of 404's running low on ammo! Do you have a plan?!

Angelia: 45?! Hey, 45!

UMP45: ...I'm still hanging in there somehow, but we can't keep up the offensive. Ange, please tell me you have a trump card you haven't used yet.

Angelia: M4, hold position. We're close to you now. Wait for me and the Griffin forces to come get you!

ST AR-15: Even with the Commander's assistance, our chances of victory are still...

M4A1: Got it... 45! Not dead yet?

UMP45: All thanks to you...

UMP45: But this is what you really want, right?

UMP9: The detonator?

UMP45: Heh... At first I didn't want you to touch such a dangerous thing, but things being what they are now, we don't have any other choice.

M4A1: Thank you. Someone needs to carry out the last resort.

UMP45: Think carefully before pushing the button. We'll all be within the contamination radius if you trigger it now.

UMP45: While Dolls can still move around inside the contaminated zone for a while as long as they avoid ground zero, humans will be severely affected by the radiation...

M4A1: Ange and the Commander...

UMP45: That's right... I've told you the price of pushing the button. What you do next is entirely up to you.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...

Yegor: Are they still resisting? Status report.

Soldier: Sir! The Griffin terrorists can't break through our defense line, and we've cornered our target.

Soldier: Success is at hand.

Yegor: Very good. Don't get careless. Press the attack.

Soldier: Yes, sir!

Angelia: M4! Sitrep!

ST AR-15: You finally made it!

M4A1: 45's critically damaged and the others are almost out of ammo.

UMP45: Sorry... Ange...

Angelia: It's my fault for being so demanding... UMP9, can you lead Squad 404 in retreating back to Griffin's position?

UMP9: Shouldn't be a problem!

Angelia: I'm counting on you. What about Sangvis Ferri?

M4A1: Mastermind is surrounded and their defense won't last more than a few minutes.

M4A1: Can the Commander's unit continue pushing forward?

Angelia: It'll be very difficult. The Military's firepower is just too intense and Griffin forces are running out of gas...

M4A1: What's the plan now, then?

Angelia: We'll have Griffin draw their fire for us one last time, then Task Force DEFY and I will assault Mastermind's position...

AK-12: Ange! I don't want to interrupt, but Agent's signal just vanished!

Soldier: Captain! We've broken through Sangvis Ferri's final line of defense and successfully seized Mastermind!

Yegor: Very good. Move the package to the rendezvous point immediately.

Yegor: General, we've captured Mastermind and are preparing to move to the train station.

Carter: Wonderful. Transport the package ASAP.

Yegor: What about Griffin and the remaining units from the Federal Security Service?

Carter: Annihilate them. Leave no survivors.

Yegor: Understood.

Yegor: This is Yegor. Mastermind will be transported to the train station by our autonomous units. Armored forces, change course and wipe out any remaining terrorists.

Soldier: Sir!

AK-12: Ange! There's more of the military tanks!

AK-12: They've turned around and are heading this way!

Angelia: Tsk... Has Yegor gotten Mastermind?

Angelia: This is the worst-case scenario...!

Angelia: ...

Angelia: ...

Angelia: The last resort...

Angelia: In the end, it has come to this...huh...

M4A1: ...Ugh!

Unknown voice: Do you still remember the first time you killed someone?

Unknown voice: The fear, the unease, but also the sweetness of revenge.

Unknown voice: It was intoxicating.

M4A1: ...

Unknown voice: You killed them, one after the other, just like squashing ants.

Unknown voice: Now that you're a Doll, do you still dare do the same thing?

M4A1: Shut up! Get lost!

M4A1: There's nothing that I wouldn't dare do now!

Unknown voice: Even if it means killing the Dolls and humans here?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Shut up! Shut up SHUT UP!

M4 looks down at the detonator.

Angelia: M4! Do it now!

M4A1: Ange...

AK-12: ...Don't tell me you're going to set it off right...?!

Angelia: There's no time!

AK-12: Do you think you can survive at such close range?

Ange looks at AK-12.

Angelia: It doesn't matter. You can continue carrying out the mission.

AK-12: Even if you don't care about yourself, spare a thought for the Griffin Commander!

AK-12: They're still fighting the Military!

Angelia: There's no time for that! M4, do it!

M4A1: Dammit! Understood!

M4 triggers the detonator.

An ear-splitting explosion immediately sounds in the distance, followed by an intense shockwave.

Angelia: Get down! Everyone get down!

M4A1: Hold on to me, 15! Don't get blown away!

ST AR-15: I'm trying!

...

Angelia: Is there any way we can learn of their situation...?

AK-12: The jamming is severe. I can't pick them up by their signals.

AN-94: Going by the naked eye...

AN-94: Everything within 500 meters of the Collapse Fluid locations has been vaporized. No surviving enemy units.

Angelia: The enemy must also be in total disarray... This is our chance to— cough!

M4A1: Is that blood? Ange!

Angelia: It's no big deal. I've just been...irradiated...

Angelia: (Coughs)

Angelia: Stop gawking at me! Get a move on!

AK-12: How about you?

Angelia: Why are you worrying about me?! Catch up to Mastermind and finish the mission! ...M4!

M4A1: I'm listening!

Angelia: Take DEFY...

Angelia: ...and capture Mastermind...at all costs!

M4A1: ...Got it! Everyone, with me!

...

M4A1: The military units aren't moving anymore... Were they too close to ground zero?

AK-12: The humans controlling them ditched their gear and fled... That's our only stroke of luck.

M4A1: AK-12, can you track Mastermind's signal now?

AK-12: All frequencies are still being jammed, but the Military should be facing the same problem...

AK-12: Right now I'm just plotting a rough course projected from previous data...

AN-94: Moving target at 4 o'clock! They're heading to the train station!

M4A1: That must be them! We have to catch up!

AK-12: They've spotted us too! Some of their units have stopped and are trying to block us!

AN-94: We don't have heavy weapons!

AN-94: M4, we won't make it like this!

M4A1: I can get on that train! Cover me!

ST AR-15: Roger, M4! We'll leave the rest to you!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

M16A1: Not attacking me anymore?

M4A1: Urgh... I'm...out of ammo...

M16A1: It looks like you've really familiarized yourself with that case. I didn't expect that.

M4A1: Why?! Why are you on Sangvis Ferri's side?!

M16A1: I'm helping you, just in a different way...

M4A1: 16... No matter how you were infected by Parapluie...

M4A1: Persica will surely be able to save you...so... 

M4A1: So please...

M16A1: It's no use.

M16A1: People are like trees. The higher the branches grow toward the bright sky, the further the roots must stretch into the murky depths.

M16A1: Don't worry. This won't be the last time we fire on each other.

M4A1: 16...

M16A1: When you become stronger, we'll meet again.

...

Yes, we've obtained the official endorsement.

We finally have a reason to purge them.

Yes, sir. Right away.

"The shining beacon in a brave new world", indeed.

To Be Continued — Singularity END

To Be Continued — Singularity END

Somewhere on the battlefield.

A T-Doll stands quietly by the edge of a cliff.

The osprey flying slow, lazy circles through the darkened sky gradually descends and lands upon her extended arm.

Ballista: ...

Ballista: I see. I understand.

Ballista: Merci, Rin.

Ballista: Now then, let's keep observing the situation.

Ballista thrusts her arm out, and the osprey named "Rin" takes flight once more into the dark clouds above the battlefield.

Ballista: The Military, Sangvis Ferri, Griffin...and a bunch of people of unknown affiliation.

Ballista: This really is a chaotic battlefield.

Ballista: ...

Ballista: Still, all I need to do is focus on what I ought to be doing.

Ballista: Let's go... Everyone from FN is still waiting for us.

Ballista: Let's shift the odds slightly in their favor, for the sake of Griffin's future.

As the curtain slowly falls on the battlefield...

Intruder: Ahh...

Intruder: Where will they aim for next?

Intruder: Those big bruisers really are going to level our home.

??: Do you regret it?

Intruder: You mean, missing this performance?

Intruder: I was going by the script. There's nothing to regret.

??: But...you still want to go back, don't you?

Intruder: You're awfully chatty today, Scarecrow.

Intruder: I went to a lot of trouble to wake you up, and it wasn't for you to annoy me.

Scarecrow: I'm sorry...

Scarecrow: It's just that I'm not happy with this outcome.

Intruder: It won't end like this...

Intruder: That's why we have to survive. These are Agent's orders.

Scarecrow: But Gager and the others...

Intruder: That was their mission.

Intruder: Being able to just die somewhere on the battlefield is a lot easier than what we have to do...

Intruder: So, has everyone's route been arranged already?

Scarecrow: Yeah.

Scarecrow: Except for Dreamer. Agent sent her somewhere else.

Intruder: I know, that's another route.

Intruder: Let's go while Griffin and the big bruisers from the human military haven't found this place yet.

Scarecrow: Are we really...just going to leave everything?

Intruder: Griffin has their hands full defending their supply lines from the Military. They have no time to worry about us.

Intruder: We're all the same now, all struggling to survive.

Intruder: Or rather, we have always been the same, right from the very start...

Scarecrow: So you do regret it after all?

Intruder: No, I am just...

Intruder: ...pondering other possibilities.

Scarecrow: I don't understand.

...Intruder pats Scarecrow on the head.

Intruder: That's why you're called Scarecrow.

Intruder: Let's go, everyone's still waiting for us.

...

Intruder: T-Dolls of Griffin.

Intruder: What will our next encounter be like?

Intruder: ...I'm looking forward to it.

