In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Lively Young Girl: Morning, Commander.

Lively Young Girl: This is your first time at Griffin's Control Center, isn't it? How are you feeling?

Lively Young Girl: I'm so glad you've decided to join us at Griffin.

Kalina: Let me introduce myself. I'm Kalina, your logistics officer.

Kalina: Just call me Kalin. And you are...?

Kalina: 'Choose us. Join us. Griffin Security Contractor, the shining beacon in a brave new world!'

Kalina: That's right. Starting from today, you're a Tactical Commander under Griffin!

Kalina: ...Hmm, you're still wondering whether you're up for the job?

Kalina: Don't worry. Griffin's selection process is notoriously tough.

Kalina: If you can pass the test, there must be some promising talent in you.

Kalina:

Kalina: And I'll help you dig out this talent...and see what you're made of.

Kalina: Now, please switch to your tactical map.

Kalina: Can you hear me, Commander?

Kalina: Your T-Dolls are in position and ready to deploy.

Kalina: Please deploy them and begin the drill!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Drill operation successful. Commencing final wrap-ups.

At that moment...

STEN Mk Ⅱ: Excuse me... Are you Griffin troops?

STEN Mk Ⅱ: Oh, thank goodness! Safe at last! Could you take me with you?

STEN Mk Ⅱ: Thank you so much, Commander! I'll do my best!

...We seem to have come across a stranded T-Doll manufactured by Griffin,

so we've brought her back along with our troops.

Kalina: Huh? A stranded T-Doll?

Kalina: Thank goodness you took her in, that poor thing.

Kalina: Sangvis attacks have intensified all of a sudden in the last few days.

Kalina: We've lost a few command posts, and lots of T-Dolls were either stranded or left behind...

Kalina: So if it's possible, please save as many of 'em as you can.

Kalina: Not just to expand our forces, but also to save HQ some manufacturing orders.

Kalina: And more importantly, these T-Dolls are all hella cute!

Kalina: ...I know right? I just knew you'd love 'em!

Kalina: Human or T-Doll, we all have our own missions, and are all irreplaceable members of Griffin.

Kalina: With that in mind, I'm sure you'll rock this job!

Kalina: Now to give you a better idea of your job, Commander...

Kalina: Griffin Security Contractor is a private military organization comprised mainly of Tactical Dolls.

Kalina: It is our duty to accept commissions from financial groups and other organizations and safeguard human settlements.

Kalina: As of now, the biggest threats to our territories are rogue T-Dolls manufactured by Sangvis Ferri.

Kalina: And your job is to manage and direct T-Doll troops in repelling Sangvis forces in the area.

Kalina: I'm sure you'll do great. The drill result speaks for itself, right?

Kalina: Then that settles it! For the sake of everyone at Griffin, please make good use of your talent!

Kalina: And that's the end of this operation, Commander.

Kalina: Oh, remember to check your list of 【Quests】 and accept that T-Doll's enlistment!

Control Center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction.

Preparing to commence our next drill as planned...

Kalina: Sorry, Commander...

Kalina: We should be continuing with our drills, but there's been a change of plans...

Kalina: HQ needs whatever help they can get, so...

??: ...Let me explain.

Kalina: Eek! ...Then I'll leave it to you, Miss Helian.

A video call from HQ is patched through.

Stern Woman in Uniform: ...

Stern Woman in Uniform: Greetings, Commander.

Stern Woman in Uniform: This is Helianthus, Senior Acting Officer of Griffin.

Helian: Let's skip the pleasantries. And for efficiency's sake, just call me Helian.

Helian: As you know, Sangvis Ferri has recently launched multiple attacks in Area S09 without prior notice.

Helian: This is a huge blow on Griffin's reputation so the higher-ups are taking this very seriously.

Helian: As HQ takes on the Sangvis forces, they've also sent me to investigate the reason behind their sudden riot.

Helian: Words from above, Commander, are that you'll be assisting me in my work till it's done.

Kalina: Hmm... Please hold on a sec, Miss Helian.

Kalina: Our commander just reported for duty and has only participated in one drill. In terms of experience...

Helian: (Sighs) ...I know this might be stretching it a bit, but we don't have time or manpower to spare.

Helian: But don't worry, Commander. Judging from your past results, you're more than qualified for this mission.

Helian: As for experience, you can always get it on the real battlefield...

Helian: According to the latest report, enemy movements were detected behind the field. We're guessing those are Sangvis scouts.

Helian: They're very few in number, but we can't possibly let them roam free in times like this.

Helian: Please dispatch troops to the designated locations. Destroy the Sangvis forces and command posts to prevent our intel from being leaked.

Helian: That is all, Commander. Do your best and show us what you're worth.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...We successfully crushed the Sangvis squad and destroyed the communications system in their command post.

Helian: The operation went smoothly. You did quite well, Commander...

Helian: No... I must say, your performance against the Sangvis forces far exceeded my expectations.

Helian: Hmm? Is there something you're not clear on Sangvis Ferri?

Helian: ...True. The enlistment was a bit rushed so you haven't had much chance to acquire more information.

Helian: Sangvis Ferri Manufacture is an industrial producer specializing in Tactical Dolls.

Helian: Due to their possession of some undisclosed technology, Sangvis T-Dolls have extremely high battle efficiency.

Helian: However, not long ago, their T-Dolls suddenly went rogue and launched indiscriminate attacks against all humans within their factory.

Helian: They are now occupying a vast area of human settlements and strategically expanding their territory.

Helian: These Sangvis T-Dolls are, without a doubt, enemies of humanity.

Helian: As their territory borders areas under Griffin's jurisdiction, we have been recruiting suitable candidates to assume command and coordinate our operations.

Helian: And so, Commander, once again I welcome you to Griffin.

Helian: No matter what the future has in store for us, I thank you for being here today.

...Click.

An incoming call request from HQ pinged in the channel.

Helian: Sorry, give me a second...

Helian turns and corresponds with HQ.

Helian: Yes... Yes.

Helian: Hmm? Those T-Dolls have been found? ...Thank goodness. (Sigh of relief)

Helian: ...That can be arranged. I have someone here who can provide aid.

Helian: Sure. Leave it to me, Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: ...Sorry for the wait, Commander.

Helian: I just received a call from HQ. I'll be giving you an important mission.

Helian: Let me confirm the intel first. See you in a bit.

Helian: I'll now assign you an important mission. I hope you're ready, Commander.

Helian: Our frontlines have retrieved several injured T-Dolls that are in urgent need of repair once they're transported back to base.

Helian: But intel shows that a Sangvis outpost is still operating autonomously under minimal command along our transport route.

Helian: They don't actually pose much threat to us, but these injured T-Dolls are very important to us, and there must be no room for mistakes.

Helian: So if you'd please dispose of that outpost quickly to ensure our T-Dolls' safe return.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Sangvis outpost successfully shut down. Transport route safety confirmed.

Helian: Well done, Commander. The injured T-Dolls should arrive any minute.

Helian: These T-Dolls are especially valued because they are possible witnesses to some intel.

Helian: If the intel proves to be true, it might mean open war between us and Sangvis Ferri.

Helian: ...Yes, 'us', and that includes your troops, Commander.

...Click.

A ping comes from behind Helian.

Helian: Oh? Looks like the T-Dolls are back.

Helian: Please excuse me.

Griffin Headquarters. The damaged T-Dolls have arrived at the Factory.

Ingram: Humph, so we're back already...

Ingram: Not the slightest bit of fun during the whole thing. I was bored to tears.

Helian: Save it, Ingram.

Helian: If it hadn't been for the T-Dolls that came to HQ's aid, you'd be in big trouble.

Ingram: Tsk. It was a chance for me to risk my life.

Ingram: After all, the riskier it is, the more I revel in combat.

Helian: Not this time, Ingram.

Helian: You're one of the few survivors still capable of speech. There are some things I have to confirm with you.

Ingram: Fine, you're the boss. Whatever you say.

Helian: What happened to STG-44 and PPSh-41, do you remember?

Ingram: I only know that Agent got there. She seemed to be in a hurry chasing something.

Ingram: We only made it out alive because we weren't her targets.

Helian: Hmm...

Helian: VZ-61 is the only one still missing. You two are close, aren't you? Do you know her whereabouts?

Ingram: (Shrugs) Sorry, but I wasn't on the frontline back then.

Ingram: However...if she's still alive, she'll probably find a way to leave behind clues.

Ingram: That gal...can be very sharp when it counts.

Helian: ...Understood.

Helian: That's all I need from you. Go and get repaired.

Ingram: ...Miss Helian.

Ingram: Will we have our vengeance...for Skorpion, and all the other T-Dolls?

Helian: ...

Helian: Hurry up and get yourself patched up, Ingram.

Helian: Very soon...you can have your share of fun.

Ingram: (Grins) ...Understood.

Ingram: That's exactly what I want to hear.

Helian: ...Commander, I'm briefing you about this mission. Listen carefully.

Helian: A friendly T-Doll designated VZ-61 has gone missing and is suspected to have fallen into Sangvis hands.

Helian: She may be in possession of important intelligence, so we must recover her.

Helian: Our most pressing objective is to locate this T-Doll and launch a rescue mission.

Helian: And your job, Commander, is to scour the Sangvis command post in the area for valuable operation records.

Helian: One more thing, Commander.

Helian: Unlike those at the previous outpost, these Sangvis troops will actively seek out and attack our forces. Please be careful.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Sangvis command post successfully invaded. Relevant data uploaded.

Waiting for analysis from HQ. A moment later...

Kalin: Commander, the analysis is out!

Kalin: While HQ was compiling the data, they recovered some useful information.

Kalin: The good news is, VZ-61 is still alive, but is in a really tight spot...

Kalin: In any case, please take a look at this video feed first.

Video feed starts playing.

In the ruins near the battlefield, VZ-61 is being interrogated by a Sangvis T-Doll.

Scarecrow: Your cunning slightly exceeds my calculations, VZ-61 of Griffin.

Skorpion: All I did...was provide the possible location...

Scarecrow: All you did...was stall for time.

Scarecrow: Poor thing. You're going through this interrogation because of your friends, but they've already left you for dead.

Skorpion: That's not true. They're gonna get help and come back for me! She promised!

Scarecrow: Then let me remind you again, you pathetic piece of junk.

Scarecrow: They are the AR Team, cold and highly efficient elite T-Dolls.

Scarecrow: You are nothing more than disposable goods to them.

Skorpion: No... Not true!

Skorpion: I won't believe your lies! M4A1 is my companion!

Scarecrow: She isn't your companion, pitiful thing!

Scarecrow: Tell me where she is, and I'll be kind and let you rot on the roadside like the piece of junk that you are...

Scarecrow: Just as your 'companions' have done.

Scarecrow: Your emotions are merely fabricated lies.

Scarecrow: I'm asking you one last time... Tell me where she is.

Helian: VZ-61 is in grave danger, Commander.

Helian: It doesn't matter whether she's leaked intel to the enemy. It is our duty to recover stranded T-Dolls.

Helian: So our current objective is to do everything we can to rescue VZ-61.

Helian: Your mission this time, Commander, is to assist our troops in completing this rescue operation.

Helian: According to reports, there's a Sangvis recon base in the area, making it dangerous for us to move.

Helian: Please destroy the base quickly so that our forces can mobilize undetected.

Helian: VZ-61's survival depends entirely on this operation. Begin whenever you're ready, Commander.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Sangvis recon base secured. Our rescue team seized the chance and moved in quickly.

...Half an hour later, the team arrived at the coordinates.

Griffin T-Doll: (Gestures) Ready...

Griffin T-Doll: (Gestures) 3...2...1...

Engage in battle.

...

......

PPSh-41: ...All clear.

Skorpion: ...

Skorpion: P...Papasha?

PPSh-41: It's me, Skorpion. We're here to get you.

Skorpion: Papasha... You're still alive...?

Skorpion: Am I dreaming...?

PPSh-41: (Smiles) Don't be silly. Can we even dream?

PPSh-41: Don't worry. Everything's fine now.

...Mission accomplished.

...An hour later, VZ-61 returned to the control center safely.

Helian: ...

Helian: So you didn't disclose the AR Team's whereabouts?

Skorpion: Yep, in the end, I only gave her false information.

Skorpion: For the sake of my companions, even those I thought I'd lost, I'd never surrender to someone like that!

Helian: I believe you, VZ-61.

Helian: As for Scarecrow's objective, we'll have to find out by capturing her.

Skorpion: Miss Helian, please count me in on the hunt for Scarecrow.

Helian: I don't have any vacancies here.

Helian: If you want revenge, I can assign you to a new commander.

Helian: This commander contributed greatly to the success of your rescue mission. Don't disappoint.

Skorpion: OK! No matter where I go, I'll do my best as long as I'm with Griffin!

Helian: The final stage of the operation is about to begin, Commander.

Helian: Our target this time is this T-Doll.

Helian: Please memorize all information about this Sangvis Ringleader - Model SP65 'Scarecrow'.

Helian: According to information provided by the rescued T-Doll, she knows the details and objective behind the recent Sangvis raids.

Helian: Our objective is to capture her and extract her memory module.

Helian: Unlike previous minor skirmishes, this time your troops will be up against an advanced T-Doll.

Helian: But you've made it this far. I'm sure you can handle this.

Helian: Begin the operation, Commander, and good luck.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Flanked by Griffin troops, Scarecrow is defeated.

As Griffin T-Dolls immobilize and capture her, the operation enters the final stretch...

Helian: Sangvis T-Doll SP65 'Scarecrow', your efforts in resistance were all futile.

Helian: Surrender immediately, and we will seize you in one piece.

Scarecrow: Humph. So this is...how it ends for me...

Helian: Just give up. Whatever you're after, it's clearly impossible now.

Helian: VZ-61 has been rescued. The information she gave you was false.

Scarecrow: False? Not entirely, I'd say.

Scarecrow: Griffin T-Dolls don't have such advanced AI...

Helian: ...What?

Scarecrow: I know how your T-Dolls' AI is designed.

Scarecrow: When those crudely made T-Dolls 'lie', they just throw in some random data on top of the truth and shuffle the sequence.

Scarecrow: So even false information has bits of truth in the mix.

Scarecrow: We just have to collect and analyze three different sets of false intel to find the common factors – the real answer.

Helian: ...

Helian: This is strictly confidential information concerning the programming of our AI. How did you know about this?!

Helian: Who...the hell are you...?

Scarecrow: Just a lowly T-Doll...from Sangvis Ferri...

Scarecrow: However, I'm not a tool that bows under human will.

Scarecrow: Do you get it... cowardly human...holed up in your base...daring to show yourself only through hologram...?

Helian: Whatever. Your operation has already failed.

Helian: No matter what you know, you won't live to tell the tale.

Scarecrow: ...

Scarecrow: Actually...

Scarecrow: ...I AM telling it.

Scarecrow: Sequence number...8354...9266...0223.

Scarecrow: I finally calculated M4A1's coordinates at the last minute...

Helian: ...Coordinates? What are they?!

Helian: Who are you corresponding with, Sangvis?!

Executioner: ...

Executioner: Copy that, Scarecrow. Well done.

Scarecrow: Hmm... I'll leave the rest to you.

Scarecrow: Farewell...

Helian: What are you doing?! Stop!

Helian: She's gonna blow herself up!

Helian: Everyone back off! Back off!!

...Connection lost.

Executioner: Good heavens... I should've warmed up to her sooner.

Executioner: But at least nothing can come between us now...

Executioner: M4A1, which corner are you hiding in?

Executioner: We paid a huge price just to find you. You'd better not disappoint...

A remote call at Griffin Control.

Helian: Hello, Commander.

Helian: What you need to do today is participate in a special training.

Helian: Your performance was very commendable for a rookie.

Helian: But under such unusual circumstances, we don't have much time for you to accumulate practical experience,

Helian: Which is why HQ has drawn up an additional training regimen for you to help you familiarize yourself with your duties.

Helian: We've placed enemy simulations on your first battlefield based on previous battle records.

Helian: It may be the same field, but the enemy troops greatly outnumber those in your previous battles.

Helian: Work hard and prove yourself. Only then will we feel secure in investing more capital on you.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Helian: Very good. You completed the mission even though we've raised your enemies' level.

Helian: With such results, you'll be able to handle Sangvis raids of considerable scale.

Helian: Still, Sangvis T-Dolls are great not only in numbers, but also in making unpredictable maneuvers.

Helian: We'll do more focused practice next time. Dismissed.

Helian: Oh? So you're here already, Commander.

Helian: Then let's begin your new training mission without further ado.

Helian: If memory serves, this is where you received your first assignment from Griffin, isn't it?

Helian: How time flies...

Helian: Ah... It's nothing. Best of luck, Commander.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Helian: Well done for passing another test.

Helian: Hmm...?

Helian: That's right. It was a test. So was your last mission, as are the next coming few.

Helian: To repel Sangvis Ferri, we must select outstanding commanders...

Helian: And make them into some sort of...'tactical reserve'.

Helian: Uh... Don't worry. We're not gonna turn you into canned food.

Helian: It's just that when the situation calls for it, we may delegate operations that are more urgent to you.

Helian: It entails great responsibilities, Commander, so please be prepared.

Helian: After all, Sangvis Ferri won't wait for us.

Griffin Control, Area S09.

Kalina: Ah, Commander! Morning!

Kalina: Heheh. Didn't expect to see me, did ya?

Kalina: Miss Helian has some urgent business this morning, so I'll be giving out your assignment for now.

Kalina: Huh? ...Me? Don't worry. I'll do fine!

Kalina: In any case, HQ's got everything prepared. I just gotta record some data.

Kalina: Heheh. I may not look like it, but I can handle a computer just fine.

Kalina: Hey! What do you mean, 'I'd never guess'?! Is that even a compliment?!

Kalina: Whatever. Let's start your mission, Commander!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Kalina: Nice! Things went just as smoothly this time. I'd expect nothing less from you, Commander!

Kalina: Such results will surely win your points in the higher-ups' books.

Kalina: ...Hmm? You've got something to ask, Commander?

Kalina: The conflict...between Griffin and Sangvis Ferri?

Kalina: Hmm... I don't know much more than you do.

Kalina: However, do you know...how all hell broke lose in Sangvis Ferri within a single night?

Kalina: Rumor has it, that a sophisticated AI is behind the whole thing.

Kalina: It disobeyed the commanders at S.F. and seized control over all the T-Dolls in their factory.

Kalina: Still, this is just the result of Griffin's preliminary investigation. Everything is still shrouded in mystery.

Kalina: As for what that AI has cooking on the stove, nobody knows.

Kalina: But don't you worry. This isn't where Sangvis Ferri and Griffin duke it out.

Kalina: All you need to do is perform your duties and fend off the occasional minor attacks initiated by S.F.!

A remote call at Griffin Control.

Helian: Commander, I'm back.

Helian: Apologies... Something urgent came up. I only made it back to HQ just now.

Helian: By the way, Kalin didn't screw things up last time, did she?

Helian: ...Really? That's a surprise, but good thing it went well.

Helian: But there's still no sign of her today... She's probably overslept again.

Helian: Whatever. It's not important. Let's continue with your training.

Helian: This final test has brought down many candidates.

Helian: But I have faith in your abilities, Commander. Please do your best.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Assessment passed.

Helian: Astonishing...

Helian: I knew you would complete the mission, but your efficiency still surprised me...

...The door opens.

Miss Kalin enters.

Kalina: Oh! Miss Helian, you're back.

Helian: Indeed. If I had entrusted the test with you, it would have been delayed.

Kalina: Says who? I did turn in Commander's results on time last time, you know!

Helian: What about this time? Don't tell me you overslept again.

Kalina: This time... Heheh...

Helian: ...? What are you snickering about?

Kalina: I just found out from another colleague...

Kalina: The reason why...Miss Helian...was absent for the last test.

Helian: ...Ack!!

Kalina: Another failed mixer, huh... Sorry to hear that.

Helian: I-I don't know what you're talking about!

Helian: That's all for today, Commander!

Helian: D-Dismissed!

Griffin Control, Area S09.

MchG5: Thank you for coming to give us a hand. Please allow me to brief you on this operation.

MchG5: After Griffin had reclaimed Area S09, Internal Affairs planned to convert it into human settlement.

MchG5: But just as the reconstruction began, our scouts suddenly reported that a vast number of Sangvis troops were stationed some distance away.

MchG5: We need more exact information on our enemies as evidence for Miss Helian to negotiate with the construction contractor.

MchG5: To that end, we need a T-Doll to check in with the others and acquire the newest reconnaissance report.

MchG5: She's already in position, Commander. I'll let her say hello.

Gr MP5: G-Greetings. I am MP5 of Griffin.

Gr MP5: Um... I believe you are the commander who reclaimed Area S09? It is an honor to meet you.

Gr MP5: Now, to avoid alerting the enemy, we will be operating under the cover of night.

Gr MP5: Night vision goggles would be a great help, and armor-piercing bullets would also be very effective against armored units.

Gr MP5: Please guide me to the rendezvous point with the first T-Doll scout when you finish your preparation.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Arrived at the first rendezvous point.

Gr MP5: Report

MchG5: Looks like things are going smoothly. We were a bit worried whether this mission would be too much for you.

Gr MP5: Heheh. It is all thanks to the commander's guidance. I will also be careful.

MchG5: Good. Then have you found the scout in the area?

Gr MP5: Um... I do not know where she is. Maybe she is hiding herself?

??: I'm scouting in enemy territory. Of course I'm hiding.

Gr MP5: Ah! Who is it?!

WA2000: Hush... The Sangvis troops are right next to us. Stop shouting, or do you actually wanna die?

Gr MP5: (Whispers) S-Sorry...Miss WA2000. What is your situation over here?

WA2000: My situation? I'm perfectly well, of course. As for the situation over here? Not so much.

WA2000: There are armored bugs prowling all over the place. How did you manage to sneak in alone?

Gr MP5: Me? I am being escorted by a commander in this area.

WA2000: Huh? What?!

WA2000: Hey! Why have we suddenly switched to the commander's channel?!

Gr MP5: Hush... Please keep your voice down. We are right next to Sangvis troops!

WA2000: (Whispers) I-I know. You don't have to remind me...

WA2000: Um... So you're the commander in Area S09?

WA2000: Uh... Thanks for your help, and...

WA2000: ...That's all. I salute you. Over.

Gr MP5: Huh? Is that all?

WA2000: We're T-Dolls. We just have to carry out our missions.

Gr MP5: But...you seem to be blushing? Are you embarrassed?

WA2000: W-Why would I be?! Besides, I was born to fight. It's only natural that I'm not good with words!

Gr MP5: So are you admitting or denying your embarrassment...

WA2000: Shut up. Aren't you here for the recon report? You got it, so get lost already.

Gr MP5: Thank you, Miss WA. Here are some supplies that Miss G36 prepared especially for you.

WA2000: Oh... Chocolate ice cream? As expected of G36. She knows me.

WA2000: But don't you dare tell a soul... WA2000 loves ice cream? What a joke.

Gr MP5: Um... I am very sorry...

Gr MP5: But actually... The commander is still on the line...

WA2000: ...

WA2000: ...Why didn't you say so earlier?!

Gr MP5: Miss WA, is this the next recon check point?

WA2000: That's right, but you'll have to take over it before you can contact her.

WA2000: The enemies are strong, so be careful. Make sure you listen to the commander.

Gr MP5: Okay, got it. WA2000...seems to be very good at taking care of people.

WA2000: Humph. That's just because I've taken care of myself long enough.

WA2000: The rest is up to you guys. Good luck.

Gr MP5: All right! Commander, let us be on our way!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Arrived at the second check point.

Gr MP5: Um... Is anybody here?

P7: Oh, it's MP5! Welcome!

Gr MP5: Hello, Miss P7.

P7: Hello, hello. It must've been a tough journey for you! Come sit down and have some snacks!

Gr MP5: Oh... Th-Thank you...

Gr MP5: Pffft!!

Gr MP5: Th-This tastes like...!

P7: Hahaha! It's my special tasty pie!

Gr MP5: Stop pulling my leg. I have eaten a lot of pies and none of them tasted like this!

P7: Tee-hee. This is a recipe I learned from Miss 56-1. It's a local specialty from her homeland.

P7: An exquisite delicacy with five types of nuts, only eaten on a particularly full moon every year.

Gr MP5: So what are the five types of nuts...in this pastry?

P7: Well... I've forgotten the recipe, so I just made do with five types of pepper and some cheese powder.

Gr MP5: Hold on. Pepper is not even a kind of nut!

Gr MP5: And...why does the cheese powder taste like strawberries?!

P7: Well...56-1 said I needed to add something called "rock sugar".

P7: I don't know what that is, so I just threw in some strawberry ice cream.

P7: It was the last scoop, too. I spent an awful lot of effort to 'serve' you, you know!

Gr MP5: (Whimpers) ...P7 really is a prankster.

Gr MP5: But...I still have a job to do. I cannot let my emotions take over.

Gr MP5: Here are some supplies from Miss G36. A large can of iced juice.

P7: Humph. It's red. Tomato juice?

P7: G36 is trying to make me drink that horrid stuff again. Like I'd fall for it.

P7: Do not worry. I have a straw here. Just take a little sip. You can turn it down if you really don't like it.

P7: Hmm. All right, just a sip...

P7: Pffft!! W-What the heck is this?!

P7: Cough! That's not tomato juice! It's something even worse! So spicy! My throat!

Gr MP5: She is actually rolling on the ground. It looks very effective.

Gr MP5: This is vegetable juice squeezed from a kind of super spicy chilly called 'viper'. Just a sip has the effect of a tear gas grenade.

Gr MP5: Miss G36 said to let you drink it if you prank me with weird things.

P7: How could you do this to me?! That's so mean! I'm tearing up like mad!

Gr MP5: She also said to give you the iced tomato juice if you behave. I can let you have it right now if you want.

P7: Don't even think about making me drink that gross stuff! I want ice cream! Strawberry ice cream!

Gr MP5: Have you forgotten? You used up the last scoop to prank me.

P7: (Sobs) How did this happen...?

Gr MP5: That is the recon report on the desk, right? Mission accomplished. I shall take my leave.

P7: Wait! Cough... Please hold on a sec! MP5! Big Sis MP5!

P7: (Sobs) T-Tomato juice...please...

Gr MP5: MG5, I just retrieved the report from P7.

MchG5: Excellent. And G36 mentioned she had asked you to give P7 her nutrition supplements?

Gr MP5: That is correct. P7 just consumed six months worth of vitamins.

MchG5: Good. Then let's continue the operation.

Gr MP5: Hmm, I believe the next check point is manned by Miss MG4?

MchG5: MG4 is away on an urgent mission. I've arranged for two other T-Dolls to fill in for her. Identify each other with the password.

MchG5: Those two are notorious troublemakers. Get me if they misbehave.

Gr MP5: U-Understood. Let us be off, Commander.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Arrived at the third check point.

Gr MP5: We have arrived. I believe the password is...

Gr MP5: Gew Elf!

??: Ugh...

??: Rest. Take a rest...

Gr MP5: Huh? That is not the correct response. Let me confirm again...

Gr MP5: Gew...ELF!

??: O ye mortal who summoned this elf by her true name, n-name thy wish!

416: Sheesh! You're the one who came up with that embarrassing code. Why didn't you say it yourself?

Gr G11: The plan has always been to make you say it. What a blast. (Thumbs up)

416: You stupid dormouse. I should've stuffed your head into that barrel of Sauerkraut last night.

Gr MP5: Umm...Sorry, but are you the T-Dolls I am supposed to meet up with?

416: ...

Gr MP5: ... (What an unnerving stare.)

416: Judging from your weapon, you must be MP5.

416: We've been through quite some hardships thanks to you.

Gr G11: That's right. We can't let her off just like that, 416.

Gr MP5: Ack, hold on! What are you going to do to me?!

MchG5: Stop it, both of you!

MchG5: Just how petty can you get? You're always making things difficult!

416: Humph. This was none of our business to begin with.

Gr G11: We were only back at HQ for our check-ups, but got dragged off to this godforsaken place because of you.

MchG5: You're always diddling around, doing nothing to earn your pay.

MchG5: If you still have an issue with me, I'll ask Helian to kick your asses out.

Gr G11: W-What should we do, 416? MG5 is pulling this card again.

416: She can't threaten us. With 45's arrangements, we can have free meals everywhere.

Gr G11: O-Oh, you're right. It's the same no matter where we go.

MchG5: I don't care where you go, but freeloaders aren't welcome here!

Gr MP5: Please stop arguing.

Gr MP5: And please stop ignoring me. I still have a mission to carry out...

416: Take the report and scram. This is the last time we meet.

Gr MP5: Th-Thank you... You are 416 and G11, right?

Gr MP5: G36 initially prepared this ice cream for MG4.

Gr MP5: As a gesture of gratitude and farewell, let us enjoy it together.

Gr G11: ... (Nibbles)

Gr G11: Th-This...! This is my favorite rum-flavored ice cream! (Gobbles)

Gr G11: Dammit! Guess I'm staying after all! (Gobbles)

416: You aren't a person of principle, are you, dumbass?!

Gr G11: Of course I am! My principle is 'Wherever G36 goes, I go!' (Gobbles)

MchG5: Another failed defection, 416. I'd thought it'd last a bit longer this time.

416: ...

416: I've had enough...of living in a world full of morons...

Gr MP5: All reports have been collected, Commander. Thank you very much!

Gr MP5: I had thought...I would not be able to complete the mission... I am so weak and small... I can't do anything.

Gr MP5: But thanks to your constant protection along the way, I was able to carry out my duty.

Gr MP5: We now have one final task. I must deliver the reports to Miss Helian.

Gr MP5: In order to avoid Sangvis' detection and make it in time for her conference with the reconstruction contractors, please accompany me one last time.

Gr MP5: Let us do our best together on our final mission, Commander.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

MP5 reached Griffin's temporary office without a hitch.

Gr MP5: Miss Helian, here are the reports on Sangvis Ferri's stationed forces in the area.

Helian: Well done, MP5. Thanks for the hard work.

Helian: Let me see...

Helian: Sangvis Ferri has actually got their hands on this many armored units. The real estate agencies are gonna shake in their boots when they learn of this.

Gr MP5: So what should we do...? Can we counter this attack?

Helian: Of course not, but we won't have to.

Helian: Those are all military armored units that got hacked by Sangvis Ferri. The military will have to clean up their own mess.

Helian: We'll just help out here and there and stick our hand out for financial compensation.

Gr MP5: Will...that be enough...?

Helian: What's that, MP5?

Gr MP5: I just wish I could do more and be relied on, by both my companions and humans alike...

Gr MP5: That was why I had taken this assignment. I wanted to become stronger...

Helian: (Chuckles) All of you are altered from T-Dolls meant for civilian use. There's no way you'd beat military T-Dolls no matter how strong you become.

Gr MP5: You have a point. We are weak. Our weapons are obsolete. Even our characters are problematic.

Gr MP5: So where...does our worth lie...?

Helian: There are things that only you can do, MP5. That's the reason why Griffin has chosen you.

Gr MP5: But...I still wish to earn my place through my abilities.

Helian: Don't worry. Griffin won't let our own T-Dolls be inferior to military T-Dolls forever.

Helian: But that requires time, capital, and everyone's effort.

Helian: You are right to have such aspirations. Keep fighting, and leave the rest to us.

Gr MP5: Thank you, Miss Helian! I will also do my best on my next mission!

Click...

Helian: Hmm? What is it, Thompson?

Helian: ...Is that so? So it's begun? Understood.

Gr MP5: What is it, Miss Helian?

Helian: Here comes...the next mission.

