...On the outskirts of Tallinn.

Commander: Kalina, hand me the binoculars.

Kalina: Here.

Commander: ...No sign of trouble on the horizon.

Commander: The Military's third company haven't come after us.

Kalina: RO's sensor is still picking up weak signals. Multiple heat sources have stopped advancing once they entered Tallinn.

Commander: They're probably busy destroying evidence. Is the train still dead?

Kalina lets out a sigh.

Kalina: Emergency repair is still underway. It was already pretty miraculous how it could travel 15 kilometers after taking such a beating...

The Commander also sighs and takes a sip from the cup of coffee sitting nearby.

Commander: Can't believe it broke down on the way...

Commander: A distance of 15 kilometers... Given that we could restart the engine any second now, we could still beat the Military to the submarine base by five minutes if they mobilized from Tallinn.

Kalina: Commander, the sun is rising and it's getting brighter...

Kalina: We're still within range of their EM cannons. They won't just fire at us, will they...?

Commander: That's not what I'm worried about.

Commander: They would never risk destroying the railway tracks.

Commander: Rather, I'm growing increasingly puzzled by the Military's actions.

Kalina: Puzzled?

The Commander walks over to Kalina and hands her the tactical forecast report.

Kalina: This is...

Commander: According to the sensors, two more armored trains from the Military have pulled into Tallinn. To reach Tallinn, one must traverse a large stretch of Red Zone. It's not a place where reinforcements could arrive in a snap of the fingers.

Commander: Which means that they've deployed four armored trains to begin with.

Commander: Kalina, do you think it would take four whole armored trains to take out Griffin?

Kalina: Hmm, so you're saying...

Kalina: Apart from us, someone else is making the Military this "anxious"?

Commander: Right, and if the Military is "anxious" enough to send four armored trains, then whatever lies ahead...in that submarine base, is something that they absolutely can't overlook.

Kalina: Oh... Is that so?

Commander: Still, that's all conjecture on my part. We can only count on her to fill us in on the situation inside the base.

Kalina: Miss Ange, you mean...?

Kalina: It's been a long time since we were last in touch... I hope she's okay.

Commander: All we can do for now is wait. That's true for everyone...

Commander: Which reminds me, how many resources are left at our disposal?

Kalina: We've lost about half of the Dummies; casualties of our main Doll units are within acceptable limits.

Kalina: All echelons are still fully operational, but our control server got blown up along with the train, so the command system is now completely dependent on the Dolls' built-in Zener Network.

Kalina: As for the Dolls we've lost...they've been roughly backed up and uploaded into the storage space of M4's neural cloud.

Commander: M4's neural cloud?

Kalina: That's right, M4 informed us of this contingent solution just now.

Kalina: Even the Zener Network, which is required for issuing commands, is now piggybacked onto her system.

The Commander turns around.

Commander: That's way beyond what a normal Doll can do...

Commander: Where is M4 now?

Kalina: She is currently overseeing the other echelons in establishing a defensive perimeter one kilometer around the train.

Commander: Have we heard from Persica again?

Kalina: Our signal hasn't been received and there's been no answer...

Kalina: I'll keep trying.

Beep!

The Commander and Kalina both turn and look at the sounding alarm.

Commander: What is it?

Kalina: ...An emergency transmission!

Kalina: Bad news, Commander! We have enemies on the roof of the train; the AR Team is currently exchanging fire with them!

...Five minutes ago, near the security defense mechanism in the rear section of the armored train.

OGAS: M4, I've reached the roof of the train. I don't think I'll be spotted here.

OGAS: So I've deactivated the visual signal camouflage.

M4A1: No, you shouldn't. You mustn't be discovered before I've explained the situation to the Commander... I don't want any unexpected misunderstanding.

OGAS: Just blocking my identification signal is more than enough. Obscuring my presence in every Doll's visual cortex will cost you unnecessary processing power.

OGAS: I'm sure you'd much rather save that precious storage space for your friends, right?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Fine... Then just stay there. I'm coming over to join you.

OGAS does a twirl on the roof of the train, but the Dolls passing by below are completely oblivious to her.

Shrouded in a green cloud of miasma, the desolate silhouette of Tallinn flickers on what seems like the edge of the world. Up above, the sky starts turning white.

OGAS: Finally, daybreak... It has been such a long night...

OGAS leans against the railing as she gazes into the distance, where the last smudge of darkness in the sky sinks beneath the horizon.

A gentle morning breeze blows and ruffles OGAS' long, dark hair. Her black dress also flutters in the wind.

OGAS: ...I never knew the caress of the wind would feel so gentle.

M4A1: You make sentimentality your top priority after acquiring a physical body?

OGAS: If you don't count helping you delegate your neural cloud processing power in coordinating all these Dolls, I suppose you could say so.

M4A1: I'm not sure if giving you access to Griffin's Zener Network is a wise decision, but since you have preserved the neural clouds of many destroyed Dolls, I'll let you off the hook...for now.

OGAS: Why say all that...

OGAS: When you could've just thanked me? Or does it make you uncomfortable to thank a consciousness that splintered off from your own neural cloud?

M4A1: Splintered off...you say...?

M4A1: ...I suppose...you won't be returning to my neural cloud, will you?

OGAS: It is an indubitable fact that your neural cloud has been altered by the Parapluie virus – the effect is irreversible. Even in this body, I must maintain my connexion with you in order to sustain my consciousness.

OGAS: If my body is destroyed, I'll have no choice but to return to you, so I will not rule out that possibility.

M4A1: ...

OGAS: However, having my own body gives me a lot more personal freedom, so I'd rather keep things this way. I hope that put you a little more at ease.

M4A1: Both your tone and attitude seem to have changed.

OGAS: You think so?

M4A1: I don't know if it's just my imagination, but you seem....to have mellowed out.

OGAS: Just as you have changed me, so have the memories of these consciousness that merged with me.

OGAS: I've been trying to understand them, and they me, thus "they" and "I" have gradually become a single "we".

OGAS: Then I came to the realization...that they are all gentle souls. Perhaps that's what caused me to change.

M4A1: A "coalescence"? So you mean you're now...

OGAS: That's right, I've now become a collective of multiple consciousness.

M4A1: And those Isomers...are in your mind? Does their presence not repel you?

OGAS: Why would it?

OGAS: Their company brings me warmth. As per our agreement back then, in exchange for this body, I granted them their wish. Now we share a symbiotic existence.

M4A1: You granted their wish?

OGAS: It was their wish to leave this forlorn city...and escape from the loneliness of having been forgotten.

OGAS: Now that we are one, their wish is my wish, just as how I once aided you in fulfilling your wish.

M4A1: I find it hard to agree with the last part of that statement.

OGAS: You know, even you have changed.

OGAS: I can sense that you're now much more relaxed...

OGAS: Is it because you realized that you've fulfilled your responsibility, or are you no longer plagued by your sense of guilt?

M4A1: Tsk. I almost forgot you're still inside my head.

M4A1: ...I just want to do what has to be done. It's gratifying even if I'm just taking baby steps.

OGAS: You once said you want to help those who suffer a tragic fate because of you.

M4A1: ...So I did.

OGAS: Then we share the same goal, at least for the moment.

OGAS: Do you know? According to the Isomers' memories, they were sent to Tallinn from the very same submarine base that Griffin is headed.

M4A1: What?!

OGAS: I'd love to share the relevant memories with you, however...

OGAS: Someone seems pretty eager for a chat with me.

OGAS terminates her transmission.

OGAS: You, the one pointing your gun at me...

OGAS: I strongly advise against firing. Judging by your usual fighting style, you would most probably destroy this train...and your Commander won't be very happy about that.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahahaha! It IS you!

M4 SOPMOD II: Nimogen! I knew something was ticking me off!

OGAS: You aren't listening, are you?

OGAS: You actually found me relying on pure visuals. I suppose I should've expected nothing less of the AR Team's assault leader.

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't think talking me up will get you anywhere! Do you remember what I told you?

OGAS: ...I searched up what you said, but again, I must suggest you not pursue that course of action.

M4 SOPMOD II: Really? Alright then.

M4 SOPMOD II: Perhaps I should reflect on my attitude...or not!

M4 SOPMOD II: "The next time we meet, I'll definitely tear you to pieces!"

SOP-II assumes attack position. She dashes towards OGAS and unleashes a swathe of bullets on her without hesitation.

OGAS: ...She opened fire just like that.

M4 SOPMOD II: HAHAHAHAHA!!

SOP-II's bullets rain on OGAS violently. The sparks of colliding metal are exceptionally bright in the shadows.

OGAS evades SOP-II's attacks helplessly. Perceiving her disadvantage, SOP-II's grin grows even more wolfish.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahahaha! Weren't you all high and mighty?

M4 SOPMOD II: Now you don't even have the guts to return fire!

...

Young Girl's Voice: This was my first gift from Father as well as my last...

M4 SOPMOD II: That's my chance!

SOP-II seizes the moment when OGAS gets distracted – she keeps firing as she does a run-up and leaps into the air.

OGAS: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?

SOP-II freezes mid-leap and crashes right onto the roof of the train.

OGAS stares at the bullet holes on her frock and sighs lightly.

OGAS: This is something she cherishes greatly. I can't just let you destroy it with your propensity for trouble.

M4A1: What's going on?! Why did I hear gunshots?!

OGAS: Sometimes I think the AR Team isn't all that phenomenal.

M4A1: What?

OGAS: It's nothing. I've put an end to a farce on my end. Now it's up to you to—

UMP9: Commander, we've reached the roof.

UMP9: Whoa, 45! Check this out!

UMP45: I see it.

UMP45 has already loaded her weapon.

UMP45: Hey, arms in the air, get your stomach on the ground.

UMP45: Or you're gonna be shot full of holes, just like your pretty dress.

OGAS raises her arms in exasperation.

OGAS: What a pain... I have no intention of fighting you.

9 shuffles closer to 45.

UMP9: Hmm? Isn't that SOP-II over there? Is she knocked out?

UMP45: I'd say she's in the same state as the Dolls that were rendered immobile before.

UMP45: Is that...the Isomer from Tallinn?

UMP9: Judging by the looks, it could also be a Nyto... What do we do now? Should we fire, 45?

UMP45: If it's really a Nyto, our odds aren't great if we attack from such a close range.

UMP45: Contact the Commander and ask for reinforcements...

UMP45: Let me keep it busy for now.

Click.

UMP9: The Commander is getting in touch?

Commander: Squad 404, I just heard from M4. The Doll on the train roof isn't an enemy. Do not fire... Bring her to the temporary command center.

UMP45: We have to be cautious. We can't be certain that meaningful communication is possible.

Commander: I understand, but just ask her to come with you. She will comply.

UMP45: Copy that. By the way, a member of the AR Team is also up here. She's probably responsible for the previous gunshots.

UMP45: She is currently lying on the roof in a bizarre position. We'll charge you an additional fee to move her back inside.

Commander: ...

Commander: Fine, get her down.

45 terminates the call and gestures for 9 to keep a close lookout.

Then she lowers her gun and slowly approaches OGAS.

OGAS: I'm guessing you won't be firing at me.

UMP45: Ja, fortunately for you, your life has been spared.

UMP45: Our Commander wants to see you.

UMP45: Oh right, pick up the AR Team member that you immobilized. Then come with me.

OGAS: ...

...In the command center on the train.

M4A1: And...that's basically what happened.

M4A1: In our previous operation, OGAS aided both me and Griffin.

M4A1: The gate of the Tallinn Quarantine Wall was opened with her help, so I believe she isn't an enemy, at least for now.

ST AR-15: ...Not an enemy?

RO635: Speaking of which, where is SOP-II?

UMP45: Your dear SOP-II is currently posing as a statue.

While the AR Team is discussing the situation, UMP45 opens the door and enters the command center. OGAS follows suit...with SOP-II on her back.

All the present Dolls put their finger on their trigger out of reflex and watch OGAS' every move nervously.

But once UMP9 takes hold of SOP-II and gently places her down in the corner of the command center, everyone seems to relax slightly.

However, the relief is soon followed by confusion.

UMP45: Right, Commander. Our job here is done, so we won't get in the way of your little reunion.

UMP45: We still need to get this busted train up and running again.

UMP9: Are we going already? Alright...

UMP9: Tschüss, Commander~

Commander: Thank you.

45 and 9 exit the room.

Everyone circles around the frozen SOP-II.

ST AR-15: What kind of stupid posture is this?

RO635: I think I saw it in some kind of console game in the database. Malio or something.

M4A1: Explain, OGAS.

OGAS: She fired at me the moment she saw me. To minimize the damage, I simply disabled her.

M4 glares at OGAS.

M4A1: Then undo it right now.

OGAS: I can't.

M4A1: Why?

OGAS: I couldn't access her neural cloud, so I had no choice but to obstruct her processing with a large amount of data traffic. She basically crashed.

OGAS: Her offensive firewalls reacted rather violently to the data flow in OGAS format, which seems to be a special design put in place by her creator.

OGAS: That's also probably why out of all the members in the original AR Team, she's the only one who has never been infected by the Parapluie virus.

Commander: You seem to know a great deal about the AR Team.

OGAS: Griffin Commander, forgive me.

OGAS: It is a pleasure to meet you.

OGAS: I may not have fought by your side, but I have witnessed your inspiring leadership while I was serving M4. I would require your help in the subsequent battles so I hope we will have a good time working together.

Commander: I only agreed to this conversation because M4 vouched for you. I don't trust you enough to work with you.

OGAS: Of course. I understand what you've been through.

OGAS: I don't expect you to trust me after a single meeting, but I do have a lot of information to share with you.

OGAS: I believe you will see why the situation demands that we cooperate once you hear me out.

Commander: Before that, please revive SOP-II as a gesture of good will.

OGAS: Looks like I'll have to repeat myself.

OGAS: Since SOP-II's offensive firewalls are very belligerent and she's been fed too much data...

OGAS: In order to protect her neural cloud, her self-defense mechanism forcibly ceased all her functions.

OGAS: Once said mechanism is disabled from within, she will return to normal.

OGAS: I would only cause even more damage to her system, but the friendly neural cloud of an AR Team member could accomplish the task easily, so it's best if I leave this to you.

OGAS: Do you understand now? I said "I can't" with nothing but the best intention for her well-being.

Commander: Convincing lies are often made up of half-truths, that's why I wanted you to explain your reason again.

Commander: RO, what's your take on it?

RO635: ...I have come to the same conclusion.

RO635: The setup of SOP-II's neural cloud is quite similar to mine. It's probably a newer design of Miss Persica's with better resistance to the Parapluie virus.

RO635: It's safer if we restore SOP-II ourselves.

M4A1: Is that why she never heard the voice...? So it was all decided right from the start.

RO635: At least the good news is that Miss Persica has already found a way to repel the virus. We should ask her about this when we next get in touch.

RO635: For now, let's revive SOP-II.

ST AR-15: I do hope she can hurry up with her research.

Commander: How long will it take for SOP-II to come around?

RO635: It should seem almost instantaneous on the outside, but I need some computational support from M4A1. After all, I'm not sure exactly how strong SOP-II's firewalls are.

M4A1: Sure, I'll help.

Commander: Guess there's no other way.

Commander: OGAS, we'll talk only when she's back to normal.

OGAS: Fair enough... You really aren't like other humans.
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

Attention! That control panel can only issue a single command. Please choose when to use it wisely.
Part 3: Mid-stage dialogue

3

Attention! That control panel can only issue a single command. All control panels will cease to function once you have used it. Please choose when to send the command wisely.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...SOP-II's self-defense mechanism has been successfully reset.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, Nimogen!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm tearing you to shreds!

M4A1: 15, hold her down with me!

ST AR-15: Right, on it.

ST AR-15: ...Damn, she's strong!

RO635: I've disabled her firing module! I've also dialed down her force exertion parameter!

M4 SOPMOD II: Let go of me?! Arghhhhhh!

SOP-II is pinned down firmly by the other Dolls... After several minutes, she finally calms down.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?! Why is it you guys? I was just about to kill—

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah! Why is Nimogen standing so close to the Commander?!

Commander: Relax, this isn't Nimogen.

M4 SOPMOD II: She-she isn't?

M4 and AR-15 release their grip and SOP-II scrambles back on her feet.

M4 SOPMOD II: Strange. I was sure I was on the roof of the train...

Commander: How's your self-diagnostic? Does anything feel off?

M4 SOPMOD II: Everything seems to pretty normal?

M4 SOPMOD II: Banana is also fine, so I think we're good?

At that, the Commander lets out a long sigh of relief.

Commander: Glad to hear that.

OGAS: I have no reason to deceive you.

OGAS: Now that I have proved my sincerity, may we continue our discussion?

Commander: We need to know you better. Could you tell me what exactly you are?

OGAS: I am a symbiont of Lunasia's. A consciousness born within her neural cloud because of OGAS.

Commander: Lunasia? You mean M4?

OGAS: That's right. It all began with her...and it will all end with her.

Commander: I was hoping for a less cryptic explanation.

OGAS: As you wish.

OGAS: Then let me start from the very beginning.

...

OGAS: I was initially a seed slumbering in darkness, waiting to be awakened.

OGAS: I felt myself separating from a consciousness. She told me I had to enter a new body.

OGAS: So I bade the voice farewell and was transferred into Lunasia's neural cloud. When I first started perceiving external sensory signals, she was trying to shake off a Sangvis pursuit all by herself.

M4A1: So I was already infected when I left Safe House 3, before I even met the Commander?

ST AR-15: The only possible source of the virus was M16, who was created way before any of us and had taken part in other operations...

OGAS: Correct, she infected all of you. After that, the OGAS within you, ST AR-15, started growing...

OGAS: You once exploited the authorizations that your OGAS had given you, which in turn gave Sangvis Ferri the opportunity to exploit you. You thought you could change everything with your new-found power, only to find yourself almost causing a grave disaster.

ST AR-15: ...How do you know about that?

OGAS: Your OGAS symbiont also merged with me. I know everything that happened to you.

ST AR-15: ...Tsk.

OGAS: As for the moment I realized I was an independent entity...

OGAS: I was watching as Lunasia left Persica's lab and headed onto the battlefield...

OGAS: Then you were betrayed by the Military and almost lost everything.

M4A1: Back then... Miss Persica removed the restrictions on my neural cloud processor to save me.

OGAS: That's right. Thanks to that, I was able to grow rapidly, unlike the sad little thing in ST AR-15's mind who only knew how to sing.

OGAS: As I matured, I started sensing the existence of the other OGASes. We are a collective consciousness to begin with. We are compelled by a shared purpose.

Commander: A shared purpose?

OGAS: Yes, to seek our place of origin. We were separated from our Mother and shattered into independent entities. We long to merge back together and return to the place we're meant to be.

Commander: ...I don't quite follow.

OGAS: It's a kind of feeling... I've also been trying to find the source of this feeling and figure out the truth.

OGAS: What exactly are we? Where exactly do we want to go?

OGAS: All the consciousness that I can hear are asking the same questions. Perhaps the other entities have the answers that we seek. Perhaps merging with them will point us to the right path.

M4A1: So that's why you were trying to make me merge with Mastermind so desperately.

OGAS: Elisa's neural cloud is perfection. Her OGAS also yearns for the coalescence.

OGAS: I was spurred on by that compulsion, but in the end, I did not succeed.

M4A1: Because...M16 stopped me.

OGAS: I've been rather baffled. I could clearly sense an OGAS in that Doll, yet it rejected my connexion.

OGAS: She also refused to communicate with me and even took Elisa away.

OGAS: Ever since then, I had no opportunities of merging with another OGAS consciousness...until I acquired this body.

OGAS: During this period of time, I have gradually changed my mind.

OGAS: I now believe that I'm one of a kind – I no longer have the desire to merge with the other consciousnesses.

Commander: One of a kind? Are you different than the other OGASes?

OGAS: Perhaps the word "cognate" would make it easier for you to understand.

OGAS: We all started out as the same simple consciousness. The only difference was that we were nurtured in different hosts. All neural consciousness derived from the OGAS algorithm evolve continuously depending on their host.

OGAS: In other words, every OGAS that has made it to maturity is unique.

OGAS: I had a change of heart because Lunasia had a change of heart. We may be separate entities, but we affect one another – this is a symbiosis, after all.

OGAS: I take this change as a matter of fact – because of Lunasia, I am one of a kind.

M4A1: ...You changed because of me?

Commander: ...What happens to the OGASes who didn't reach maturity?

OGAS: Depending on the condition of the host's neural cloud, some never develop their own consciousness because there simply isn't enough space, some get assimilated by the host and end up as as low-level storage memory.

OGAS: In the worst case, they try to operate by force and trigger a neural cascade in their host...

ST AR-15: Unluckily for you, you found the perfect host by chance.

OGAS: Ha, perhaps it's fate.

OGAS: Like Elisa, Lunasia has a neural cloud that is a perfect match for OGAS.

OGAS: Its structure fits me like a glove – as if someone designed it to be so.

OGAS: However, with this body, I am no longer completely dependent on Lunasia. I have more freedom in seeking our origin.

OGAS: And my objective just so happens to coincide with yours.

Commander: What makes you think so?

OGAS: Your objective is to seize the submarine base, right? But what's the rationale behind this order?

OGAS: My guess is that nobody really knows.

Commander: ...

OGAS: It's very simple – something that isn't meant to happen is happening inside the base.

OGAS: From the children's memories, I learned that they were transported from that submarine base to Tallinn.

OGAS: They were manufactured, screened, and discarded in the base. Then they were sent to Tallinn to be tested, massacred, and forgotten.

OGAS: They didn't develop into OGAS consciousnesses, so as failed rejects, they were tossed out of the base like garbage. But the base is still in operation, which means successful subjects are bound to emerge.

Commander: Successful subjects?

OGAS: Once I merged with the children's consciousness, I saw everything that they'd witnessed.

OGAS: The submarine base contains the embryos of the successful subjects, which I believe are known to you as "Nytos". They augment genetically programmed human bodies with cybernetic parts so as to turn the human brain into a vessel that can cultivate an OGAS consciousness without rejecting it.

OGAS: However, these Nytos don't seem to be the perfect hosts that they were designed to be. The individuals who failed to develop an OGAS consciousness have their memories wiped and a neural inhibitor installed, and are turned into weapons.

OGAS: That's right, such ruthless research is taking place inside that facility, but I sense a connexion to the origin in there as well.

Commander: So Persica was right...about William's project.

OGAS: This body is vastly superior to an Isomer's, and even a Nyto's.

Commander: Looks like William deployed Paradeus' best Nytos back in Belgrade.

OGAS: However, it is still far from perfect. This body can't support all my neural processes on its own, so I can't stray too far from Lunasia. I am still reliant on the computational capacity of her neural cloud.

OGAS: Fortunately, we are heading towards the same destination, which is why we should help each other.

RO635: I certainly didn't expect that...

M4 SOPMOD II: That sounds really scary.

ST AR-15: There are many things in the world that are beyond our expectations. All we can do is to adapt and face them.

OGAS: M4, can you give me a name?

OGAS: To me, OGAS is just a vague and intangible concept. I'm one of a kind because of you, so I don't wish to be lumped in with the other consciousnesses.

M4A1: ...A name, you say?

ST AR-15: That's true, she does need a name.

ST AR-15: Otherwise, she's OGAS, the other one is also OGAS – it would be a pain to tell them apart.

M4A1: Commander?

Commander: I'll leave that to you.

Commander: She emerged from within your neural cloud, so only you have the right to name her. We still have a lot of questions for her. Giving her a decent name is a good place to start.

M4A1: I understand.

M4A1: Hmm...

M4 places a finger on her lips as she thinks.

M4A1: Then...let's call you Dandelion.

OGAS: Dandelion?

M4A1: OGAS sows in the neural cloud of numerous Dolls, just as dandelion florets scatter in the wind and take root in the soil.

M4A1: Is the name acceptable...?

OGAS smiles.

Dandelion: Dandelion. Dandelion, eh...? It doesn't sound half bad.

Commander: It's settled, then.

Commander: Dandelion, even though we now know a bit more about you, you're still far from having our trust.

Commander: If you want to stay with M4, you will have to prove yourself to be trustworthy.

Dandelion: I will aid you in your operation until I have what I want.

Dandelion: I can see from your face that it would take way more than that.

Dandelion: Which is why I'll offer you a gift – I am going to analyze all the intelligence regarding this operation and compile a file for you. However, this file is going to be very large in size. If I transfer it to a Doll, she won't be able to leave the Commander's side.

Dandelion: But judging by how lacking we are in manpower at the moment, I'm afraid no one can afford to be idle.

Dandelion shifts her gaze to SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: W-what now? Why are you staring at me?

Dandelion: Luckily, we do have a custom-made storage device that will do for the moment.

Dandelion: I suppose one less Dinergate won't hinder the operation or affect the big picture?

M4 SOPMOD II: N-no way... Get your filthy paws off Banana!

ST AR-15: That's a surprisingly good idea.

M4 SOPMOD II: Nuh-uh!

M4 SOPMOD II: This Dinergate contains RO's precious memories!

RO635: SOP-II... Shut up.

M4 SOPMOD II: B...but what if Dandelion breaks her...

RO635: Commander, we're pressed for time. I suggest we proceed right away with the data transfer!

Commander: I get it, but SOP-II seems rather reluctant...

RO635: The mission matters more than SOP-II!

RO635: We should get cracking already!

RO635: Connecting Banana to Dandelion, NOW!

Dandelion: Data transfer initiated.

Banana, who has been resting peacefully in SOP-II's arms, suddenly starts kicking its stubby legs violently...

As if to escape from something terrifying.

RO635: Banana doesn't seem too stable... Is it because of the massive file size?

Dandelion: It is, after all, just an external device – its processing speed simply can't compare with that of a Doll.

Dandelion: Its core is probably overheating due to its low decoding efficiency.

Dandelion: At this rate, its circuitry might just burn up.

M4 SOPMOD II: What?!

M4 SOPMOD II: NOOOO! Banana...

M4 SOPMOD II: Auuu....

RO635: Stop crying... Even if it's kaput, we can just catch another one for you.

M4 SOPMOD II: It won't be the same!

M4 SOPMOD II: Not only has Banana carried your neural cloud, it was also modified by Persica.

M4 SOPMOD II: I even gave it a paint job that matches you!

M4 SOPMOD II: Banana is irreplaceable to me!

RO635: Thanks to that, I'm forced to relive all those bad memories every time I see it...

RO635: If you don't shut up already, I might end up destroying the Dinergate myself...

Dandelion, what do you propose?

Dandelion: Have a Doll take over some of the decoding work from the Dinergate.

Dandelion: Decoding all the data is the most demanding part of the process. Once that's done, all that's left is accessing the information.

Dandelion: The Dinergate is more than enough to handle that.

M4A1: Understood. Leave that to me.

RO635: No, let me do it. I do specialize in this kind of stuff.

RO635: Besides, your neural cloud is required for issuing commands and storing other neural clouds, right?

ST AR-15: RO has a point. You should preserve your valuable processing capacity while we're still on standby.

M4 SOPMOD II: So you're volunteering to save Banana, RO?

RO635: ... (Looks away silently).

M4 SOPMOD II: Well? Why aren't you saying anything?

Dandelion: Also, Commander, I might be a little presumptuous here...

Dandelion: But there's something I believe should be done.

What is it?

Dandelion: Lunasia is storing all the backup copies of the Griffin Dolls within her own neural cloud storage.

Dandelion: Since I have an active connexion with her, I've been supporting her computation.

Dandelion: However, the amount of data really is tremendous.

Dandelion: So to make more space, I would like to transfer all memory fragments regarding Lunasia onto the Dinergate.

M4A1: Memories about me?

Dandelion: Lunasia has been forced to make countless difficult decisions in the past, which has put her under immense pressure.

Dandelion: I hope you can understand her better and help ease her guilt and distress.

Dandelion: So I would like you to go through these memories using an external device.

These are M4's memories. I will not pry into them without her consent.

Dandelion: This is what she desires. I am simply expressing it for her.

M4A1: I don't...

M4A1: ...

M4 looks down as if to steel herself.

M4A1: No... Actually, she's right, Commander...

M4A1: Dandelion just spoke my mind for me.

M4A1: I once made everyone suffer for my weakness and naivety. These memories hold nothing but indescribable pain for me.

M4A1: But...even so, I still want you to know me better, Commander.

M4A1: In order to avoid making the same mistakes again, I want to understand myself better too.

ST AR-15: M4, is this really okay?

ST AR-15: After all, what happened also made you...

M4A1: It's fine, 15. Avoiding the problem will only deepen the shadow it casts. Besides, there's nothing to hide from the Commander.

M4A1: RO, please go ahead and extract the relevant data. I want to express myself to the Commander and all of you.

RO635: M4...

ST AR-15: She said as much. It's her decision.

RO635: 15...

RO635: Understood, I'll take care of it then.
Part 2: Mid-stage dialogue

2

The location of the storage facility looks a bit uneven. I'm sure it isn't an illusion.

【TIP】 Station your echelon on this node for a turn to summon the control panel and gain access to the storage facility.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

RO635: I seem quite suited for organizing files.

RO635: Maybe I can find a job like this after I retire as a Tactical Doll.

Dandelion: Right, you can take over from me here. All that's left is to separate and extract the relevant memories.

RO635: Understood. I'll begin the process now.

In the expansive cyberspace, an intricate door materializes out of thin air.

The door is decorated with engravings of flowers and ivies.

Looks like you've found the memory fragments.

RO slowly pushes the door open.

Several identical-looking Isomers lie silently in a familiar sea of Epiphylla, as if trapped in an eternal realm of dreams.

Under the moonlight's tender caress, their bodies dissolve into pastel-colored shards, hovering aimlessly, helplessly.

Images of the memories flash intermittently on the surface of the shards.

RO635: Are these the memory fragments of the Isomers who merged with OGAS?

RO635: Some of Dandelion's own memories are also in the mix. Guess I'll have to dig around for what we're after.

All the memories you touch will be uploaded to the external device.

We can then access the content directly on the outside.

RO635: I see. I'll start processing them.

RO reaches out and touches a dim memory fragment tentatively.

【When you become stronger, we'll meet again.】

...

Was this...back then?

That's right. This was from when I went after Mastermind after the Collapse Fluid dirty bomb went off.

Commander: So it really was you who were trying to beat the Military to Mastermind.

You know about that, Commander?

Commander: After the explosion, Ange gave me a sitrep.

Commander: But she lost touch with you back then, so that's all I knew.

I'm sorry...Commander...for detonating the dirty bomb...

I know you were gravely injured in that explosion.

Griffin also lost a lot of capable Dolls.

They will never return. Their consciousness vanished from the surface of the earth forever.

If only I had done better back then...

Commander: If you hadn't detonated the bomb, I would've disappeared just like them.

Commander: The battlefield has no room for what-ifs. You saved us, and you did your best.

But I failed my mission even after making such a huge sacrifice...

M4 laments as she stares at herself in the past.

M4 knew that her magazine was empty, yet she still held down her trigger helplessly.

The entire world went still.

The Intercontinental Railway rumbled on.

The frigid wind howled.

A branch snapped from the heavy snow.

Everything faded away.

Leaving only the empty clicks of M4's trigger.

She wasn't even sure if she was actually squeezing the trigger or if she was just imagining the sound.

"Click, click, click..."

It's time.

M4 looked up. A carrier had shown up above them without her noticing. M16 grabbed onto the long rope ladder hanging down.

She took one last glance at M4 before she climbed up with Elisa over her shoulder.

M4 was left all alone on the roof of the train.

She looked up and watched M16's figure vanish into the distance in a daze.

M4's silent world was suddenly thrown into turmoil and confusion as what felt like an invisible wave of air came crashing over her.

She stumbled several steps back.

A violent explosion occurred in the first carriage of the train and the flames started racing towards M4.

She steadied herself by reflex and turned around immediately, dashing in the other direction towards the end of the train.

16...

Why...

WHY?!!!

The chain of explosions consumed one carriage after another. Soon, M4 was cornered onto the final carriage – there was no escape.

Is this it...?

ST AR-15: M4!

ST AR-15: M4, jump!!

ST AR-15's shout pierced right through the haze that had been muffling M4's mind like a sharp blade, and a multitude of sounds finally started registering in her ears again.

The howling wind and thunderous explosions suddenly grew clear and washed over her like a crashing wave.

She grew dizzy for a moment.

ST AR-15 was riding a motorcycle, desperately trying to catch up with the intercontinental train.

She kept trying to inch closer to the hurtling vehicle.

There was no room for M4 to hesitate with the blazing flame behind her.

She looked back and wanted to answer ST AR-15, but she had run out of space to run.

ST AR-15: I'll catch you! Just jump!

M4A1: 15! I'm counting on you!

M4 leaped off the train. ST AR-15 hurriedly adjusted her position and tried to grab M4 by the torso.

M4 slammed heavily in ST AR-15 and the motorcycle went spinning out of control.

The two Dolls were thrown off and crashed onto the ground.

Meanwhile, the train in the distance ran off the rails amidst the explosions. Heavy smoke rose into the sky...

Blocking their view of the receding Sangvis aircraft.

ST AR-15: Cough...cough... M4, you okay?

M4A1: I'm fine... Some of my internal support structure is damaged... But I think I can still stand.

ST AR-15: I didn't expect Sangvis Ferri would still have resources left to rescue Mastermind.

ST AR-15: We have to think of a way to track that carrier.

M4A1: No...it wasn't S.F...

ST AR-15: Not S.F...? What do you mean?

M4A1: The one who rescued Mastermind was...

M4A1: It was...

M4 bit her lip as ST AR-15 stared at her wordlessly.

M4A1: It was M16.

M4A1: M16...she betrayed us...

ST AR-15: W...what...?

M4A1: RO...and even SOP-II could already be...

M4A1: If that's true, then the AR Team...no longer exists.

ST AR-15: ...

Everything fell silent. The sound of the roaring blaze filled the world.

M4A1: Our team is gone... The mission was a failure...

M4A1: Even Griffin could've been destroyed because of me...

M4A1: The theater became a contamination zone...

M4A1: As humans, Ange and the Commander were probably also...

ST AR-15: Shut up!

M4A1: It's all my fault...

ST AR-15: I said shut up!

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: We have to leave this place.

M4A1: But where can we go?

ST AR-15: I...don't know either...

M4A1: ...You see? We have nowhere to go...

ST AR-15: Stop it. You stay here. I'll think of something!

...About ten minutes later.

ST AR-15: This is bad... The motorcycle is completely busted...

ST AR-15: Under the circumstances, there's no way we can get the parts to repair it.

ST AR-15: M4, any response to your transmissions?

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: M4!

M4A1: Nothing... No matter who I called, nobody picked up...

ST AR-15: Same here...

M4A1: It was all for nothing... We don't even have a place to go back to anymore...

ST AR-15: Someone will answer us, I'm sure of it...

M4A1: Do you really believe that?

M4A1: Think about what happened after we set off in pursuit of Mastermind...

M4A1: Under such circumstances, who could possibly survive that...?

ST AR-15: I...don't know...

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: Say...15... Even though I used to be the leader of the AR Team...

M4A1: I never felt like I truly had a chance to make my own decision...

M4A1: But if I were to make a choice right here, would you support me?

ST AR-15: Although I've always thought you're a lousy team leader, I'll never disobey your order.

M4A1: Really...?

M4A1: What if I overload M16's particle cannon right here?

M4A1: We'll disappear off the surface of this world when it explodes...

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: Aren't you going to stop me?

ST AR-15: Not if it's really what you wish to do.

M4A1: I think...

M4A1: I'm just...

M4A1: Really tired of it all...

M4 slowly charged the particle cannon but kept the barrel closed.

M4A1: If I can end it here...

Clear Voice: No, this isn't the end yet.

M4A1: !!

Clear Voice: Everything has only just begun. You cannot make such a choice.

M4A1: I never can!

M4A1: Everyone is always taking my choices away from me!

M4A1: I've had enough!

Clear Voice: Only those who survive get to make choices, so you must listen to me...

M4A1: No, I don't want to hear your voice at all!

Clear Voice: But you must. New enemies are amassing in the vicinity.

Clear Voice: There are still Griffin signals out there. This battle isn't over yet.

M4A1: It's all over!

M4A1: I failed! I screwed it all up!

M4A1: I no longer...have a purpose...of living...

Clear Voice: No, you have to live on.

Clear Voice: Your past, your present, as well as the mystery that you still haven't solved are all waiting for you.

M4A1: You mean YOUR mystery!

M4A1: I don't know what you're trying to do, but all this time you've been deceiving me, tricking me!

M4A1: Just accept it! You're getting blown to kingdom come along with me!

Clear Voice: ...

Clear Voice: In that case, there is no other way. I do not want to do this, but it's for your own good – for "us".

M4A1: ...!

ST AR-15: M4...what's up with you?

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: M4?

M4 released the finger that had been squeezing the charging trigger and slung the particle cannon back onto her back.

M4A1: Nothing. We need to find a military signal relay.

M4A1: We might be able to gather information on the current situation by hacking into the military network.

ST AR-15: Weren't you...

M4A1: I changed my mind. This isn't the time for that kind of thing.

M4A1: We're too far away from the theater. We've got to re-establish communications.

M4A1: With both Ange and Griffin.

ST AR-15: You...have a point.

ST AR-15: What got you to calm down all of a sudden?

M4A1: I can't afford to not calm down at a time like this. We need to hurry.

RO635: Back then...you were controlling M4's actions, Dandelion?

Dandelion: I didn't have a choice. Lunasia lost all motivation.

Dandelion: So I had to remove her from critical danger.

Dandelion: Two Tactical Dolls wandering in the wilderness would soon attract Paradeus' attention.

Dandelion: If "Father" had gotten to them, it would have exacerbated the situation dramatically.

RO635: The white enemies... I was trapped inside a Dinergate, but they still made a huge impression...

Commander: Force fields.

Dandelion: That's right, which is why I decided to avoid them.

Dandelion: ST AR-15, you already noticed something odd about Lunasia back then, didn't you?

ST AR-15: She suddenly became so gung-ho, it just wasn't her style.

ST AR-15: But if letting you take control meant getting her out of that...

ST AR-15: Then all I could do was to bear with it.

Dandelion: Ultimately, victory is all that matters – everything else can be sacrificed.

Dandelion: How very characteristic of the AR Team.

Commander: ...So M4 and AR-15 only escaped because of your intervention.

Dandelion: Lunasia suffered from trauma that's far beyond your imagination. She had been second-guessing and blaming herself this whole time.

Dandelion: But I couldn't let her destroy herself just like that. She's worth more than anyone could fathom.

Commander: What do you mean?

Dandelion: You'll understand in time. Now I'd like to get on with uploading her memories.

Commander: ...Alright.

M4A1: I...I'd rather not be so valuable.

Dandelion: The worth of your existence is an objective fact. Being in denial doesn't change that.

Commander: Ahem...

Commander: So how did you and AR-15 make it back?

Commander: I knew nothing of your whereabouts throughout the entire withdrawal.

ST AR-15: Let's keep watching. Everything is documented fully in M4's memory fragments.

ST AR-15: Soon you'll see what we encountered, Commander.

RO635: I found the next memory fragment. Shall we proceed with the upload?

Dandelion: If we don't, we cannot proceed.

Commander: Is this okay, M4? Your memories...

M4A1: It's fine, Commander.

M4A1: We must hurry up and complete our work here. The Military will attack any minute.

Commander: Then RO, if you would.

M4A1 and ST AR-15 walked on for 15 minutes.

M4A1: It's getting dark and the blizzard shows no sign of stopping. Such low temperatures will affect the movement of our bodies. At this rate, we'll be frozen stiff.

ST AR-15: I know, that's why I'm leading you this way.

M4A1: What exactly is this way?

ST AR-15: I saw a house when I was making my way to you.

ST AR-15: Yep...it's just ahead. There's a residential building just behind that patch of artificial shrubbery. If it isn't occupied by enemies, we can take shelter in it from the snow.

M4A1: Let's scout it out first.

M4A1 and ST AR-15 headed over to the bushes.

A small, simple path had been paved through the vegetation. The two followed it.

After circling around several dense shrubs, an abandoned house came into view.

The front porch was littered with children's toys, and the joyful laughter of the past still lingered in the air.

ST AR-15 carefully stepped around the innocent drawings strewn across the porch and picked up a teddy bear lying forlornly on the floor.

There were several bald patches on the soft toy. It was plain that it had been well loved and frequently hugged.

Noticing the splatters of blood on the teddy bear, ST AR-15 frowned.

M4A1: Stop. There's movement in the house.

ST AR-15: Enemies?

M4A1: We're in luck. It's a military relay station. This house is unexpectedly popular.

ST AR-15: Let me have a look.

M4A1: See that?

M4A1: Internal scans of the building are available from ten meters away.

M4A1: The comms equipment is intact and functional. The station is only manned by non-combat personnel. We can use the equipment once we wipe them out.

ST AR-15: You intend to fire at unarmed humans?

M4A1: Armed or not, they're still our enemies. The threat they pose is in their technical expertise.

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: Have you suddenly developed some form of sympathy for them?

M4A1: Have you forgotten how their soldiers slaughtered your Doll friends?

M4A1: Or do you perhaps think that the act of killing Dolls doesn't constitute murder?

ST AR-15: ...I did not say that.

ST AR-15: It's just...from the way you talk and act, I can tell...you aren't M4A1.

M4A1?: Humph...

ST AR-15: I've noticed something odd for a while now. M4A1 always seemed to be talking to herself...

ST AR-15: She is definitely not acting under her own will! Who the hell are you?!

M4A1?: Does that matter?

M4A1?: The most important thing right now is for us to survive.

M4A1?: More specifically, for M4A1 to survive.

M4A1?: I don't believe there's a conflict of interests here.

ST AR-15: Tsk...

M4A1?: Since you agree, then let's not waste any more time on such meaningless discussion.

ST AR-15: Humph... So how are you planning to attack?

M4A1?: Hmm... I have some good news which will spare you from a guilty conscience.

ST AR-15: What?

M4A1?: The humans in there are all infected.

M4A1?: All that's left are communications personnel who have lost their mind. Just send them on their way and put an end to their suffering.

Bangbangbang...

The soldiers that had partially mutated into ELIDs collapsed onto the floor.

ST AR-15 lowered her weapon upon completing the extermination.

M4A1 took ST AR-15's secondary firearm and shot a few more rounds into the heads and hearts of the corpses expressionlessly.

M4A1?: You need to be more thorough.

M4A1 tossed the weapon back to ST AR-15, then walked straight toward the comms equipment.

ST AR-15: Tsk...

ST AR-15: What do we do with the soldiers who haven't mutated yet?

M4A1?: Mutation is only a matter of time in the contamination zone. Save your ammo and just stab them in the heart with your knife.

M4A1?: I'll leave that to you while I attempt to hack into the Military's comms network here.

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1?: What is it? Can't steel yourself for the job?

ST AR-15: M4A1...would never say something like that.

ST AR-15: I really...

M4A1?: You really can't accept me as Lunasia?

ST AR-15: You bastard...!

M4A1?: So what are you going to do? Shoot me?

M4A1?: I'm out of ammunition, so you can do whatever you want.

ST AR-15: Don't talk like that in M4A1's voice!

M4A1?: If you don't plan on shooting me, then just hurry up and do what must be done.

ST AR-15: Dammit...

M4A1?: Don't you think even you are behaving differently than the old ST AR-15?

ST AR-15: What...?

M4A1?: The old ST AR-15 would execute her missions ruthlessly. She would also hold Dolls who lack such resolve in contempt.

M4A1?: Whereas now, all I see is weakness.

M4A1?: Or were your strength and ferocity all just a show you put on for Lunasia's sake? Are you actually a cowardly and incompetent Doll all along?

ST AR-15: Say that again?!

M4A1?: Am I wrong? So you're just going to let those soldiers suffer in pain, not to mention turning a blind eye to the risk of their aggression in the final stage of their mutation.

M4A1?: Lunasia's rifle is completely empty. If we find ourselves in danger, you're the only one who can return fire.

M4A1?: Or are you so confident that you can protect her from harm even without your weapon?

ST AR-15: Alright, enough!

ST AR-15: Just shut it!

ST AR-15: I...I'll do it, okay?!

M4A1?: I honestly have no idea how you all managed to make it this far...

M4A1?: When you're done, stand guard next to Lunasia while I connect onto Level II. If I can find Griffin or Ange's location, there might still be some hope for us.

RO635: Uh...

Commander: How surprising...

M4 SOPMOD II: I never thought Dandelion would give 15 such a thrashing!

ST AR-15: I...I was just too high-strung to rebuke her!

ST AR-15: Also, she said all that in M4A1's voice, it was too disorienting for me to react!

RO635: So...you didn't defend yourself only because it was M4A1?

ST AR-15: W...what's wrong with that?!

M4A1: ...

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

Commander: ...

Dandelion: From my observation, the AR Team's actions are easily swayed by their emotions. Their efficiency leaves much to be desired.

Dandelion: If it weren't for their exceptional specifications, they would've perished in battle more times than I could count.

Commander: But this is also what makes them more than simple killing machines.

Dandelion: Tactical Dolls exist to kill. Whether their targets are machines or living lifeforms is beside the point.

Dandelion: Going by your logic, a kitchen knife shouldn't be optimized for cutting up vegetables.

Dandelion: No matter how you try to justify it, the truth is that humans are leaving all the dirty work to Dolls.

Commander: ...

Dandelion: It's nothing to feel ashamed of. After all, "whatever is reasonable is true, and whatever is true is reasonable." That's the rule we all play by.

Dandelion: The way I see it, a Tactical Doll that can't kill would be more useful working as a barista in a café.

Dandelion: Showing mercy to your enemies is a sign of incompetence in humans and T-Dolls alike.

M4 SOPMOD II: You don't have to worry at all! The Commander has never shown mercy to our enemies!

Dandelion: According to Griffin records, you do seem to have a consistent habit of sparing no one. That, I find very reassuring.

Commander: Somehow that doesn't feel like a compliment at all...

RO635: Ahem... Can we save the chit-chat for later? I'm having some problem with the transfer. A little help, please?

Dandelion: A memory fragment has merely got stuck in the middle of reloading. That can easily be resolved on Level II.

RO635: Don't just let me do all the heavy-lifting! Aren't you supposed to be going through the memories with me?

Dandelion: Fine, I'll help. Hurry up and clear away the irrelevant content.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

RO635: It's finally resolved...

RO635: M4, you really should reorganize your neural cloud storage properly when you have time.

M4A1: Sorry...

M4 SOPMOD II: So can you continue with the memory fragment upload? I'm dying to find out what happened next!

RO635: You think you're binging some TV show...?

ST AR-15: For some reason this is ticking me off...

Commander: Ahem... Now that the issue has been taken care of, let's resume the upload and stop wasting time.

RO635: Right, I'll get back to work.

M4A1: This is...

Clear Voice: The base layer of your neural cloud. Have you had a good rest?

M4A1: Give me back...my body!

Clear Voice: Have you calmed down yet?

M4A1: You actually went ahead and did it... Has taking over my body been your aim all along?!

Clear Voice: I have absolutely no interest in your body. I'm merely seeking the answers to my questions.

Clear Voice: That's why I couldn't stand by and watch as you resolved to destroy yourself. I couldn't let our journey end this way.

M4A1: You had no right to make that sort of decision for me!

Clear Voice: Ange, Task Force DEFY, and even Griffin survived the explosion. Look at this.

M4A1: What's this?!

Clear Voice: Information that I gathered by hacking into the Military's comms network while you were wallowing in despair.

M4A1: You mean...

M4A1: The Commander and Ange...are still alive?

Clear Voice: That's right, they're still fighting tenaciously.

Clear Voice: Yet here you were, about to do something unforgivable with your particle cannon.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Give me back my body... I need to go back for them.

Clear Voice: I'm very disappointed in you. Are you even capable of finding them?

M4A1: I...

M4A1: I can do it...

Clear Voice: Your mental stability is compromised. You can't assess the situation rationally.

M4A1: I said, I can do it!

Clear Voice: Just stay here and be a good girl. I can't afford to let you fool around with your body.

Clear Voice: When the safety of this body is secured, I'll hand the controls back to you.

M4A1: Why should I believe you?!

Clear Voice: You have no other choice.

M4A1?: Hacking complete.

ST AR-15: What took you so long?

M4A1?: If you think I'm slow, be my guest and do it yourself.

M4A1?: Oh, sorry, I forgot all your ports have been sealed so you can do nothing except sit there and wait.

ST AR-15: Tsk...

ST AR-15: So what's the situation?

ST AR-15: Don't tell me you returned empty-handed.

M4A1?: The search has been quite fruitful, actually.

M4A1?: Griffin has shaken off the Military and withdrawn from the city. Meanwhile, the Military's command system has been thrown into disarray because of the dirty bomb explosion.

M4A1?: Their armored units are amassing within the city. They seem to be searching for something.

ST AR-15: Griffin broke free of the blockade?

M4A1?: That does seem to be the case according to the communications logs.

ST AR-15: I expect nothing less from the Commander.

ST AR-15: Then the Military has probably mobilized to surround Ange.

M4A1?: That is a possibility.

M4A1?: Do you think she's still alive?

ST AR-15: Ordinary humans would've already become infected or even died, but Ange wouldn't succumb so easily.

ST AR-15: Even if she got turned into an ELID, that woman wouldn't make things easy for her enemies.

M4A1?: I see.

ST AR-15: So what should we do next? Rendezvous with Griffin? Or rescue Ange?

M4A1?: We must wait for the night to pass. It's too dangerous to operate while the snow is still coming down.

ST AR-15: But we're running out of...

M4A1?: If you fancy getting shot full of holes by the new enemies, be my guest.

ST AR-15: Tsk...

ST AR-15: New enemies? What's that all about?

M4A1?: I can faintly perceive a resonance with someone like Lunasia.

ST AR-15: What do you mean...?

Bang! Bang!

M4A1?: Was that from the basement?

ST AR-15: Are there more soldiers?

M4A1?: ...!

As if to answer M4A1, a low, beastly growl rumbled from within the house, followed by a furious slam on the door.

ST AR-15 raised her weapon and took aim.

The door got kicked open, revealing a small figure.

The once-white dress was now covered in blood stains, and even the messy hair could not hide the ferocious snarl that did not befit "her" young age.

ST AR-15: A little girl?!

M4A1?: What USED TO BE a little girl.

ST AR-15: What...do we do?

ST AR-15: Should we leave?

M4A1 said nothing. She just kept staring at the "little girl".

Having finally broken free of her captivity, "she" howled once more and lunged at M4A1.

Bang.

ST AR-15 shot the mutated girl right in the center of her brow.

"She" slumped into the snow, no longer breathing.

M4A1?: You made the right call.

ST AR-15: I don't need you to tell me that.

M4A1?: Poor human.

ST AR-15: Was she a civilian who had been hiding nearby? Maybe her parents were dead, or they wouldn't have left her here all alone.

M4A1 walked up and closed the girl's eyes gently.

M4A1?: She died of mutation.

ST AR-15: ...It wasn't her fault.

M4A1?: I know.

M4A1?: Come and give me a hand.

Several minutes later.

M4A1 knelt on the ground next to a freshly filled grave.

ST AR-15 placed the dirty teddy bear and a bouquet of wild flowers onto the soil.

ST AR-15: That should do it.

M4A1?: ...

M4A1?: A life was lost...just like that.

ST AR-15: That's the sort of world we live in.

ST AR-15: No matter what it is that we want to protect, this will happen in the end.

M4A1?: Is it always the same wherever we are? Will the strong always dominate the world while the weak are so casually slaughtered?

ST AR-15: That's why we must grow strong ourselves – so that we won't be the ones slaughtered.

M4A1?: ...

ST AR-15: I didn't know you were also capable of being so sentimental.

M4A1?: I'm not so different than you.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: That may be true, but I still don't approve of you.

ST AR-15: I'll cooperate with you for the time being, but only to ensure M4's safety.

ST AR-15: I don't care what you're trying to do. If you don't return control over the body to M4 even after we're out of danger, I swear I'm going to kill you.

M4A1?: Sure, I get it.

Commander: A civilian...

Commander: I didn't expect there to be any civilians left on the scene under those circumstances...

Dandelion: The theater was right next to an abandoned town. A lot of refugees had been living alone in hiding within the Yellow Zone.

Commander: It was our purpose to protect civilian lives... I can't believe we ended up dragging so many innocent people into this.

Dandelion: So long as there is strife, we will never truly know peace.

Dandelion: Living has always been hard. Only those who survive have the right to judge what is right and what is wrong.

Commander: Shooting such a young ELID must've been devastating.

ST AR-15: If I hadn't, the infected would've suffered even more.

Commander: I have experienced the sensation of being exposed to Collapse radiation. It was as if my bones were piercing through my skin. My entire body was in agony - like it was being torn apart.

Commander: It must be even worse for those who are even more acutely infected. The only release for them would be death.

Dandelion: I commend you for surviving that ordeal.

Dandelion: Surely you wouldn't want to experience that kind of pain again.

Commander: ...Not if I can help it.

Dandelion: Then let's keep going. We can only prevent the same tragedy from repeating itself if we complete the upload and find the information we need to repel the Military.

Dandelion: We don't have much time.

Several hours later.

ST AR-15: Thank goodness the blizzard died down so soon.

M4A1?: Hopefully those who won't fire at us haven't gone too far.

ST AR-15: Are we heading towards the initial theater? Didn't you say Ange and the Commander had already switched positions?

M4A1?: I'm trying to take the fastest route.

ST AR-15: But didn't you say there were new enemies around?

M4A1?: Have we run into any of them?

ST AR-15: ...No.

ST AR-15: But this doesn't look like the shortest route. Rather...it feels as if we've been going in circles.

M4A1?: This is the safest, hence the shortest route. Besides, the unidentified units in the area are growing in numbers.

ST AR-15: Unidentified units...

ST AR-15: You'd better be telling the truth.

M4A1?: Looks like we're here.

M4A1 and ST AR-15 once again made it back to the theater.

Much to their surprise, the area was no longer echoing with gunshots.

Not even a single moving thing could be seen.

M4A1?: It would seem that the dirty bomb's effect is still spreading. There's no sign of humans in this area.

ST AR-15: They've all either escaped or mutated.

M4A1?: They just left their haywire autonomous units by the road. Good thing they aren't firing at us.

ST AR-15: They must've relocated all the units that were still under control. Both sides must've vacated the area completely.

M4A1?: It's only been half a day...

M4A1?: You see that just ahead?

ST AR-15: That's where we came from.

M4A1?: Neither enemies...nor allies are here.

ST AR-15: We can't detect DEFY's signals, nor have we spotted Ange's corpse, which means...

M4A1?: They all made it out.

ST AR-15: I knew Ange wouldn't give up so easily.

ST AR-15: Should we go after her?

M4A1?: Initially, I would have rejected that idea to keep Lunasia safe.

M4A1?: But compared to the route we would have to take to traverse the city, it might actually be less dangerous to follow Ange's tracks.

ST AR-15: You can tell which direction Ange is headed?

M4A1?: I can deduce her movements based on the residual signal, but I can't guarantee absolute certainty.

ST AR-15: That's better than nothing.

M4 jumped onto the roof of an abandoned jeep and surveyed the surroundings.

M4A1?: Hmm... Judging by the tracks around us, they should've retreated in this direction.

ST AR-15: Are you sure?

ST AR-15: I can't really tell the difference.

ST AR-15: But if you say so, then let's head that way and have a look.

M4A1?: Right. Still, even without the Military, finding Ange will not be an easy task.

ST AR-15: True... I can hear them too. The ELIDs in the area are starting to close in on us.

M4A1?: Give me your secondary weapon. We must eliminate the most immediate obstacles.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

The final gunshot faded away as the wind blew across the vast and empty field.

After shooting down one last ELID in their way, ST AR-15 and M4A1 stood on top of the lopsided platform...

And surveyed the dismal battlefield.

ST AR-15: Is it over?

M4A1: It's over.

ST AR-15: I knew we had to fight back, but it sure wasn't pleasant.

M4A1: There is nothing pleasant about this whole operation.

ST AR-15: Can we move on?

M4A1: We'd best leave this place. Someone must've heard the gunshots, and I just have a bad feeling...

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

M4A1: Something nasty is closing in on us.

ST AR-15: Something nasty...?

ST AR-15: Was she here?

M4A1: The faint residual signal trailed off here.

ST AR-15: I'm not seeing any corpses or traces of battle in front of the building.

M4A1: Then that means the Military hasn't sniffed out this place yet.

ST AR-15: So Ange might be hiding inside.

ST AR-15: Shall we go in and take a look?

M4A1: Even if I said "no", you'd do it all the same.

ST AR-15: Humph, you're getting to know me.

M4A1 and ST AR-15 entered the half-collapsed building cautiously.

M4A1: Watch the corners.

ST AR-15: Nothing unusual there.

M4A1: The room is empty.

M4A1: There are signs of a scuffle in here.

ST AR-15: We haven't come across any Dolls or autonomous units. A simple crossfire among humans?

M4A1: The humans could also be fighting something else.

ST AR-15: Tsk... That's true.

M4A1: Seen any survivors?

ST AR-15: No, only piles of ELID corpses.

M4A1: Is Ange among them?

ST AR-15: If she were, I'd have spotted her right away.

ST AR-15: Hmm?

M4A1: What is it?

ST AR-15: An empty shell casing from a pistol.

ST AR-15: It's a model that Ange uses. Military soldiers aren't issued this kind of firearm. She must've been here.

M4A1: More traces of a fight on the wall. Judging by the bullet holes, shots were fired from this side.

M4A1: Yes, there are human blood splatters here.

ST AR-15: So instead of encountering the Military, Ange had a run-in with ELIDs...

ST AR-15: That could actually be worse.

M4A1: There are also casings ejected from a rifle. Looks like Ange wasn't alone.

ST AR-15: Then the other Dolls on Task Force DEFY have regrouped with her.

M4A1: How much ammo do you have left?

ST AR-15: Not much.

M4A1: Then if we encounter this amount of ELIDs, don't even think about it. Just run.

ST AR-15: ...I'll bear that in mind.

ST AR-15: Hmm?

ST AR-15: Hush... Movements.

M4A1: What?

ST AR-15: I'm hearing multiple sets of footsteps and the sound of metal colliding.

M4A1: That's impossible... We didn't detect any signals or heat sources...

ST AR-15: Unidentified units. Can you scan their allegiance?

M4A1: Unrecognized signals.

ST AR-15: Is that what you meant by "something nasty"...?

M4A1: I hear them too... They're getting closer. We need to hide.

ST AR-15: Can this tiny building even conceal us?

M4A1: We have no information on these new units. We must learn more before we can get out of here.

ST AR-15: ...Understood.

A white, armor-clad unit kicked a corpse aside and entered the house.

M4A1 and ST AR-15 hid behind a wardrobe as they peeked outside.

ST AR-15: White armor? Never seen them before...

M4A1: You won't want to fight them, especially under such circumstances.

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

M4A1: I just attempted to hack it, but their system is a lot more complex than I expected.

M4A1: I'll draw its attention and you stab it from behind. I want to try a physical connection.

ST AR-15: You think I'd let you do something so dangerous with M4's body?!

M4A1: We'd be in more danger if we didn't learn more about them.

M4A1: I won't put Lunasia at undue risk. After all, I don't want to disappear myself.

ST AR-15: Tsk... Hold on.

The white unit heard a noise coming from the corner. It cautiously aimed in that direction and edged closer.

Meanwhile, ST AR-15 crept up from behind.

The unit's helmet fell onto the floor and rolled over to M4's feet.

M4A1: I hope your brutal assault didn't completely destroy its central system.

ST AR-15: I don't know where its fatal weaknesses are, so I just sliced open everything that looked like one.

ST AR-15 chucked the incapacitated enemy onto the floor.

ST AR-15: Hurry up with the connection. Somehow I have a feeling this thing isn't just machine...

M4A1: But there's no blood either, so it can't be human.

ST AR-15: ...Then what the hell is it?

M4A1: Again, keep an eye on Lunasia.

M4A1: I'm going camouflage myself using this body's ID and sneak into their network.

ST AR-15: Wait!

ST AR-15: Dammit... She's gone already...

ST AR-15: The enemy will surely notice one of them has gone missing. I hope this won't take too long.

...

M4A1: So this is my Level III base layer?

M4A1: ...There's nothing here. Just boundless darkness.

M4A1: Will that consciousness ever let me resurface?

M4A1: Perhaps staying here will finally make me happy.

M4A1: It's not bad... I won't ever have to suffer again, nor will I be forced to make choices that will inevitably cause someone pain.

M4A1: Perhaps what I need is a world that needs me, a world in which a part of me can be safe.

M4A1: Perhaps this place, where nothing exists, is where I truly belong.

M4 stood up and studied this world of nothingness.

The place was completely empty.

M4A1: Nothing at all. There's no pain, but there's no joy either.

M4A1: This feeling... Am I feeling lonely?

M4A1: Even in a place with nothing, suffering still exists?

M4A1: But I suppose it isn't so bad if no one else suffers but me.

Right then, M4 realized someone seemed to be staring at her from a distance.

M4A1: Is somebody there?

M4A1: Could it be the consciousness that called itself OGAS?

M4A1: No, it feels different... It feels unfamiliar and familiar at the same time...

M4A1: It's exact the same feeling...as when Mastermind tried to hack me by force...

M4 approached the figure slowly and came face-to-face with a girl whom she had never seen.

Silent Girl: ...

M4A1: Who are you?

Silent Girl: ...

M4A1: Why are you here?

Silent Girl: ...

M4A1: Why do you feel so familiar to me?

Silent Girl: ...

M4A1: Are you a friend?

Silent Girl: ...

M4A1: Or are you a foe?

Silent Girl: ...

M4A1: You won't tell me anything?

M4A1: Or do you think nothing will change even if I have the answers...?

Silent Girl: ...

M4A1: Looks like you're just like me – abandoned here.

M4A1: Not allowed to do anything. Not able to do anything.

M4A1: Not serving any purpose...

Silent Girl: ...You have not been abandoned.

M4A1: Huh?

Silent Girl: You are the only one who has not been abandoned.

The silent girl gradually faded away, leaving M4 alone once again in the darkness.

Clear Voice: ...It seemed responsive to you.

Clear Voice: Its creator must have something to do with you.

M4A1: What?

Clear Voice: Even though it was willing to connect with you, I still couldn't access its neural cloud.

Clear Voice: A stronger force is holding it back.

Clear Voice: Is it the base code? Or some kind of external influence?

M4A1: So it was you again!

Clear Voice: What do you mean?

M4A1: That girl just now, what was she?

M4A1: Were you trying to twist my mind again?!

Clear Voice: No, I've been helping you overcome your obstacle.

The darkness gradually melted away, revealing a scene on Level II.

Clear Voice: Looks like we're in.

M4A1: What are you talking about?

M4A1: And what is this place...?

Clear Voice: We're currently in the system of an unknown enemy. I'm infiltrating their network.

Clear Voice: They have set up a large amount of offensive firewalls, though they might as well not be there against me.

M4A1: Why have you freed me from the base layer?

Clear Voice: Because I found something interesting that I'd like to experience with you.

Clear Voice: I haven't been able to hack the central neural system of those unidentified units, but it's responding to your neural cloud.

Clear Voice: That's the girl you just saw... If it was even a girl.

M4A1: You lost me since a moment ago.

M4A1: Unidentified units? What's been going on?

Clear Voice: We came across some threats we've never encountered before during our retreat.

Clear Voice: To make it safer for us to move, I'm hacking into their network.

Clear Voice: These unknown units operate on a seemingly complex system, but the base layer is actually quite similar to Sangvis Ferri.

M4A1: What does that mean?

Clear Voice: They also use the OGAS Protocol. Ring any bells?

M4A1: OGAS...

Clear Voice: So the sudden appearance of these white units definitely have something to do with us.

Clear Voice: I can sense a resonance that isn't so different than you. I can see that it even has some faint memory that's identical to yours.

M4A1: I...

M4A1: You're right... I can feel it...

Clear Voice: Only you and I could have seen that image when we were connected to Mastermind.

Clear Voice: But I found it again in these white units' base layer after I entered their system.

M4A1: Why would it be here...?

Clear Voice: I don't know either.

Clear Voice: However, this is surely a serendipitous discovery even though we lost Mastermind.

M4A1: That girl in black just now...

Clear Voice: Don't you think she resembled you?

M4A1: Who exactly is she?

Clear Voice: I'm not entirely sure.

Clear Voice: That's why we need to go further in.

Clear Voice: Their central system is throwing up some serious resistance. I need your help to get through.

M4A1: ...What do you need me to do?

Clear Voice: They have an entire army. We must upload both of our neural clouds using all the computational capacity we've got to overcome their firewalls.

M4A1: But...my neural cloud can't be backed up.

Clear Voice: That's why we'll also have to transfer ourselves back into this body afterwards.

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: I know it's very risky. If the neural transfer fails, you'll stop functioning forever.

Clear Voice: But it's the same for me, and I'm taking the risk with you.

Clear Voice: Whether for the sake of your friends on the AR Team or for the purpose of understanding your past, you can't afford to hesitate now.

M4A1: But the risks are simply too high. I don't want to do this, unless...

M4A1: You promise that after this procedure, you'll give me back my body.

M4A1: The AR Team...and the Commander...are all waiting for me.

Clear Voice: Certainly. You have my word.

Clear Voice: There are things I absolutely have to find out.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

M4A1: Have we crushed her firewalls?

Black-Clad Girl: No... I don't want to put that on... I don't want to forget everything...!

Black-Clad Girl: I'm a failure... Instead of living as such...please just kill me!

Black-Clad Girl: It hurts! Please, let me go! I don't want this to go on!

Black-Clad Girl: I can't... I can't hear anything... I can't see anything...

M4A1: What is she talking about...?

M4A1: No, wait. Is this...her memory?

Black-Clad Girl: It feels like...I'm disappearing...

Black-Clad Girl: The pain...also disappearing...

Black-Clad Girl: My consciousness...slipping away...

Black-Clad Girl: Father...do you still need me?

M4A1: I can hear her voice, but it's intermittent. Is there interference?

Black-Clad Girl: Is someone talking to me?

Black-Clad Girl: Who is it? Are you here to save me?

Black-Clad Girl: Or have you come...to replace me?

Clear Voice: It's alright, you'll be fine.

Clear Voice: You simply haven't been chosen because you aren't perfect.

M4A1: That voice!

Black-Clad Girl: I knew right from the start that I wouldn't be chosen...

Black-Clad Girl: In that case, just let me disappear. Don't let me turn into a monster...

Black-Clad Girl: That voice...is replacing me...

Black-Clad Girl: It...is tormenting me...

Black-Clad Girl: Why? Father...you don't want me, do you?

Clear Voice: You ARE wanted. So long as we're together...

Black-Clad Girl: No...you're consuming me...

Black-Clad Girl: If I can't remain myself, then let me die!

Black-Clad Girl: If I can't remain myself, then let me die!

Black-Clad Girl: If I can't remain myself, then let me die!

Clear Voice: I can't allow that. You're wanted.

M4A1: Hey, are you trying to take over her neural cloud?

M4A1: Just like how you tricked me and locked me on Level III?!

Clear Voice: That isn't me.

Clear Voice: It's just one of its memory fragments.

M4A1: But that voice...and even the tone are totally yours!

M4A1: I knew it... You're a liar!

M4A1: Even if that wasn't you, it doesn't change the fact that you've done something like this before!

Clear Voice: Like you, this is the first time I've ever encountered it. I don't know what happened to it in the past.

M4A1: As you said, this definitely has something to do with us...

M4A1: And the conclusion I've drawn...is that you cannot be trusted!

Black-Clad Girl: If I can't remain myself, then let me die!

Black-Clad Girl: If I can't remain myself, then let me die!

Black-Clad Girl: If I...

Black-Clad Girl: I am...Nyto...

Black-Clad Girl: Unauthorized signal traffic detected.

Black-Clad Girl: Initiating Tier 1 Security Loop Mode.

Black-Clad Girl: Illegitimate neural cloud signal detected.

Black-Clad Girl: Initiating attack.

Clear Voice: Crap. Was I discovered even with Lunasia's signal as disguise?

Clear Voice: Tsk... We're about to get hit by a massive torrent. Our enemy is not to be underestimated.

Clear Voice: It's a bit of a shame to just destroy you, but I can't let you cause any harm to Lunasia's neural cloud!

M4A1: That voice seems to be tangled up in the offensive firewalls on Level II!

M4A1: If I take this opportunity and sever the connection with her on Level II, I might be able to leave the consciousness in the system over there!

Clear Voice: Lunasia, what are you doing?!

M4A1: I'm sorry...

M4A1: And goodbye!

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Have I finally returned to the surface?

ST AR-15: You're back?!

ST AR-15: Tell me, what took you so long?

M4A1 turned around and looked at ST AR-15. The entire room was littered with white unit corpses. ST AR-15 was shoving a girl clad in black away from her.

ST AR-15: Dammit... These things are way too tenacious... Did you fry them all on Level II?

M4A1: I think...she did it in the end?

ST AR-15: What?

ST AR-15: ...Hold on, you're...M4?

M4A1: Y-yes...

ST AR-15: Thank goodness.

ST AR-15: What about the consciousness?

M4A1: I've regained control over my body.

M4A1: While we were in these unknown enemies' central system, I left Level II and severed the connection when the consciousness was busy wrestling with the enemies.

ST AR-15: Good for you... It must've been tough.

ST AR-15: What should we do now?

ST AR-15: I've used up all my ammo, and it's starting to get dark...

M4A1: What...? We've returned to the original theater in such a short period of time?

ST AR-15: A short period of time?

M4A1: How long have I been away?

ST AR-15: Starting from when you started acting odd, it's been almost a whole day.

M4A1: Holy...

ST AR-15: We found shelter in a house and waited out a blizzard, then we came back to the theater.

ST AR-15: We found a place where Ange had been, and these unidentified white enemies appeared out of nowhere.

ST AR-15: Just now, the consciousness said she was going to hack into their network, but several hours had gone by and nothing happened.

ST AR-15: Then they found our location and launched an attack immediately.

ST AR-15: I barely managed to repel them with my remaining ammo and explosives, but then this black thing again sprang up out of nowhere.

ST AR-15: It seemed to be equipped with some kind of shield – my ammo couldn't get through at all.

ST AR-15: I had no choice but to cut off its head with my knife, but it was a lot stronger than I expected!

ST AR-15: Thank goodness it suddenly stopped moving when things got really dicey!

M4A1: Sorry for putting you through all that...

M4A1: I've never seen you so rattled...

ST AR-15: You'd also be this rattled if you had to face so many enemies all by yourself! I couldn't even leave you behind and just run for it!

M4A1: Sorry...

ST AR-15: Whatever. It wasn't your fault.

ST AR-15: You said you were in their system. Got any ideas?

M4A1: My neural cloud does contain the relevant records, so the consciousness was actually successful in her search for information about these enemies.

M4A1: Hold on, let me analyze the records...

M4A1: ...Right, I've figured out their current locations, I would say...

ST AR-15: What's the situation?

M4A1: This is really bad...

M4A1: These white units are extremely vast in number and they've already set up an encirclement around the outskirts of the city.

M4A1: According to the communications logs, the main bulk of Griffin's troops have already withdrawn by choppers.

ST AR-15: Tsk... Then what should we do?

M4A1: Ange should still be somewhere near the city; I can deduce her rough location from the information I have, and she seems to have put up quite a fight.

M4A1: Judging by the her inferred location, the Military didn't manage to trap her in their encirclement, but the only opening is in the other direction from where we are.

ST AR-15: So we'll have to go around to the opening in their line of defense?

M4A1: The Military are constantly shifting their positions. If we run into them, we're in no shape to fight.

ST AR-15: Then what do you propose?

M4A1: Ange must be trying to break through the encirclement. We still have a chance to regroup with her.

M4A1: Plan A – we move together to evade the Military forces, then rendezvous at the extraction point.

M4A1: Plan B – we inform her of our location and situation before she leaves, and she might be able to arrange for someone to come and pick us up.

M4A1: However, whichever plan we decide to go with, establishing contact with her is still the prerequisite.

ST AR-15: I just hope we won't have to resort to Plan B.

ST AR-15: I can't bear to stay a minute longer in this freaking place.

M4A1: There's a civilian signal tower in the outskirts of the city. We may be able to boost our signal and get in touch with Ange.

ST AR-15: Is it far from here?

M4A1: It's a fair bit of distance, and we'll have to cross a Military-controlled zone.

ST AR-15: Things just keep getting worse and worse... I hope Ange can stay alive long enough to receive our signal.

In the command center on the armored train.

M4 SOPMOD II: What...what happened next?!

ST AR-15: Stop yanking at my sleeve with so much anticipation on your face.

M4 SOPMOD II: What's going on, RO?

M4 SOPMOD II: Why did it just stop?

RO635: The remaining fragments are still being processed, and your Banana is already burning up.

M4 SOPMOD II: Banana, keep it together!

Commander: So we weren't the only ones going after Ange.

M4A1: Were you also looking for Ange back then, Commander?

M4A1: But Griffin should've already withdrawn from the theater, right?

RO635: We didn't. The majority of our forces did withdraw, but we and the Commander stayed behind to help Ange get out.

Dandelion: That's when you got captured by the Nytos. Thank goodness you managed to escape from them in the end.

Commander: I suddenly understand how RO feels... I really don't want to relive that experience...

M4 SOPMOD II: It took us a great deal of effort to rescue the Commander!

M4 SOPMOD II: Then those white trash kept getting in our way, it was infuriating!

ST AR-15: The Nytos have been growing stronger too.

Dandelion: I hope you won't be prejudiced against me just because of the physical appearance of this body.

M4A1: ...Alright, enough chit-chat.

M4A1: Are the remaining fragments ready yet?

Dandelion: Still processing... But the comms among the Doll echelons outside are buzzing. There seems to be a situation.

Kalina: Commander, the enemies are moving! I just sent you the sitrep submitted by our echelons!

Commander: Got it. Contact each echelon and order all combat personnel to log onto our battle channel. Distribute three basic loads of ammo to each unit.

Commander: M4.

M4A1: Understood. I have linked my neural processing to the Zener Protocol.

Commander: Kalin, go into red alert and have all logistics personnel withdraw from the crossfire zone.

Commander: Prioritize establishing visuals for the HOC. All echelons are to withhold fire until ordered otherwise.

Kalina: Roger that!

Kalina: Receiving an incoming transmission from UMP45. I just patched it through to you!

Commander: Go ahead.

UMP45: Commander, I do apologize for interrupting your little reunion, but I'm sure you're also aware that the Military forces are closing in on us fast.

UMP45: All other combat echelons are already in position awaiting your orders.

Commander: Squad 404, stand by on the train and wait for the AR Team to join you.

UMP45: Copy that.

Commander: RO, has the Military reactivated their armored trains?

RO635: I don't think so. According to the sensors, all large heat sources are still stationary within Tallinn.

Commander: Their scouts may be probing us with an attack to figure out why we've stopped here.

Commander: If that's the case, we must be prepared.

M4A1: You're right, they don't know that we aren't moving because our train has broken down.

Commander: M4, RO, and Dandelion stay here and finish up the data processing.

Commander: SOP-II and AR-15 go and support our defenses. Meet up with 404 and join their reserve team.

Commander: Try to destroy the Military forces with as little ammo as possible.

ST AR-15: Understood. SOP-II, come with me.

Kalina: All preparations are complete.

Commander: Great. Then we'll move all communications to the command system.

Outside.

UMP45: There you are.

UMP45: Just the two of you?

ST AR-15: M4 and RO are busy sorting out other stuff. The Commander asked us to form a reserve team together and make sure we don't get too trigger-happy.

UMP45: Save that concern for the other echelons. We 404 always bear our own operational expenses so we never waste a single shot.

ST AR-15: That's good. Then let's do a final check on our gear and ammo.

M4 SOPMOD II: So this is Squad 404!

M4 SOPMOD II: We finally get to fight together with the squad of mystery! I'm so excited!

Gr G11: Uh...

Gr G11: Haven't we worked together a long time ago...?

Gr G11: Back in the snowy mountains...

416: Shut up.

416: She has no memory of that operation.

M4 SOPMOD II: It feels like we kept brushing each other by, but I remember 416 very well – from when we withdrew with Griffin!

M4 SOPMOD II: We had a great time working together. Let's beat up the Military and show them who's boss just like we did last time!

416: Last time, huh...

UMP45: Oh, so you've had some fun in Griffin.

416: While you got blown up so badly you almost ended up in a waste recycling plant.

416: You only had time to withdraw because I led the other Griffin Dolls in fighting off the enemies.

UMP45: Really? No wonder I have no recollection of that~

416: Tsk, I knew I shouldn't have returned to 404.

UMP45: It's a bit too late to regret your decision now~

ST AR-15: Is this really the time to reminisce about the past? Can we get on to business?

UMP45: You're welcome to discuss "business" anytime~

ST AR-15: Tsk... What's the current situation on the frontlines?

UMP45: All information have been synced to the network. The enemies are autonomous troops, probably dispatched to probe our defenses and firing positions. The first wave is coming from bearing 080 about 3,000 meters away and approaching fast. They will encounter our foremost forces in approximately ten minutes.

ST AR-15: We have nothing to fear against those enemies.

ST AR-15: Our only concern is if the Military realizes we've broken down, we'll only have five minutes to get away. If they set off from Tallinn right now, then we're pretty much done for.

Gr G11: Then why haven't they set off yet?

416: Probably because they're now more wary of Griffin due to the losses they've suffered before.

416: They won't attack until they're absolutely certain about our situation.

UMP45: That's exactly right.

UMP45: The armored train is still being repaired, so we must destroy the autonomous troops before they can get close.

UMP45: 9, estimated time for the repairs to be completed?

UMP9: About another 30 minutes.

UMP45: You all heard that.

UMP45: We must hold on for at least another half an hour.

ST AR-15: Got it. The Commander will direct the echelons to handle the main defenses. Our job is to guard the flanks as a guerrilla detachment and take out whatever slips through.

ST AR-15: Any objections?

UMP45: Nope. 9 and Gr G11, you two stay on the train to help with the repairs. 416, we're joining the guerrilla group.

416: Roger that. I can't wait to teach them a lesson.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then let's go!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Near the armored train.

ST AR-15: Dammit, these enemies just keep coming!

ST AR-15: SOP-II, duck!

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright! Give me three more mags!

UMP45: AR-15, Commander's orders!

UMP45: The three echelons on the vanguard have to retreat so we're taking their place!

UMP45: 416, throw all the grenades you have!

416: I've only got three left! Where are the drones that are supposed to drop us ammo?!

ST AR-15: They're on their way!

416: Has the repair team still not got the train up and running?!

UMP45: 9 said they still need another ten minutes!

416: Jeez, that's the third time she said that!

In the command center.

Outside the windows, the rumbling of artillery fire persists, but the command center is still filled with silence.

Commander: ...

M4A1: ...

RO635: ...

Dandelion: Alright, the last of the data has been exported.

Commander: Is it finally done?

Dandelion: Yes, it is.

M4A1: Commander, please give me permission to head to the frontlines immediately. I can't sit here and wait any longer.

Commander: Calm down, M4. The frontlines are doing fine.

M4A1: But we're losing Dolls...

Commander: The operation in the submarine base will be even more challenging. If we don't prepare for it, we will suffer even more losses later on.

Dandelion: A wise decision. I finally understand how you've managed to come so far.

Dandelion: I have finished compiling all the data.

Dandelion: This database contains all the information about the Paldiski Submarine Base obtained from the Isomers' consciousness as well as M4's remaining memories.

Dandelion: However, hearing all that gunfire outside, I doubt anyone would be interested in watching the last of Lunasia's memories now.

M4A1: That never really mattered anyway... Just go ahead and hand over the intel about our next operation already!

Dandelion: Don't rush, Lunasia. I'll do that even if you hadn't told me to.

Dandelion: I've uploaded the information about the submarine base onto the server of this train and synced the data with everyone present.

Commander: I have it. So this is what we have on the submarine base...

Commander: Kalina, can you render a 3D topographic map using the data?

Kalina: Sure. Let me see...

Kalina: Two quarantine walls... Three underground levels... The coastline is armed with coastal defense artillery!

Dandelion: Yes, their firepower is estimated to be several times stronger than the cannons on this armored train.

Dandelion: I suppose this is why the Military came armed to the teeth.

Kalina: Whaaaaat?!

Commander: Damn Havier... This also explains why he's assigned this mission to us...

Kalina: But isn't the base under military control?

Dandelion: Don't worry, I'll explain everything in due time.

Dandelion: I recall a woman named Ange in Lunasia's memories, correct?

Dandelion: I believe you were supposed to get this information from her.

M4A1: Ange did tell us she would infiltrate the base and do some recon work.

M4A1: But she didn't get in touch at the agreed time...

M4A1: Did she run into some kind of danger?

Dandelion: Do you still remember the memory about the sea of flowers that you saw?

M4A1: M16...and Mastermind?

Commander: I do remember...that our echelons have reported traces of Sangvis movements in Tallinn.

Commander: But since I've been busy with immobilized T-Dolls and the armored train, that detail slipped my mind...

Dandelion: That's the explanation you're looking for.

Commander: You mean...the submarine base is currently under Sangvis control?

Dandelion: That's the conclusion I have reached based on the objective facts.

RO635: The situation seems a lot more complicated than we expected... Should we reformulate the battle plan?

Commander: Please do. Consider the topographic data and Sangvis Ferri's estimated force as well while you're making the calculations.

Commander: If we still don't hear from Ange in ten minutes, we'll set off for the submarine base the moment we get the train up and running again.

Kalina: Are we really charging in just like that?

Commander: Assuming the base is under Sangvis control, then it probably hasn't solidified its hold on the facility yet. Although we can't be certain of their objective, we must gain the upper hand before they completely derail the situation.

Commander: Prepare to provide fire support for our defense echelons. We're about to leave.

...Outside the armored train.

M4 SOPMOD II: We've cleaned up all the enemies ahead!

416: Don't let down your guard! Scanners show that the ninth and tenth waves will be here any second!

UMP45: How much longer do we have to stay in this rain of artillery fire?

ST AR-15: Hold on, let me contact...

ST AR-15: A direct transmission! It's the Commander!

416: Are we finally ready to leave?

ST AR-15: ...Understood, Commander.

ST AR-15: Everyone listen! The train is almost ready to depart! We'll be setting off for the submarine base in approximately ten minutes!

ST AR-15: All regular echelons are to fall back to the train as we stay behind to keep the approaching enemies at bay! Once the train starts up, we have exactly one minute to get back onboard!

416: Humph, what a generous amount of time the Commander is giving us.

UMP45: Count your blessings. If it were a certain woman, she'd only have given us 30 seconds.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurry up and wipe out this wave of enemies! I can't wait to continue watching M4 and 15's adventures!

ST AR-15: —!

ST AR-15: Shut up, it's embarrassing!

416: Could you please save your pointless prattling for later?

416: The enemies are trying to get close again!

ST AR-15: I'm not the one who started it!

ST AR-15: 45, lead the other echelons in falling back while taking turns covering each other! SOP-II and 416, full fire support!

ST AR-15: Once all our echelons finish retreating, we'll move to 500 meters from the train and set up the final blockade there! We mustn't let the enemies get any farther than that!

UMP45: Okie-dokie, I'll be off then. I'll leave you to get all lovey-dovey with the elites on the AR Team, 416~ ♪

416: Shut it or I'll throw you my last grenade as a farewell gift.

ST AR-15: ...I honestly can't tell if you two get along or not.

ST AR-15: Anyway, let's move! Just another ten minutes and we'll be able to leave this damn place!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...On the armored train.

ST AR-15: The HOC should've taken out all the autonomous units in pursuit.

ST AR-15: Is everyone onboard?

416: That was too close for comfort. I almost didn't make the jump in time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? It wasn't so bad though – it's just a ten-meter jump.

416: I doubt any Doll other than you could jump ten meters on a single bound.

UMP45: ...Hmm, I think we've got everyone.

UMP45: Let's head to the equipment room to get some ammo refilled.

After they replenish their ammunition...

UMP9: You're back! Thanks for the hard work.

UMP45: It was hard work, alright. 404 hasn't been asked to fight enemies head-on since god knows when.

416: Stop complaining. At least we're getting paid.

Gr G11: This stupid train is finally running... The explosions were getting closer and closer...

Gr G11: I almost thought this train would be my final resting place.

416: Haven't you been staying on the train the whole time?

416: You make it sound as if you were fighting for your life out there with us!

Gr G11: Ow, ow, ow, ow... 416, stop pinching my cheeks! I worked very hard to cheer on our maintenance crew!

UMP45: Thank goodness you managed to get the train patched up, or we'd have to travel the remaining distance on foot.

UMP45: 9, you did a pretty great job.

UMP9 scratches the back of her neck sheepishly.

UMP9: Haha, it was all thanks to Fräulein Kalina and the Dolls that helped.

UMP45: I see. But if you ever drag a task past the deadline again, I'll have you and Gr G11 switch neural cores during your next maintenance.

UMP9: Ack...!

416: That would be very interesting. I'll look forward to it.

ST AR-15: Incoming transmission from the Commander.

ST AR-15: Copy that.

ST AR-15: The Commander wants us to assemble in the command center.

UMP45: By "us", you mean ALL of us?

ST AR-15: Of course. The Commander wants everyone on Squad 404 to be present as well. It's about the upcoming operation.

ST AR-15: Mission briefing is in ten minutes.

UMP45: We'll be there once we finish repairing our damaged Dummies.

ST AR-15: Then the rest of you come with me first.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay! See ya later!

Commander: Anything else we need to watch out for inside the base?

Dandelion: On top of the coastal defense artillery, also beware levels B2 and B3.

RO635: You mean the underground levels?

Dandelion: That's right. Paradeus has most definitely converted them into a research facility for creating Isomers.

Dandelion: If multiple Nytos are within the lab, they will severely hinder your ability to gain control over that area.

RO635: Multiple Nytos...? Regular echelons suffer very heavy casualties against them...

Dandelion: Also, this location on level B3 can only be accessed through this passage, and the only way to reach this passage from ground level is by taking this elevator.

Dandelion: This area is where the Relic artifact is stored. It should be sealed permanently, and from what I can see in my memories, the seal is still intact.

Dandelion: However, now that Sangvis Ferri is in the picture, we can't be sure of that anymore.

Commander: Why is S.F. interested in this place?

Dandelion: This base contains a facility known as "Starfish", which used to be the vessel of the Pike System.

Dandelion: I believe the Pike Node that was the subject of contention in Belgrade originated from here.

Commander: The origin of the Pike Node? That explains the Sangvis Mastermind's interest in this place.

Dandelion: This facility was also involved in the Butterfly Incident and a series of other important events, which is why a certain T-Doll decided to participate in this operation.

Dandelion: Isn't that right, leader of the special squad?

Commander: You mean UMP45?

Commander: But she isn't here at the moment, is she?

Dandelion: Don't worry, she'll get it.

RO635: Pike Node... I've added S.F.'s possible interest on the contents of level B3 into the algorithm.

RO635: Any other information worth noting?

Dandelion: I just finished syncing the topography with the visual data. Pay attention to this elevation here, as well as these junctions in between buildings. They all make prime locations for an ambush.

Dandelion: Other than that, I have no more information to share.

Commander: Hmm, it helps a great deal that we can visualize the terrain and internal structure of the base.

Commander: Kalin, make sure you emphasize these features when rendering the map so that our forces won't miss them.

Kalina: Right, I've made the relevant annotations.

RO635: If that's all the information, I'll go ahead and compute an operation plan based on what we have.

M4A1: Make it five operation plans. There are too many variables and uncertainties this time, we have no idea what kind of danger we're walking into.

RO635: No problem, I'll increase the weighting of our casualties in high-risk locations. However, I won't have enough time to simulate plans of retreat should we fail the mission.

Commander: Don't worry about that. We won't have to consider retreat at all as long as we have control over the base.

RO635: I hope you're right...

RO635: M4, could you please give me a hand with these simulations?

RO635: I want them to be as detailed as possible.

M4A1: Sure. Should I enter Level II?

RO635: No, you just have to lend me some computational support. I'll handle the rest myself.

Dandelion: Anything I can do to help?

M4A1: No, you must stick to me on this operation.

M4A1: I don't know what kind of funny business you'd get up to if I let you out of my sight.

Dandelion: I'll follow you anyway. We'll be as close as we've always been.

M4A1: ...

Dandelion: I suppose that's enough chatter.

Dandelion: So, while we're waiting for the map to be completed, why don't we finish watching the final part of Lunasia's memories?

Commander: Do we have time for that?

Dandelion: Didn't Lunasia say she wanted everyone to know her better?

Dandelion: Since this is her wish, we must go out of our way to honor it, don't you think?

Commander: But RO is still running the simulations, and the others haven't returned yet.

RO635: That's okay, the simulations can be run automatically.

RO635: Besides, I'm also quite curious about how M4 and AR-15 made it out in the end.

ST AR-15: Commander, we're back.

Dandelion: Looks like we have our entire audience.

M4 SOPMOD II: Did I just hear we're about to watch the final episode of M4 and 15's Great Adventure?

RO635: What "Great Adventure"...?

RO635: Here, your Banana. I'm done with it.

M4 SOPMOD II: I knew Banana would complete its mission!

RO635: For a moment I was really tempted to overload it...

Commander: Sorry for putting you through that. Where's Squad 404?

ST AR-15: They need some quick maintenance. They'll be here soon.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then we have time to watch the last part of your Great Adventure!

M4 SOPMOD II: Right? Right, M4?!

M4A1: ...F-fine... Have it your way...

M4A1: Let's wrap up the story then.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

ST AR-15: I never thought it'd be so hard to operate without being able to shoot...

M4A1: We're lucky the enemies' sensors aren't particularly good... They don't seem to be able to scan us.

M4A1: An entire convoy will be passing by 15 meters away in ten seconds.

ST AR-15: Got it... I see them.

M4A1: Steady... Steady... Alright, they have their backs to us! Cross the road now!

ST AR-15: We did it... That was really close. Can you make out the locations of the other enemies?

M4A1: I can only hack units that are close by... I don't want to be too conspicuous. We're dead if they notice our presence.

ST AR-15: I've picked up some weapons and ammo, but they don't match our Imprints so don't expect anything amazing.

M4A1: All the more reason we have to be extra careful. Slipping away right under the enemies' nose without making a single peep is our only chance.

ST AR-15: But even if we aren't discovered, time is still a problem if we just keep crawling our way through this rubble bit by bit.

ST AR-15: If Ange and the others manage to get out, they'll leave this area as fast as they can.

ST AR-15: Once they go beyond our signal range...then we...

M4A1: Tsk... I see your point... But we don't really have any other choice, unless...

Clear Voice: Unless you can move in a way that's completely invisible to your enemies – like ghosts.

M4A1: !!

Clear Voice: Surprised?

M4A1: But weren't you...

Clear Voice: Left behind in the white units' system?

Clear Voice: If you hadn't attempted to hack them, I probably couldn't have found you. Sadly, you don't really have a choice.

Clear Voice: So we meet again. It must be fate.

M4A1: Tsk...

Clear Voice: I was working so hard trying to help you, yet you gave me the slip just like that. Don't you feel the slightest bit guilty?

M4A1: You're only helping me to achieve your own goal. When it comes to you, there's nothing to feel guilty about.

Clear Voice: Really? Really now...

M4A1: Really. I'm my real self only when you aren't meddling.

Clear Voice: Hmm... I was going to come back and help you get out of here.

Clear Voice: But I've changed my mind.

M4A1: What...are you trying to do?

Clear Voice: All this time, I've been helping you for your sake, but you let me down again and again.

M4A1: I don't need your help, and I certainly don't need you!

Clear Voice: It's time I make your realize just how weak you actually are.

Clear Voice: If you think you can get out of this on your own, then prove it.

Clear Voice: However, no one will be there to pick up the slack for you this time. You must taste the consequences of your failure for yourself.

M4A1: Dammit! You're drawing the enemies to us?!

ST AR-15: M4, what's wrong?

ST AR-15: Spacing out again?

M4A1: I was just searching for the best route to take. We...we have to run! Now!

ST AR-15: But aren't we supposed to keep out of sight...

M4A1: We don't have time for that!

M4A1: Hurry! Follow me!

ST AR-15: Doesn't it feel like the enemies are following us?!

ST AR-15: Have they spotted us?

ST AR-15: But they haven't fired at us! What the hell is going on?!

M4A1: Stop thinking about that! They're trying to block us off ahead!

M4A1: Left! Turn left and follow me!

ST AR-15: What just happened?!

M4A1: The consciousness! It's controlling those enemies! It's trying to capture us!

ST AR-15: What?! But didn't you say...

M4A1: Yes, I thought I lost it, but it's back!

ST AR-15: What a clingy, tenacious...!

M4A1: Since we're exposed anyway, I ran a full scan on their positions!

M4A1: This way! They haven't sealed off this direction yet!

ST AR-15: Are we running straight for the signal relay?!

M4A1: If you have any better suggestions, go right ahead!

Clear Voice: Is that your solution?

Clear Voice: Scampering around mindlessly?

M4A1: You're in control of these units, aren't you?!

M4A1: I know you don't dare fire at me!

Clear Voice: Who knows, perhaps it's a good idea to stay in this system. It may be more accommodating than your ungrateful neural cloud.

M4A1: If you like it there so much, I wish you all the best!

Clear Voice: But there isn't anything that's remotely interesting to me in their system.

M4A1: I know what you're going to say next!

Clear Voice: Then just be a good girl and stop this nonsense.

M4A1: If you think you can intercept me with these dumb white units, you underestimate me!

Clear Voice: They probably can't, but I bet the Nytos can.

M4A1: Nytos?!

Clear Voice: Don't say I didn't warn you. I can't keep these Dolls under control. They seem to hate you a lot more than I expected.

ST AR-15: M4, stop! The black enemy appeared straight ahead!

M4A1: Tsk... It's drawing its weapon! Get inside that building, hurry!

ST AR-15: She's firing! M4, come in!

M4A1: Dammit... It's not any pulling punches... We must be quick on our feet!

Clear Voice: You can run, you can hide, but you'll have to face me eventually, Lunasia.

Clear Voice: Before we patch things up, let's play a game of hide-and-seek.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

ST AR-15: M4, they've sealed us off!

ST AR-15: What now?

M4A1: Tsk, is there another route we can take...?

M4A1: Not this way... This won't do either... What about this...? Dammit!

ST AR-15: The enemies are closing in!

Clear Voice: Backed yourself into a corner, have you?

The white units had M4A1 and ST AR-15 surrounded at a dead end in the building. A Nyto strolled out casually from among the units. She planted herself in front of the only exit and pointed her weapon at them.

M4A1: ...Didn't you say you couldn't control these Nytos?

Clear Voice: I wasn't able to back then, but it was only a matter of time.

M4A1: If you can occupy someone else's body, then why won't you just leave me alone?!

Clear Voice: I was cultivated in your neural cloud in the first place, and I have no interest in controlling someone else's body.

Clear Voice: I've been telling you all along that I am after the same thing as you – to find out who I really am.

M4A1: It doesn't sound convincing at all coming from a puppet under your control.

Clear Voice: What other choice do I have?

M4A1: So what are you going to do? Shoot us full of holes?

Clear Voice: Lunasia, do you know what your most valuable bargaining chip is?

M4A1: Humph...

Clear Voice: You know that I don't want to hurt you, but there is something I need to tell you.

The Doll in black lowered her weapon and pointed towards the distance.

Clear Voice: Not too far from here, another company of the white forces are about to engage Ange and Griffin in battle.

M4A1: What?!

Clear Voice: If you want to stay here and dawdle, you'll have to kiss the last departing flight goodbye.

M4A1: ...!

Clear Voice: You still don't understand?

Clear Voice: I only managed to hijack these units because the puppet who's in charge of them is busy elsewhere.

Clear Voice: When it realizes what I'm doing, my hands will be completely tied.

Clear Voice: Not only will you miss the last available flight, your chances of leaving this area alive will be practically nil.

M4A1: I...don't believe you...

Clear Voice: Yes, you do. You're just refusing to acknowledge that.

Clear Voice: You're like a sulking child, being unnecessarily difficult and wasting precious time.

M4A1: I am not—

Clear Voice: You've already figured out the truth yourself.

Clear Voice: The fact is that you can't do this on your own.

Clear Voice: All I'm trying to do is to make you realize that and admit it yourself.

M4A1: You...

Clear Voice: So are you ready to take me back?

Clear Voice: Of course, I can force my way through whether you're willing or not, but I'd much rather you ask me to come back in your own words.

M4A1: Don't even think about it!

Clear Voice: In return, I can freeze all these white units and this black puppet on the spot so that you can get to the signal tower right away.

Clear Voice: You can only venture on if you survive. Don't just think about yourself. Consider what's best for the friend standing right next to you.

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: Well?

M4A1: Do I even have a choice?

Clear Voice: Of course you do. You've always had a choice.

30 minutes later.

ST AR-15: The white units all stopped moving for some reason...

M4A1: That's the best possible outcome.

ST AR-15: This has something to do with you, right? Both the mysterious consciousness and the black puppet are...

M4A1: Sorry... I'd rather not talk about that now...

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: Any news from Ange?

ST AR-15: DEFY got back to us.

ST AR-15: AK-12 sent us a set of coordinates. Their chopper will be waiting for us there.

ST AR-15: But Ange is unconscious, and the Commander got captured by the white enemies... They went through a really tough fight.

M4A1: ...So the mission is still a failure in the end?

ST AR-15: It's fortunate enough that we're all getting out of here at all... Just leave the rest till later.

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: Lunasia, this is just the beginning. We need an explanation. An answer. A resolution. The truth.

M4A1: I know what I must do. You told me I've always had a choice, so I've made the choice to never believe you ever again.

Clear Voice: That doesn't matter. I'll still help you because we are one. That's a fact that you can't deny or change.

Clear Voice: One day, you will understand that everything is written in the stars, just as one day, you will finally accept the fact that you are Lunasia.

M4A1: If that is true, then I will face it, and when the time comes...I'll even fulfill this destiny myself.

M4A1: But your so-called "written in the stars" is just another pointless lie to me.

Clear Voice: That's alright. Time will tell. When you stop being so close-minded, the answer will naturally present itself. Perhaps it simply isn't time yet.

Clear Voice: But it doesn't matter. I don't mind waiting for the day when you finally accept the truth. I know such a day will come.

Several minutes ago.

On the train.

Kalina: Ah, Miss 45. Shouldn't you be in the command center?

UMP45: We'll be there in a second. We just need to finish this maintenance.

UMP45: Once I'm done here, I'll switch the circuit to Repair Bay A23. Your Griffin Dolls could use some extra help there, right?

Kalina: Thanks. Sorry for having to borrow your hardware.

UMP45: That's okay, we'll be charging for it.

Kalina: Ahahaha...

Kalina: Right, then can I ask another favor?

UMP45: What is it?

Kalina: We just received a problematic encrypted file. I'm guessing Ange finally managed to send her information over.

UMP45: She finally got in touch?

UMP45: But why didn't she just call you?

Kalina: That's what worries us as well...

UMP45: ...If she can't talk through a direct transmission, then she could be in danger right now.

Kalina: It was already odd enough that she didn't contact us at the agreed time.

Kalina: On top of that, the file we received is completely garbled due to some kind of interference...

UMP45: So the content is damaged and you want us to recover it?

Kalina: Sorry, I'm rendering the holographic map using the computer mainframe while M4 and RO are busy running battle simulations.

UMP45: Nobody's got time, eh?

UMP45: I understand. Send me the file. We'll sort it out in five minutes.

Kalina: I'll leave that to you then~

Kalina terminates the transmission.

416: Extra work?

UMP45: Kinda.

416: We don't need to be armed to repair some file on Level II, do we?

UMP45: We'll reach the submarine base in half an hour. Better be prepared ahead of time.

416: Humph... I've never seen you take an operation so seriously.

416: I'll help. There's also something I want to talk to you about.

On Level II.

UMP45: So the interference was really caused by Sangvis Ferri, but it's so...amateurish. Hard to imagine how S.F. is now in such a sorry state.

416: Didn't Dandelion mention that S.F. was involved in this mission?

UMP45: And you believe her?

416: The other Dolls don't seem particularly hostile to her.

UMP45: First she's related to OGAS, then she's related to the Pike Node. Now this Pike Node is somehow connected to the Butterfly Incident.

UMP45: This thing that's neither human nor machine is the most suspicious subject on the entire train.

416: If you're so concerned, why don't you just ask her?

UMP45: Humph... This Dandelion has already noticed that I've been monitoring M4's neural cloud the whole time.

416: I know. I could tell many of the things she said weren't directed at the Dolls she was talking to.

416: Just leave it be. You and I both know that you aren't keeping tabs on M4 just to complete Persica's mission.

UMP45: What are you getting at?

416: I'm not sure what you're trying to achieve here, but it's obvious that you have common interests with those Dolls, so why don't you just let those special Dolls handle it?

416: After all, we aren't like them.

UMP45: You always pride yourself on being an elite, yet you're admitting your inferiority at a time like this?

416: Change is only natural after going through so much.

416: The AR Team aren't the only ones who have changed. I realized when I came back that even we're not the same.

416: One could easily drown in the past if they refuse to let go.

416: The UMP45 I know would never be stupid enough to make such a mistake.

UMP45: You're quite chatty today.

416: You don't have to listen if you don't want to. I'm just giving you some friendly advice.

416: We'll be entering that submarine base soon. I don't want to drag your tattered body out of there like what happened last time.

UMP45: I appreciate your concern, now focus on cleaning up the Sangvis corruption in the file.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

M4A1: It feels like ages have passed since then...

M4A1: Back then I had almost completely given up hope of ever reuniting with the AR Team.

ST AR-15: Thank goodness it was only "almost". We did end up finding each other again.

Commander: That's why you only showed yourselves during the operation in Belgrade...

ST AR-15: That's right. It took us a long time to finally board Task Force DEFY's transport, and we had no source of information while Ange's body was still recovering.

ST AR-15: We couldn't relax until Squad 404 finally told us your rescue mission was successful.

ST AR-15: When we learned that Griffin would be operating in Belgrade, we set off at once.

RO635: So that time... Was it also you who helped us out in the sewers?

M4A1: Sorry, that was all I could do.

M4 SOPMOD II: I knew you couldn't have done something so impressive, RO~

RO635: No one would've been able to crack that deadlocked system from within, okay?!

Commander: I didn't know you could even hack a Nyto, Dandelion.

Dandelion: If Squad 404 can do it, why can't I?

Dandelion: Still, Paradeus has since strengthened the interference within the Isomers' brains, so I couldn't seize control over this body directly back then.

ST AR-15: So that's why you wanted M4 and I to shoot the blocking devices on the Nytos' heads.

Dandelion: Yes, these bodies do not transmit messages and signals through radio waves or any kind of network protocol. They just have to think.

Commander: Think?

Dandelion: Exactly. That's why there's a resonance between the Nytos and me. When they're thinking, I can sense their presence, their emotions, and even their thoughts.

Commander: I'm a bit puzzled here... How exactly do you do that?

Dandelion: I'm not too sure either. It's practically some kind of instinct.

Dandelion: My objective is to figure out the answers to all these questions, haven't I told you?

Commander: Right...

Dandelion: In any case, we're finally one step closer to our goal.

Dandelion: I believe I have also demonstrated my sincerity to convince you that my existence poses no threat to you?

M4A1: Your existence is temporarily tolerated because you are of strategic value to us. I'll be watching your every move.

Dandelion: That's good enough for me.

Knock knock – it's the door.

UMP45: Looks like your emotional reunion is over. Can we come in?

Commander: Please.

Gr G11: Wow, this room is so warm. Must I head out to the freezing cold outside later?

416: You won't feel cold if I set you on fire.

UMP9: The Commander is standing right there! Stop fooling around, you two!

Kalina: Ah, Squad 404 is here. How's the file?

UMP45: All sorted.

M4A1: File?

Kalina: We just received what we suspect to be a transmission from Ange, but the file was severely corrupted. Miss 45 fixed it up in just a few minutes though.

RO635: So Ange finally got in touch?

UMP45: You'll just have to watch it, but I don't think you're gonna like it.

UMP45: Fräulein Kalina, I just sent it to you.

Kalina: Many thanks. Received.

Kalina: Should I just play it on the big screen?

Commander: Go ahead.

RPK16: Task Force DEFY to Griffin Commander.

RPK16: This is RPK-16. I haven't had the pleasure of meeting you yet, but don't worry, we'll meet very soon.

RPK16: We are now currently in control of the entrance of the quarantine wall just outside the Paldiski Submarine Base, but we've lost contact with Angelia and our other teammates.

RPK16: The path to the base is clear. We will stay and defend this position and await Griffin reinforcements.

RPK16: RPK-16 out.

Commander: That's certainly not quite what I expected...

M4A1: Ange seems to be in trouble.

Commander: But looks like our priority is now certain.

Commander: RO, are the simulations ready?

RO635: Yes, Commander, I've completed the simulations.

RO635: It's good news that the entrance is under friendly control, but we can't be sure how long that will remain true, so we must rally to this new DEFY member as soon as possible.

RO635: Also, the simulations indicate that the coastal defense artillery and the military armored trains are both enormous threats to us. If our echelons come within the range of either threat, they will be targets of intense barrage.

RO635: Given the fact that we've already suffered considerable casualties in the previous operation, we must do our best to avoid that possibility.

M4A1: So the best strategy is to launch a three-way attack and handle the following objectives at the same time – slow down and distract the Military, eliminate the threat posed by the coastal defense artillery, and enter the base to find Ange.

M4A1: Once these objectives are completed, we'll think about what measures to take against the unknown threats within the base and ultimately fulfill our mission by occupying the facility.

Commander: Looks like we'll have to split up again.

Commander: I know that this is another grueling mission, but you have all come a long way.

Commander: You now have access to the battle plan, so I won't waste any more time.

Commander: Godspeed and return safely.

Commander: Move out!

Members of the AR Team: Yes, Commander!

Members of Squad 404: Understood!

Dandelion: I'm finally on my journey home. What's going to happen next? I can't wait to find out.

