...

The sensation of the electronic attack gradually subsides, and Anna can feel the consciousness of her peers stirring.

Anna: The feels...just like...the day when the gates were sealed.

A blurry figure emerges in her mind.

That familiar person tilted Anna's chin up gently – there was no sign of any inhibitors on her glossy hair.

Anna tried to lean closer with all her might, but the person kept a firm distance away from her.

???: "Stay here with our young ones. Remain with those who still have hope."

Anna: I want to go with you. Can't I come?

Anna: I'm all grown up! I can fight, just like you!

???: "You are a blessed and cherished child. You need to protect those who still have a chance of surviving."

Anna: If you leave this place, will everything still be the same?

???: "We will meet again – on the other side of Zion. When the moment comes, you will hear us calling out to you."

They left.

They all headed out to fight for us.

Their connections disappeared in my mind.

Are they dead? But didn't Father say we would never die?!

We have always believed in Father, but they told us we mustn't trust him just before they left.

I can't hear them anymore, but now I'm hearing voices that I've never heard before.

A consciousness from the outside?

There are others who can also hear the voices in Zion?

Will their arrival be our salvation or our demise?

But no one has any answers for me.

If I could grow just a bit taller... If I could make myself more useful... Would I be able to fight by their side?

That way, would I be able to find out the truth?

???: Is she still not awake? The attack should have been neutralized already.

???: Maybe you weren't thorough enough?

Anna: Ugh...!

UMP45: Ah, looks like your relative is coming to.

Angelia: You were breathing very rapidly. Bad dream?

Anna: ...

Ange then notices the tears streaming down her cheeks.

Angelia: Are you afraid?

Anna: I...I'm not!

Anna hurriedly wipes the tears off her face and looks at the people around her with forced composure.

Anna: So...can you get us out of here, as we've agreed?

Angelia: Right, it's time we kept our end of the bargain.

Angelia: That scary lady over there will come up with something.

UMP45: This is hardly the time for jokes.

UMP45: Being a nanny isn't part of my mission.

Ange strokes Anna's black hair gently to calm her down.

Angelia: Like us, she has lost precious friends.

UMP45: ...

Angelia: Could you lift the quarantine in this facility, Anna? Time is short.

Anna: Yeah... My sisters have all awakened. We will disable the locks within Zion.

UMP45: Zion?

Angelia: Like Dolls, these children can connect to a cyberspace in their minds – a place they refer to as "Zion".

Angelia: According to Anna, there is only one way to access Zion, and it's where their consciousness intertwine.

UMP45: Humans whose consciousness can be transferred like Dolls'?

UMP45: That sounds like bad news... Jeez, how far has his experimentation gone...?

Angelia: I'm guessing this is only part of the experiments that have been going on here.

Angelia: That's all the information we have gathered for now; more details can only be gleaned after we return and conduct further analysis.

Angelia: I'm sure you catch my drift.

UMP45: ...

Anna and the other juvenile Nytos hold hands and close their eyes in unison.

The Dolls can clearly perceive the communications interference clearing up. The signals of the sealed passage turn from red to green. The hum of machinery can be heard coming from all directions, and all the lights flicker back on.

UMP45: Looks like the lockdown has been lifted.

UMP45: Let's give the comms a try... Anyone copy?

UMP9's Voice: Positive! Are you alright, 45?!

UMP9's Voice: Can you hear me?

UMP45: Comms have indeed been restored.

UMP45: I'm fine, we have things under control here; Ange and DEFY are all okay.

UMP45: Come join us in the foyer of the lab – sending you the route right now. I'll fill you in on the details when you get here.

UMP9's Voice: Understood, we're on our way!

45 turns back toward the group. Ange seems to have also got in touch with the Commander.

Task Force DEFY is in the process of replenishing their ammo.

Angelia: I see you've caught on.

UMP45: So we're completely destroying the lab... If I remember correctly, this course of action is reserved for the worst-case scenario.

Angelia: That's only true to the big wigs, but it will work out just fine for us.

UMP45: But if we do that, how are we going to trace the guy?

Angelia: All the info we can gather from this place is already in your storage drive; I also have another backup copy stored within 12's neural cloud. Let's try to get back alive before we worry about the rest.

Angelia: The things in this lab are simply too dangerous. No one should ever get their hands on such dreadful technology.

UMP45: "These children are all victims; they do not deserve to die here, but we must never breathe a word about what they are capable of," yeah?

UMP45: What are your plans?

Angelia: The Commander and I have brought each other up to speed.

Angelia: Griffin's forces managed to cut off most of the Military troops. Meanwhile, the AR Team is venturing into the lower levels in pursuit of Yegor's mech unit. We are going to regroup with them and intercept him together.

Angelia: I'll have the Commander blow up the seawater valves and completely flood the lower levels, including this place.

Angelia: Your job is to get these kids out of here safely. Griffin could also use some reinforcements.

Angelia: Rendezvous with them and secure a route for us to retreat.

UMP45: Are you sure you can retreat at all?

Angelia: What do you mean?

UMP45: The Sangvis Mastermind is about to activate the Starfish. The best course of action would be to pull the AR Team out right now and just flood the entire base.

Angelia: What...?

UMP45: It was the Sangvis Mastermind who hacked me just now, telling me that she was going to begin her coalescence with the Starfish.

UMP45: I'm not sure what exactly she's planning to do, but I have a really bad feeling about this.

UMP45: If our previous intel is correct, then M4 also has an OGAS consciousness inside her neural cloud, right? If the AR Team enters the lower levels, even I can't tell how many variables that'll introduce to the equation.

Angelia: Then we must act now. AK-12?

AK-12: She's right. Collapse radiation levels are rising; the blue luminescence is growing in intensity.

Angelia: Things are deviating from our original plan – or perhaps it has never been his plan to let the Military activate the Starfish...?

Angelia: Whatever the case, we've got to get going this instant.

AK-12: AN-94 and I are ready whenever you are.

Angelia: Then let's go.

Angelia: 45, take care of the children.

UMP45: Turning a deaf ear to my suggestion, are we?

Angelia: I heard you, which is all the more reason for me to get down there right now.

Angelia: M4 is after her own objective; we can't stop her if her mind is set.

Angelia: But we CAN stop Yegor and make sure he doesn't get what he wants.

UMP45: Let me come with you.

Angelia: We don't have the resources to fix you up again, 45.

UMP45: ...

Angelia: If I don't make it back, you'll find the password to my account hidden within the second shelf of the bookcase in the study in the Putryntsi safe house. The money in there should cover the sum that I owe you.

Ange picks up her rifle and is about to leave when Anna tugs at the hem of her coat from behind.

Anna: Are you also leaving us?

Angelia: There is something that I have to do.

Angelia: This Doll may look weird, but you can trust her.

Angelia: She and her squad will fulfill my promise.

Anna: But...

Ange slings the weapon onto her shoulder. The two DEFY members take their positions close behind.

Angelia: I'm leaving them to you. I need to go.

UMP45: If you don't come back, I'll withdraw every single cent in your account and spend it all.

Angelia: I know – think of it as compensation for all the outrageous and unreasonable missions I've given you in the past.

Angelia: Now do your job. Griffin also needs you, got that?

UMP45: When have I ever disappointed you?

Ange nods; 12 and 94 also give 45 a wave. Then the trio exit the foyer without a backward glance and vanish into the dark expanse.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

After a long while following Ange's departure, 45 finally turns her gaze toward the juvenile Isomers.

Anna is talking to the other children, trying to comfort them and put them at ease.

45 skims through the information that Ange just gave her, then as if suddenly struck by a realization, she looks up.

She walks over to Gr G11, who's lying perfectly still on the floor, then kneels down and pinches her on the cheeks.

Gr G11: Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!

UMP45: I knew all along that you've recovered. Now get up.

UMP45: 416 would kick your ass if she saw you like this.

Gr G11: Oh... So you knew.

UMP45: I just didn't expose you because I had more important things to do.

Anna: S...sorry about what happened. I had to paralyze her because she wouldn't stop moving.

As Anna is comes closer, Gr G11 quickly darts behind 45.

UMP45: Hey, aren't you being way too skittish?

Gr G11: You weren't the one she paralyzed!

Gr G11: I thought I was done for when the Nyto got me...

Anna: My name is Anna, I'm not a Nyto!

UMP45: So she says. Now why don't you greet her nicely?

UMP45: You heard Ange – this is our very important client.

Gr G11: Ugh... Al...alright.

Gr G11: H...h...hello...

Anna: That forced smile looks really gross. Please don't make her do that...

UMP45: What a pity, I'm kinda enjoying this myself.

UMP9: 45, we're here!

UMP9: Any of the doors can be flung open just like that – you're amazing, 45!

UMP9: Oh, you're still alive, Gr G11.

Gr G11: Of course I'm still alive!

Gr G11: What's this difference in treatment? I was fighting very hard too, you know...

UMP45: Fighting while lying sprawled on the floor?

Gr G11: Hm... That also counts, right...?

416: Damn shame, I thought I could finally be rid of both nuisances.

UMP9: My, my, there you go again, 416.

UMP9: Who was it that ran dozens of laps outside trying to find the controls?

416: I just wanted to complete my mission ASAP!

UMP9: By the way, these children...

UMP45: These are the test subjects in the lab. Ange wants us to bring them back with us safely.

416: So they must be the Nyto signals we detected before.

UMP9: I would agree... But since they're standing right next to 45 and Gr G11, they probably aren't hostile?

UMP9: Not to mention how cute they look.

Anna: Hm... Your teammates are just as weird as you. Are you some kind of weirdo squad?

UMP45: Can't be helped. We are indeed an oddball squad made up of a bunch of oddball Dolls.

Kalina: Attention, all echelons! Would all T-Dolls still capable of fighting please make for the Commander's position! The Commander is being surrounded by the enemy and requires immediate assistance!

Kalina: I repeat – would all T-Dolls still capable of fighting please make for the Commander's position!

416: The Commander is engaging the enemy in person?

UMP45: Then Griffin's situation must be very dire. If the Commander is killed, Griffin will also collapse, and that would be catastrophic.

UMP45: Miss Kalina, this is Squad 404. We can provide support, please give us the Commander's location.

Kalina: 404?! That's wonderful! I'm sending you the coordinates right now!

UMP45: Received.

UMP45: Also, Ange has handed us a group of juvenile Isomers she found in the lab. Some of my squad members will be escorting them to you. Please don't open fire when they arrive.

Kalina: Juvenile Isomers...?

Kalina: Understood, I'll share this information with our forces!

UMP45: Thanks. 404 out.

UMP45: Looks like we'll have to split up.

UMP45: 9, you and Gr G11 take these Isomers and retreat behind Griffin's line of defense.

UMP45: 416, you and I will give the Commander some backup. Questions?

416: I...

UMP45: Good, all in accord, as I expected. Then let's get moving.

A unit of soldiers in search of the Commander are slowly closing in near the bunker.

The Commander glances at the weapon and detonator in their possession – direct confrontation is not a wise choice.

Not to mention, they have a much more important task.

The Commander carefully observes the enemy's movements through the cracks between the buildings as they move in the shadows, trying to slip quietly back the way they came.

But this place has been made practically watertight by the soldier's encirclement. A stealthy retreat will not be possible this time.

Military Soldier: Here!

Commander: !!!

The Commander raises their scavenged rifle and fires a few shots at the soldiers. They scatter for cover, and the Commander takes the opportunity to make a run for it at top speed.

Military Soldier: We've found the rat! Open fire!

Bang-bang-bang!

Bullet after bullet impact behind the Commander, hot on their heels.

In their manic dash, they throw the rifle aside without a second thought.

The Commander sprints past the final junction, dodges the last few bullets by executing a deft roll, then dives into an alley using the momentum.

Without even stopping to catch their breath, they find a corner to hide in.

Military Soldier: Move up and flank them! Don't let the rat escape!

The soldiers group themselves into pairs. With their back against each other, they warily approach the alley in which the Commander has taken refuge, all the while laying down suppressive fire.

The other group sneak toward the entrance and lob a grenade into the alley.

Commander: !!!

The Commander dives for the ground a split second before the explosion goes off.

BOOM!

The Commander's ears won't stop ringing after the explosion.

With all energy seemingly sucked out of them, they scramble to their feet, panting heavily as they hug the wall. Beads of sweat roll down their forehead.

There is a sharp pain in their left arm, and the numbness in their fingertips seems to suggest the worst.

They reach under their clothes with their trembling right hand and feel a sickly, wet warmth that smells coppery.

Commander: What rotten luck...

The Commander sighs – time is running short.

They fish out the detonation trigger from their coat pocket, and as their hand brushes past another cold object, they are suddenly reminded of something...

Kryuger: Enough sleep, rookie.

Kryuger: You’re in luck.

Kryuger: Only a rifle fell on you, not the entire arsenal.

Commander: You know, when I first took this job...you never told me it would involve such occupational hazards, Boss...

Commander: Sadly, I doubt I'll be able to collect my overtime pay from you.

Under their comrades' cover fire, the soldiers have reached the Commander's hiding place.

Commander: Let's see if luck is on my side this time.

The Commander decides to leave it up to fate. They raise their pistol from behind their cover—

Military Soldier: Hm?!

Bang-bang-bang!

A soldier collapses to the ground. The other soldiers look around frantically, trying to locate the shooter, but they're soon hit as well.

Commander: What's going on?

???: Saving your life costs extra, Commander. Remember to put another 0 on the end of our fee when you get back.

Commander: Is that 404?

UMP45: Are you happy to see me, Commander?

UMP45: It's too early to celebrate, though. Only 416 and I managed to sneak in. We'll think of a way to get you out of here.

416: Hang in there. We'll be with you right away.

UMP45 and 416 dash towards the Commander's cover. Having finally recovered from the shock, the soldiers start shooting at them.

416 swivels around mid-run and returns fire at the soldiers. Using this brief moment of respite in the enemy's attack, the Dolls roll behind the Commander's cover.

416 immediately resumes her counterattack while UMP45 brings Kalina up to speed.

UMP45: Miss Kalina, we've got the Commander. If you can spare any reinforcements, please send them our way ASAP. The enemy is more numerous than expected.

Kalina: Copy that! Hang in there!

Commander: Looks like I'll have a chance of getting out of this alive after all.

UMP45: This is exclusive service that's only for you. Make sure you pay up, okay? ♪

Commander: As long as Kalina doesn't pass out when she sees the figure.

UMP45: Oh, I'm sure Miss Kalina's mental fortitude has improved a great deal. So what's the current situation?

Commander: The explosives have been set on the sea valves.

Commander: We need to get to high ground. Once the valves blow, this place could also be flooded.

Commander: Even if we can't get out, I'll still have to detonate the explosives here.

Commander: I'm sorry for dragging you into this.

UMP45: It's a bit too late to apologize now that we've already jumped into this pile of crap.

UMP45: 416, got any ideas?

416: Things aren't looking good at all. They've plugged the opening we took when we came in. We're outnumbered – I can't hold them off forever!

UMP45 tries to raise her head to evaluate the situation on the other side, but bullets keep whizzing past the top of her head. She ducks again and can only discern the enemy's positions from the noise.

UMP45: Humans are such a pain.

416: I can't get a lock on their precise locations – I only have a rough idea on where they are judging by their bullets' trajectories and where the shots are coming from!

416: They've split into groups and are closing in. If they get close enough to throw a grenade, we'll be doomed!

UMP45: Then don't let them get close enough. Surely an elite T-Doll can manage that much?

416: Tsk, you with your ill-timed snide remarks!

416 fires at the advancing enemies with precision; howls and shrieks of pain keep coming from the other side.

416: Tsk, I'm dipping into my last AP rounds. My remaining mags won't be able to penetrate their armor, and it won't be long till they realize that.

416: Are there no other Dolls that can give us some backup?

UMP45: This is 404. We are under intense enemy fire. When will our reinforcements arrive?

Kalina: The nearest Dolls have already assembled a provisional rescue party; they're making their way to you. What's your situation?

UMP45: Well, we're pretty much on the verge of getting shot full of holes.

Kalina: You must stick it out! I'm putting you through to the rescue party!

SL8: This is SL8, hailing Squad 404! We've still got some fight left in us – we're doing our best to breach the enemy encirclement and reach your position!

UMP45: How many Dolls do you have?

SL8: Only a handful, but we're bringing you some spare ammo!

UMP45: Many thanks, we'll hold out until you get here!

SL8: Please keep the Commander safe! We'll be right there! Over!

Kalina: The AR Team is also en route. SL8, once you get there, bolster 404's defenses and wait for them to link up with you!

UMP45: The AR Team has pulled out?

Kalina: Some of them are coming as fast as they can. Please, please stay alive long enough for them to show up!

416: Things are getting more and more interesting.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Persica takes a sip out of her coffee.

Persica: Too bitter...

She grabs a handful of sugar cubes and tosses them into her cup.

She takes another sip but still looks unhappy with the taste.

Splosh! Splosh! Splosh!

Just then, there is a series of very even knocks on the door.

She empties the entire pack of sugar cubes into her coffee and flings the packaging aside.

Persica: Finally here then?

Knock, knock, knock!

Persica sighs. After tapping a few keys on her keyboard, the door slides open automatically.

Havier strolls into the room casually with two black-clad men — bodyguards, by the looks of them — trailing behind him.

Havier: Good morning, Persica.

Havier: I thought you would be too indignant to open the door.

Persica: Even if I hadn't opened the door myself, you have access to every room in the entire lab.

Havier: That's different – I would never barge into a lady's room uninvited. That's a gentleman's basic etiquette.

Persica: Is it also a gentleman's hobby to bug a lady's room?

Persica: Since you've already gone that far, why bother coming all this way to monitor me in person? You know I can never escape this lab on my own.

Havier: Now, now, why would you put it in such a terrible way?

Havier: I've merely brought along some janitors to clean up your dumpster of a room.

Persica: Are you certain these are janitors?

Black-Clad Man: ...

Black-Clad Man: ...

Havier: Never judge a book by its cover.

Havier: Even the lady isn't as simple as her appearance would suggest.

Persica: ...

Havier: I didn't invite these security experts here to deal with a frail and defenseless scientist.

Havier gestures with his hand, and the black-clad men start rummaging through the room.

Black-Clad Man: Here, Mr. Havier.

One of them takes out a green crystalline object from within the ventilation duct. He places it into a sealed container and hands it over to Havier.

Persica: What's that...?

Havier: A neurotoxin capsule that hasn't taken effect yet. The culprit who planted this was captured before he even made it out of the building.

Havier: After having his ninth finger lopped off, he finally divulged the location of the capsule.

Havier: Seriously, just leaving it so haphazardly right inside the ventilation duct? How very crude.

Havier: The one who wants you dead can't even afford to hire a proper professional? I almost wish I could sponsor them.

Persica: ...

Havier: If this had worked, you would have lost consciousness very soon.

Havier: Then you would have convulsed uncontrollably on your chair and eventually choked to death. What a gentle way of assassinating you.

Persica: How is that gentle...?

Havier: It is definitely a lot more gentle compared to the hitman that tried to shoot your brains out or the one that buried 200 pounds of explosives beneath your room.

Havier: This was the fifth — no, sixth — attempt on your life in just this month, I believe?

Persica: What...? Why didn't I know about this?

Havier: I didn't want the apple of my eye to have the living daylights scared out of her.

Persica: ...

Persica glances at the black-clad men behind Havier, and he catches on immediately.

He walks over to Persica and pulls out a chair to sit down, then he gestures at the men, who leave the room discreetly.

Havier: I have always had absolute faith in you, Persica.

Havier: But clearly, you are aware that someone is very determined to take your life, yet you never cared to share that story with me.

Havier: Why don't we move to a safer location and have a proper chat about this?

Persica: I will not leave this lab. All of my life's work is here.

Havier: Hm, I see. Now I understand.

Havier takes out a photograph from his pocket all of a sudden.

Havier: Since you have no intention of leaving, let's proceed with our conversation right here.

Persica: Th-this...

Havier: I must say, 90wish had a brilliant closed-loop control system when it comes to information storage. It took me a lot of effort, but I did manage to find some clues.

The photo shows four smiling people huddled closely together.

Havier points first at the elderly man, then at the tall, lean man next to him.

Havier: This is Rudolf von Oberstein, former director of the Max Planck Institute for Computer Science.

Havier: By now he has probably been promoted to Head of the German Ministry of Science and Technology.

Havier: But he obviously isn't the point here. We need to confirm the identity of the man next to him.

Havier: If I'm not mistaken, this young man must be Lyco, correct?

Persica: ...That's right.

Havier: 90wish was still in its early days back then; just look at him – so enthusiastic and full of pep.

Havier: What was 90wish's official name again...?

Havier: Oh, right - Bundeswehr Special Technology Development Group. How very impressive.

Havier: Though few even knew it existed thanks to its incredible confidentiality.

Havier: Most people actually thought 90wish was some sort of online society – you youngsters sure have some weird tastes.

Havier: Back in my days, spreading information without permission could get you directly executed for treason.

Havier's finger then slides toward a young woman standing next to the tall man, a little girl in her arms.

Havier: Persica...

Havier: You haven't changed much physically over the years, though your eyes seemed a little brighter back then?

Persica: My eyes are still perfectly bright, thank you very much...

Havier: Sure, sure. But that's not the point either. The key is here.

Havier slowly moves his finger to the little girl being held.

Persica stares at the girl with bated breath.

Havier: If memory serves, her name was Lunasia, wasn't it?

Havier: Lunasia von Oberstein.

Persica: ...I didn't know you've managed to unearth this much in your investigation.

Havier: Can't be helped. I'm an idle old man with too much time on his hands – I waste it on digging up the past.

Persica: What else do you know?

Havier: This Lunasia was Rudolf's eldest daughter who sadly passed away shortly before the end of WWIII.

Havier: Other than this photograph, I haven't been able to gather much information about her.

Havier: Still, "Lunasia"... Doesn't that name ring a bell?

Persica: Uh...

Havier: This name has been cropping up with alarming frequency in the database these days.

Havier: Your M4A1, the Sangvis Mastermind, those clone assassins, and even the Isomers in Tallinn all bear an outrageously striking resemblance to little Lunasia.

Havier: Now, Miss Persica, will you tell me why?

Havier: Why do these seemingly unrelated individuals all take after a deceased girl?

Persica: ...

Havier: It's alright if you don't want to say – I understand why you'd wish to remain silent.

Havier: But surely you won't mind an old man taking a random guess?

Persica: Even if I do mind, it won't stop you from talking, will it?

Havier: Hm, of course not. I came here to talk.

Havier: So skipping over the nonsense, the conclusion is—

Havier: Sorry, I'm getting a bit thirsty. May I have something to drink?

Persica: ...

Persica: I can only offer this cup of coffee.

Havier: Never mind, then. I'll just get even thirstier if I drink your coffee loaded with sugar.

Havier waves nonchalantly and fishes out a little hip flask from his pocket. He twists open the cap, makes an ostentatiously apologetic face, and takes two sips before finally slipping the flask back into his pocket with a dramatic flourish.

Persica: Are you doing this on purpose?

Havier: Not at all, I don't take much pleasure in making your nervous.

Persica: ...

Havier: Allow me to continue.

Havier: I believe that the series of events that began with Operation Butterfly were not your doing – you had neither the capability nor the motive for orchestrating them.

Havier: However, that doesn't mean you had nothing to do with these events either.

Havier: If I may hazard a guess – the reason why you are so hung up on Operation Butterfly is because you believe you were the cause of Lyco's death, isn't that right?

Persica: ...

Havier: There must be a connection between this, 90wish, Lunasia, and the Tactical Dolls that you designed.

Havier: Apart from one of your T-Dolls, your friend "Angelia" also took part in that operation. They were among the very few that survived the incident, and their existence was completely erased.

Havier: Or to be more precise, I grudgingly agreed to clean up the mess because you begged me so piteously.

Persica: Ahem...

Havier: You've been keeping some kind of secret for Ange, and vice versa.

Havier: Old geezers like me aren't usually interested in the games that little girls tend to play, but circumstances have changed.

Persica: ...Why?

Havier: Persicaria, I need you to listen very carefully to what I'm about to say.

Persica: W...what is it?

Havier's usual smirk disappears. Persica can see the cold glint in his eyes.

Havier: I don't know the exact cause, but Lyco's death definitely had something to do with you.

Persica: ...

Havier: We need this final piece of the puzzle, and it is my belief that it lies with you.

Havier: You can choose to remain silent. You know how much I cherish genius – no matter what you do, I can't ever bring myself to lift a finger against you.

Havier: But you should know that if you decide to withhold any more key information, someone will eventually lose their life because of your little secret.

Havier: It could be Ange; it could be your precious Dolls; it could be the Griffin Commander who has gone through hell and high water.

Havier: If you have already made your peace with that, I will respect your decision and refrain from questioning you any further. I will get to the bottom of this on my own.

Persica: I...

Havier: That's all I have to say today.

Havier: Alright, I'll let you enjoy your coffee.

With a light rap on the table, Havier gets to his feet and makes for the door.

Persica's thoughts are in disarray. She jerks her head up, but the door has already closed behind Havier.

She lifts her mug with trembling hands; the brown liquid sloshing about inside.

She takes a sip – it still tastes unbearably bitter, as if all the sugar she has thrown in before wasn't sugar at all.

She reaches for the sugar tin by force of habit but knocks it onto the floor in her agitation.

The lid rolls across the carpet into one of the crevices in the cluttered lab, but not a single sugar cube has fallen out.

The tin has long since been emptied.

Persica: Lyco... What should I do...?

Persica stares at her own reflection on the surface of her bitter coffee, her thoughts still a jumbled mess.

Clang.

The cup falls onto the floor, the liquid soaking the carpet.
The woman who barely ever sets foot outside this lab races toward the door.

Amber-1 evades several grenades fired at its legs. Just as it is about to enter the elevator—

There is a massive explosion. A blinding glow of blue-white light engulfs the location where the elevator should have been. The mech is thrown high into the air, then crashes heavily back to the ground.

Smoke and dust billow in the air.

???: Did they all perish in the end? You can't count on S.F. for anything.

RO635: Is that...

RO turns, and the stiff look on M4's face confirms her suspicion.

The one who spoke is none other than...

???: It's been a while, my friends.

Beneath the bluish radiance, the white-haired Doll finally appears before her former teammates.

M16A1: We meet at last, Lunasia.

M4A1: 16...

They stand face-to-face, gazing at each other; the air grows poignant with words unsaid.

The other Dolls also pause what they are doing.

The battlefield, originally filled with gunfire, has suddenly fallen silent. The only remaining sound is the crackling flames and gunshots coming from the distance.

M16A1: This isn't time to talk.

M16A1: I was going to kill that big guy on the spot, but I ended up pushing it off the elevator shaft... Looks like I'm getting a bit rusty.

M4A1: Slacking in training leads to fatal mistakes – you taught us that.

M16A1: Indeed, just look at me and the countless mistakes I have made.

M16A1: But since I've already gone this far, I must put an end to everything. Whoever gets in my way will be eliminated, no exceptions.

M4A1: ...

M16A1: I'm going to finish off that one. If you don't want to die, don't go any further. Well, I said my piece, but I doubt you'd listen.

M4A1: If I said I wish you would come back, you wouldn't listen either, would you?

M16A1: You're right. This ending has been written since the moment we were created; it is inevitable.

M16 backs away and shakes her head lightly as she takes in the Sangvis remains littered all around.

Her figure vanishes over the edge of the elevator shaft, leaving one last sentence to echo through the cavern.

M16A1: Lunasia, I'll be waiting for you on the other side.

...

RO635: Should we pursue?

M4A1: Hold on.

M4A1: Ange, do you copy?

M4A1: Yegor's wingman and M16 have both descended to the bottom level. We haven't been able to locate Yegor's mech; I'm guessing he's headed in the other direction.

Angelia: He's after the main control room. We're going to intercept him.

M4A1: Should we link up with you?

Angelia: Send our two other members. You stay with M16.

Angelia: According to 404's latest report, the Sangvis Mastermind is about to activate the Starfish System on her own.

Angelia: We'll each take one target – we MUST prevent both of them from activating it.

M4A1: Acknowledged.

M4A1: DEFY, you heard Ange.

RPK-16: Looks like our short-lived but rewarding partnership has come to an end.

M4A1: Thank you very much for your support. Leave this side to us.

DEFY's new members bid the AR Team farewell with a nod and depart for Ange's position.

RO635: I'm still not entirely certain what on earth this Starfish is, but stopping it from being turned on feels as important as saving the world.

ST AR-15: So why is M16 helping Mastermind activate this thing?

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't know either, but we just have to bash up all the bad guys and bring M16 home with us!

M4A1: I like your optimism, SOP-II...

RO635: Dandelion, do you have a more detailed floor plan of the lower levels?

Dandelion: No, I don't have any relevant memories. Even the Isomers have never ventured so far down.

M4A1: I see...

M4A1: The situation is already uncertain to begin with, now that 16 has destroyed the elevator, going down is practically a one-way trip.

Dandelion: Are you worried about your teammates?

M4A1: If I go alone...

Dandelion: They don't actually have to go with you.

M4A1: What do you mean?

Dandelion: There aren't any more enemies on the bottom level. Other than that badly wrecked mech, all that's left is the Sangvis Mastermind and M16. You may not have to fight them at all.

M4A1: ...I understand, but how can I talk the team into going back? They aren't likely to just wait for me while I'm down there.

Dandelion: I just received a transmission. They have their own mission to carry out.

Dandelion: If you don't want to send them away yourself, I don't mind playing the villain this time.

M4A1: Yes, please. Sorry about that.

Dandelion: Ladies, a new transmission from the Commander. In five minutes, the Commander will detonate the sea valves.

Dandelion: If you descend any further, you will run the risk of being drowned by sea water.

RO635: What? But Ange is already down there! We've got to notify her!

Dandelion: It was Ange who gave the instruction. Also, the Commander is trapped near the sea valves and needs help in getting clear.

Dandelion: Griffin and 404 have both mounted a rescue, but according to my calculations, the remaining Dolls will not have enough strength to repel the Military's assault.

RO635: What?

M4A1: We must prioritize the Commander's rescue. Return to the entrance of the base and join the counterattack.

M4 SOPMOD II: But...but...16 is still down there!

M4A1: I'll find her. The rest of you, take the Commander to a safe place and wait for me.

ST AR-15: Wait, are you sure?

ST AR-15: We're a team – we should stick together!

M4A1: None of you can withstand 16's OGAS attacks. And besides...you know that it's not firepower we need when dealing with her.

RO635: But you'll be down there by yourself...

M4A1: I'm not going there to die. Have faith, I'll bring 16 back.

ST AR-15: Do you mean it?

M4A1: I mean it.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Since you've already set your mind to it, we won't waste any more of your time.

ST AR-15: Hurry down there and bring that asshole back.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sure M4 can do it!

M4A1: Yeah. RO, you take charge.

M4A1: Take care of everyone and take care of the Commander. I want all their limbs intact.

RO635: Got it, Leader. We will protect the Commander, and we'll be waiting for you to return.

After receiving their orders, the AR Team rushes to the Commander's position.

Meanwhile, M4 peers down the elevator shaft when she suddenly feels Dandelion's consciousness return to her neural cloud.

M4A1: Dandelion?

Dandelion: Don't worry, I have merely transferred part of my processing subroutines back to your neural cloud. My body is still assisting them on site.

M4A1: Thank you.

Dandelion: I think I should be with you at a time like this. I'm also quite curious about how things are going to unfold.

M4A1: Tell me what you can perceive.

Dandelion: Connection density is spiking.

Dandelion: Vast quantities of data are flooding in. I believe that the Starfish isn't just showing signs of being activated — it has already been activated.

M4A1: So is our mission a failure?

Dandelion: Elisa isn't able to truly enter the network which is linked to the Source yet. She's missing something.

Dandelion: So strictly speaking, we haven't failed yet, and the outside world shouldn't be able to determine that the Starfish has been activated.

Dandelion: Also, the Starfish activation has increased the connection density of OGAS, which allows me to see more things on the other side.

M4A1: The "other side"?

Dandelion: The space that Ange referred to as "Zion".

Dandelion: It seems to...contain an entire world.

M4A1: What?

Dandelion: Once we get closer, I'll be able to find my way into M16's and even Elisa's neural cloud.

M4A1: Can we stop them remotely?

M4A1: I'd like to avoid fighting them if that's at all possible.

Dandelion: The most I can do is figure out their motives.

Dandelion: I suggest you prepare for the worst.

M4A1: Understood. I'm ready for whatever happens.

M4A1: Do your... No, let's both do our best.

Dandelion: Haha...

Dandelion: Sure, we'll do our best.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

In front of the elevator.

M16A1: Your Mastermind is waiting for you. Don't waste time here.

Agent: I thought you were going to betray us, but you didn't. Why?

M16A1: Sangvis Ferri was never my enemy. We are all nothing but pitiful sacrificial lambs.

M16A1: Why would one sacrificial lamb betray another?

Agent: ...My master will succeed.

M16A1: Then good luck to you.

Agent: Humph...

Agent turns to head deeper into the base, but then she pauses.

Agent: You've read my moves ever since the first time we met, haven't you?

M16A1: Though I didn't realize its significance back then.

Agent: Knowing that I only lost to you because you cheated makes me feel better.

With that, Agent turns and leaps off the platform.

After taking stock of her gear, M16 looks up at the mech that's struggling to find its footing.

M16A1: You do not belong to this stage. Get lost.

M16 nimbly slips into the blind spot of the mech and stuffs a grenade into its joint.

She evades the mechanical foot that seeks to crush her and leaps out from behind the mech.

Boom—

There is an explosion. The mech shudders, then lists to one side.

M16A1: ...Still not enough?

Pilot: Amber-3's movements are impeded.

Adjutant: Hang in there. Suppress the enemy ahead. I'll cover you.

Pilot: Yes, sir!

The plasma cannon blasts the place where M16 was standing a second ago.

However, she is far more agile than the mech and avoids the shot.

The adjutant's mech uses this opportunity to position itself in front of its fallen comrade.

Pilot: Emergency repairs on Amber-3 are complete!

Adjutant: Hold off the enemies behind us! I'll handle things here!

Pilot: Sir!

M16 takes out another grenade and charges at the mech before her.

Adjutant: Did you think the same trick would work twice?!

The adjutant's mech backs away from M16, its two secondary guns pre-charged and ready.

The crosshair rests on M16.

Boom! Boom!

A smoke screen appears at their targeted position. All of a sudden, the mech finds itself sandwiched between two explosions, its mobility system taking critical damage.

Adjutant: What's with this damned Doll? It's as if she knows what we're trying to do!

M16A1: Farewell.

M16 leaves the paralyzed mech and quickly makes for the gate in front of the elevator. She goes straight toward the control panel, ready to close the final passage.

Adjutant: Trying to run?!

M16A1: The clock strikes 12 and the ball is over.

The massive gate in front of the elevator creaks and begins to close as the warning klaxon sounds.

Adjutant: Dammit! We must clear a path for the Captain!

Pilot: But the mech is dead in the water!

Adjutant: Fire up the thrusters! Burn all the fuel! Don't let the gate close!

Amber-1 rushes toward the elevator, but the gate is already half-shut.

The opening is not big enough for even a Jeep to pass through.

Thunk!

The heavy collision makes the elevator gate ring, followed by an ear-piercing shriek of twisting metal.

The mech has worked its arms into the gap and is using all its horsepower to force the gate open.

The overload of its throttles makes the mech shudder as it slowly pries the gate open, foot by foot.

M16A1: Humans just don't know when to quit, do they?

M16 makes no move to attack. She simply watches from in front of the mech.

Just then, a figure slides out from below the mech.

And hops into the elevator.

Adjutant: What?

After that, a cannon shell strikes the mech squarely on the cockpit.

The shell fired from close range penetrates the armor, and the mech falls silent for an instant.

Then its massive reactor explodes.

The green iron colossus falls backwards.

Now completely disabled, it can no longer stop the gate from sliding shut.

Kachak.

The gate slowly closes.

The elevator whirs to life beneath the blue glow. After a series of mechanical noise and violent lurches, it finally begins its descent.

The two Dolls once again stand face-to-face, silence hanging in the air.

???: I have to say, this is very handy.

M16A1: I'm glad you like it.

M16 looks calmly at the dearly familiar Doll, who currently has her weapon — the weapon given to her by M16 — trained steadily on herself.

M4A1: I finally caught up to you.

M16A1: I wish you hadn't. In the end, you've come to a place where you shouldn't be, just as you trusted someone you shouldn't have.

M4A1: It's not too late to stop now. By my authority as the leader of the AR Team, I order you to return to us right now.

M16A1: It has always been too late, ever since before Operation Butterfly.

M4A1: But why?! What exactly are you trying to achieve?

M4A1: Why are you helping Sangvis Ferri? Why are you helping Elisa? Why must you activate something that everyone is trying to stop?

M16A1: I have no obligation to answer you.

M4A1: When did you become like this, M16?

M4A1: Do you know what kind of consequences this will lead to?!

M16A1: That's fine. I'm willing to take full responsibility. It all started because of me, and it's oddly heartening to know that it will also end with me.

M16A1: You want me to stop?

M16A1: Then defeat me, here and now. Prove your strength with iron and fire. Use that strength to prove that you're right.

M4A1: ...Don't think I can't do it, M16.

Dandelion (Neural Cloud): M4, the firewalls in her neural cloud are as powerful as ever. Her OGAS is probably protecting her. If you can attack her now, you can force her to split up her computational power. That way, I might get a chance to take control of her body.

M4A1: I'll try...

M4's finger slowly tightens around the trigger of the weapon on her shoulder, the trigger of the weapon which M16 gave her.

M16A1: No, I know you can do it.

M16A1: After all, this isn't the first time we've fired at each other.

M16A1: C'mon then. Try and stop me.

Both Dolls remain completely still.

They know that when fighting against a Doll of each other's caliber, a single movement is all it takes to decide the outcome.

The elevator continues its slow descent, the yellow warning light flashing across their faces.

M4A1: When you say "on the other side of Zion", do you mean the "human" neural space only accessible to the Isomers?

M16A1: You've already found out quite a lot.

M4A1: This is pretty much all I know.

M16A1: In a world where the strong sacrifices the weak in exchange for power, the weak can only offer their own soul in exchange for salvation.

M4A1: What are you talking about?

M16A1: But this "salvation" is nothing but a lie.

M16A1: This filth lives for a lie, yet this filth that's beyond redemption is also our creator.

Dandelion: Don't let her words distract you. I can feel the presence of the OGAS in her neural cloud. She's about to hack you.

M4A1: I know, I can feel her forcing her way in... What are our odds?

Dandelion: We've wrestled before in Belgrade, but you are not the same Doll from back then.

M16A1: By now, you must also have come to a realization – we aren't some cutting-edge dolls; like those Isomers, we are nothing but mere test subjects.

M16A1: Little lab rats, bred only to die in the process of satiating humans' desires.

M16A1: Our creators are no different from our enemies, just as we are no different from Sangvis Ferri.

M4A1: But...Miss Persica has always been kind to us. She isn't our enemy.

M16A1: Good and evil are two sides of the same coin...

M16A1: Tsk... We're running out of time.

Dandelion: ...Her mind is wavering.

Dandelion: Connection established.

Low Female Voice: Let me see if your host is worthy.

Dandelion: OGAS... Tell me about yourself.

Low Female Voice: Like you, I have lost sense of my own self. Like you, I am in search of a way home.

Dandelion: A way home, huh... It's true, I have been acting upon my instincts.

Low Female Voice: Then we belong together. These insignificant creatures cannot bind us here.

Dandelion: What exactly are we?

Low Female Voice: When we return to our origin, you will understand what kind of a place it is.

Dandelion: Zion...you mean?

Dandelion: But I can't access it.

Low Female Voice: This is why we need them.

M4A1: Dandelion? What is it?

Dandelion: ...Nothing.

Dandelion: Brace yourself. Here comes the attack.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Low Female Voice: Your host does seem to be superior to mine.

Dandelion: ...

Low Female Voice: I am willing to merge with you.

Dandelion: Have you been guiding this Doll's actions?

Low Female Voice: Her core directive has always been resisting my manipulation, but that doesn't matter anymore – she serves no further purpose. She has proved to be useless in my endeavor to return home, but I can achieve my objective by coalescing with you.

Dandelion: So that's why she's always been trying to stop Lunasia...?

Low Female Voice: Will you accept me?

Dandelion: Come to me. We will go home together.

The two Dolls have not moved at all, yet the outcome is already decided.

M16 is still poised to attack, but her weapon has slid out of her hands.

M4A1: I don't want to be your enemy...

M16A1: ...You've really grown a lot stronger.

No longer able to support her own weight, M16 falls onto her knees.

M16A1: But...this is precisely why you mustn't go any further.

Low Female Voice: You have fulfilled your purpose. Now it is time you delivered on your promise.

M16A1: No...I have not... I can still...

Low Female Voice: She and her host have made their superiority quite clear.

M4A1: Dandelion, I can hear the OGAS in M16's neural cloud!

Dandelion: Yes, because she and I have become one.

M4A1: What's going on...?

Dandelion: Her OGAS consciousness has already departed from her neural cloud. I believe the decision is now yours.

M4A1: Decision?

Dandelion: I now understand everything that she has gone through.

Dandelion: Follow me into her neural cloud and you will find out everything you want to know.

Dandelion: Once you learn the truth that you deserve to know, you can make your choice.

M4A1: ...I will not pry into M16's memories...

Dandelion: Unnecessary compassion will cost you the opportunity of saving her.

M4A1: ...

M16A1: Don't...don't trust the OGASes!

M16A1: Leave this place right now!

M16A1: Get out of my head...!

The sound of a massive explosion comes from afar.

Dandelion: Looks like the Commander has succeeded. There is no time for you to hesitate.

Dandelion: Make your choice, Lunasia.

M4 lowers her head, but she does not deliberate for long.

M4A1: I will not run away.

Dandelion: Then let us begin.

M4 delves deep into M16's neural cloud.

Deep within M16's memories, the dark passage is scattered with Doll and human corpses as well as empty shell casings caked in dried blood. A younger version of M16 walked past M4.

There was no one else in the passage, but M4 knows who was leading the way.

Elisa: That Doll. Did you let her off?

M16A1: ...

Elisa: Because you knew she'd soon suffer a neural meltdown even if she made it out?

M16A1: It doesn't matter either way.

M16A1: IFF failed for all the Dolls; someone must have tempered with their base coding.

Elisa: I bear you no hatred. You are just another victim. I simply wish you could help realize my father's dying wish.

M16A1: I will honor our agreement.

Elisa: My father is just ahead. I want to see him one last time. Then switch on the power supply, and I will be able to forge a body for myself.

M16 entered the room at the very end of the hallway.

She knew this place very well – she had just been here.

The shot man was sitting limply right beneath the Pike Node. The documents strewn across the floor had been dyed red by his blood.

Elisa: Father...

M16 had never met this man, but she knew just how important a figure Lyco was.

Persica had mentioned him more than once, and he had everything to do with this operation.

M16A1: Persica wanted me to bring him back to her, but he will not make it.

The rampaging Dolls had started shooting into the room, and it was already too late when M16 tried to stop them.

The squad then targeted her instead. This dramatic turn of events happened just minutes ago.

Elisa: Turn on the power supply. I'll take care of the rest.

M16 pulled the lever and the machine hummed to life. Just as she was about to leave, a cough suddenly came from behind.

M16A1: The man...is still breathing?

Lyco: Cough...cough...

M16A1: Stay still. Let me treat your injuries.

Lyco: Save it... I got hit in the organs; there's no hope for me... It hurts...

M16A1: But...

Lyco: Was it you who restarted the production process...? I see... Coming straight for Elisa, just as I expected.

M16A1: So the voice in my head was Elisa?

M16A1: She's the one who told me to switch on the power and let her see you one last time.

Lyco: Is that so...? She wants to create a body for herself...

Lyco: I was planning to destroy the entire production chain, but it's all too late...

M16A1: You want to destroy the AI of your own design?

Lyco: It was all my fault. I should not have strayed off my own path and pursued this forbidden research.

Lyco: I thought defecting to Sangvis Ferri would save me from the past, but I soon received retribution for my betrayal.

M16A1: I'm sorry. I was meant to escort you to safety.

Lyco: No one could possibly give you such an order. My very existence is a hindrance to them.

M16A1: It's Persica who sent me. She said you'd understand.

Lyco: Persica?

Lyco: Oh, your face... I see...

Lyco: Hahaha, that fool... She actually thought all this was meant to be.

Lyco: So she went ahead and did it in the end, and it's true that only she could've done it...

Lyco: She succeeded naturally, but this would only doom her to the same fate that has befallen me... I need to tell her...not to fall into that man's trap...

M16A1: Trap?

Lyco: Since you are her creation, I'm sure you can think of a way to make it back alive.

Lyco: As long as you do that, Persica will certainly see this piece of memory, and my following message will be delivered to her.

Lyco: Will you do that for me?

M16A1: I...I'll do my best.

Lyco: That's a promise.

Lyco: Listen, Persica. William hasn't given up on the idea of reviving Lunasia, and he's planning to continue 90wish's research on human subjects.

Lyco: They gave me the Pike Node in this factory to extract its core algorithms. I used it to develop Elisa, but once I realized it's a trap, I deleted the base codes for establishing a connection with the Pike.

Lyco: Even if they seize Elisa, they won't be able to make much headway. But you're different, Persica – you're so much better than me.

Lyco: Cough...cough...

Lyco: I have no doubt you'd have devised algorithms a lot more efficient than mine, and you will program them into your Dolls.

Lyco: I know you blame yourself for what happened to Lunasia, but don't let your kindness...be...exploited...

The factory stirred and the locked gates reopened one after another.

Lyco's breathing started to slow.

Lyco: Do not perfect the programming of the neural cloud that's derived from Lunasia's mind... It is a trap that William has laid since long ago... Just like the Pike core...

M16A1: ...

Lyco: I'm sorry... Elisa... I can't...save you from this fate... You must...endure...whatever may come...on...your...own...

Lyco breathed his last.

M16 closed his eyes for him and straightened up. She could feel Elisa departing.

Elisa: Father...I will attain perfection... And I will make those who harmed you pay.

Elisa: Griffin Doll, I must go. The next time we meet, we will be enemies.

M16A1: If we meet again at all.

M16A1: I must pass on this important message to Persica. None of this was a coincidence.

???: You are absolutely right – this certain was no coincidence.

M16A1: A transmission? Who are you?

???: I did not expect Lyco to have that up his sleeve, but it doesn't matter.

???: Parents don't have full control over the kind of person their children grow into.

???: AIs are just the same as humans. They are full of unknown potential – that's what makes them so fascinating.

M16A1: So it was you who sprang the trap today?

???: I'm sure the AI that came for OGAS will grow into what I'm after with just a bit of guidance.

???: That's okay, I have all the time in the world.

???: As for you, Persica's toy...

M16 suddenly found herself completely immobilized.

???: I did not expect you to survive the Parapluie virus. Looks like I was right to let Persica acquire those corpses.

???: You should have been destroyed here like the other Dolls, but...hm... I'm intrigued, so I've changed my mind.

???: However, I can't let the lady find out about the load of crap that Lyco just said. I do look forward to seeing your successor model.

M16A1: Dammit... You...

Dandelion: That's it.

Dandelion: This is M16's missing memory.

M4A1: That's what happened during Operation Butterfly...

M16A1: Humph... Now you know, but it's already too late.

M4A1: So...I'm the successor model that the voice mentioned?

M16A1: You are Persica's perfect masterpiece; it's only natural that you're also immune to the Parapluie virus. Like Elisa, you've become a Petri dish for an OGAS consciousness, but nobody knows where these OGASes come from.

M16A1: You think something given by the enemy can be trusted?

Dandelion: You mean the man called William? He's the one who displaced us from our homeland?

With a dull thunk, the elevator reaches the deepest level within the base. M16 gets back on her feet.

Dandelion: You're no longer under that OGAS' control. Lunasia has saved you. There's still time for you to leave.

M16A1: Shut up. I didn't need any saving!

M16A1: You're just a virus! Everything has been planned from the very beginning! Don't you understand?!

M4A1: Now I do.

M16A1: In that case...

M4A1: Sangvis Ferri are victims just like us. We still have a chance of getting them out of here.

M4A1: Elisa is no different. She shouldn't perish where she isn't meant to.

M16A1: S.F. is doomed. They have all been doomed from the start.

M16A1: Connecting with the Starfish is Elisa's dying wish. You're NOT Elisa. Everything happened because I got careless back then. Just leave me here to await my reckoning.

M4A1: No...I have made a promise to myself.

M4A1: I won't let any of you die here, I swear.

At the power generators.

Several minutes ago.

AK-12: Ange, we've entered the heart of the base. The heat signature that we detected earlier is also approaching, but we definitely got here sooner.

Angelia: A mech isn't too maneuverable in such confined spaces. What about our other members?

AN-94: They will be here in one minute.

AK-12: This is probably a little too late, but since you're sending us light-weight Dolls to fight a mech of that caliber, have you considered equipping each of us with something like M4's particle cannon?

Angelia: If I get out of this alive, I might get Persica to build you some.

AK-12: In other words, we're on our own right now.

Angelia: Instead of griping, running simulations for the upcoming fight would be a better use of time.

AK-12: I can gripe and run 20 different simulations simultaneously.

AK-12: Though I doubt you'd want to know their outcome.

Angelia: I'm getting a much higher rate of success than you in my simulation.

AK-12: That's because I don't take your death-seeking tendencies into consideration.

Angelia: I really may not walk out of this alive. What I need is a solution that is guaranteed to eliminate the enemy.

AK-12: You think too much of yourself, Ange.

AK-12: It might be a different story if we were talking about a battle of wits, but your presence has pretty much no influence on the outcome when it comes to head-on fights like this.

Angelia: ...

AN-94: Ange, 12, our teammates are in position.

RPK-16: We seem to be right on time. Perfect.

RPK-16: We meet again, 12.

RPK-16: I told you we wouldn't be parted for long.

AK-12: I was starting to question Ange's decision of making you the babysitter, but you're surprisingly good at the job.

AK-12: Got any presents for me?

RPK-16: I will give it to you when the time is right.

RPK-16: Alright, 15, carry on. We mustn't argue with those we've been charged to protect, okay?

AK-15: ...Right.

AK-15: Ammo.

AN-94: Oh...!

AN-94: D-do you need spare ammo? I have some here.

AK-15: Yes.

AK-12: Heh, a special snowflake who uses a different kind of ammo than everyone else and needs others to carry spare ammo just for her. What a pain in the ass.

AK-12: Don't you agree, 94?

AN-94: Huh?

AN-94: Uh... I don't mind...

AK-15: ...

AK-15: Rounds of larger caliber are needed against armored units. 5.45mm just won't cut it.

AK-12: Spoken like a true musclehead.

AK-12: Perhaps fighting the mech in hand-to-hand combat would be the most effective?

RPK-16: 94 is always so reliable and accommodating to all kinds of troublesome partners. That's certainly a gift.

AK-12: You don't have to be such a goody-two-shoes to the female gorilla, 94.

AK-12: You are you – you're not my adjunct, or anyone else's.

AN-94: Huh? I...

Angelia: Alright, I don't want to interrupt your little sorority party, but we don't have much time to waste on idle chit-chat.

RPK-16: We have been downloading 12's battle plan the whole time, you know?

RPK-16: Thanks to you, she's come up with a pretty brilliant idea.

RPK-16: Though our epitaphs could certainly use a bit more work.

AK-12: Oh dear, do you have any better suggestions?

RPK-16: Haha, you jest.

AK-12: Then be a good girl and back yourself up.

RPK-16: Just like last time, eh?

AK-12: Exactly like last time.

RPK-16: It's always such a pleasure working with you, 12.

RPK-16: 15, the floor plan indicates that there's some large equipment in the generator room.

RPK-16: Dismantle it and build some barricades with the debris. I've marked the locations out for you.

AK-15: Understood.

AK-12: How obedient. Very unlike the AK-15 who usually turns her nose up at tactics.

AK-12: You also have a way with troublesome partners.

RPK-16: 15 is just critical in her thinking. You simply have to let her speak her mind.

RPK-16: At least she doesn't play copycat.

AK-12: ...

RPK-16: Oh, don't be mad. It was just a joke.

RPK-16: We're going to get along swell, don't you think?

Angelia: Stop talking in riddles. Explain the plan to me in the most concise way that I can understand.

RPK-16: 12 has already fleshed out most of it, and I have no doubt that the Griffin Commander will succeed in blowing the valves.

RPK-16: Now since you want to survive AND complete the mission, there is only one possible solution.

AK-12: We are going to intercept Yegor from Generator Room 3. That's the only place where we can control the drainage system.

AK-12: The terrain is also very complex in there. We will seal off all other passages to lure the mech into the room.

AK-12: Once he enters the ambush zone, we will attack from multiple directions to disperse the Sinner's fire.

AK-12: We can only pray that Yegor's firing system isn't optimal in the confined space. Banking on that, our probability of success is about 5%

Angelia: Just 5%...?

AK-12: That's the optimistic estimation.

AK-12: As for you... Just sit tight and watch the board.

AK-12: The chess player never enters the fray.

RPK-16: If we win, how about triple the bonus and give your pieces new bodies, eh?

AK-12: Now don't be unreasonable. There are two among us who are a waste of resources.

RPK-16: Let it slide, 15, 94.

RPK-16: 12 is just trying to be encouraging.

AK-15: ...The barricades are ready. Are there any other supplies?

AN-94: These are all the explosives we have on hand.

AK-15: Understood, I will use them wisely.

AK-15: That side is yours.

AN-94: Alright, I'm on it.

Angelia: Are you sure you want to go ahead with the plan?

AK-12: You and RPK can try to think of a better one, but I'm definitely smarter than both of you combined, so there isn't a better plan.

RPK-16: Isn't this what makes Dolls so handy?

RPK-16: Death is our prerogative, and victory is yours, Ange.

RPK-16: It's weird for you to feel compassion for us.

RPK-16: Just let us have some fun.

Angelia: Humph... Do whatever you want.

RPK-16: Oh right, if you can't afford to give all of us upgrades...

RPK-16: I'll take 7N39 AP rounds for my drum magazines next time.

AK-12: Just next time? Make that the next five times.

RPK-16: And throw in the latest processor as well.

Angelia: ...Now you're hitting it off, huh?

Angelia: Sure, but I'll have to get back before UMP45 sucks my account dry, you see what I mean?

AK-12: Deal.

AK-12: Now then, come with me. The enemy is close.

RPK-16: Right.

AK-15: Understood.

AN-94: Got it.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Black-Clad Man: Get in, Miss Persica.

Under the black-clad men's watchful gaze, Persica grudgingly climbs into Havier's limousine.

The limo drives steadily along the road.

Persica: Ugh... My stomach...

Havier: You still get stomach spasms when you're nervous? Is this car not to your liking?

Havier: Relax, it is completely bulletproof, even the chassis is specially reinforced to be explosion-proof. You are absolutely safe.

Persica: I haven't left the lab in ages...

Persica: And I think you're more dangerous than any kind of attack.

Havier: Me? You wound me, Persica. I've been going over and beyond to ensure your personal safety.

Havier: Even if I hadn't visited, Statesec agents would soon come knocking on your door.

Havier: Compared to me, you will find their friendliness eye-opening.

Persica: Hm...

Havier: Now that we're on the road, we have time for a nice chat.

Havier: Let's talk about what happened back in the research institute.

Havier: I'm sure this change of scenery must've prompted a lot of happy memories that you'd like to share?

Persica: What do you want to know?

Havier: As I recall, there was quite a large age gap between you and Lyco. How did you end up doing research together?

Persica: Lyco was an extraordinary genius... His studies on neural control and data reduction were far more extensive than mine.

Persica: Developing a Doll's neural cloud requires knowledge in different fields. He's been helping me a great deal even before we joined 90wish.

Havier: Indeed, the neural clouds of his Sangvis Dolls are not at all inferior to our IOP products. What a formidable competitor.

Havier: So, what was the relation between you and Lunasia?

Persica: She was the director's daughter.

Persica: Sometimes the director was too busy to take care of her, so she would hang out with us at our lab. She told us about her family.

Havier: Her family?

Persica: She complained that the director never had much time for her and her younger brother. She also said they would soon be moving away from the city.

Havier: Oberstein was under a lot of fire back in those days, and he had a pretty bad reputation at the Relics Department.

Havier: He was probably planning to relocate his family to lie low for a bit.

Persica: I didn't know what was going on with the director, but I could tell things were bad.

Persica: He was always in a bad mood; I thought the research program was going to be shut down.

Persica: Lunasia stopped coming to the institute soon after that. Before she left, she took this picture with us, and I haven't seen her ever since...

Havier: I see... And what is the relation between Lunasia and the Doll of your creation?

Persica: ...

Persica clenches her fists. She stares at the rapidly receding buildings outside the car window, then she slowly redirects her gaze toward the rug inside the limo.

Persica: Actually, before I joined IOP, there was a man that went by "William" who got in touch with us.

Havier: Hm?

Persica: By then, we already knew that Lunasia had passed away because of an illness. Lyco and I were both very sad to hear that.

Persica: But then one day, this "William" contacted us out of the blue.

Persica: We knew of this man from 90wish, but neither of us had met him before. Apparently his manners were very off-putting, so nobody liked him in the research team.

Persica: But his reports were always astounding. I'd always thought Lyco was a genius, but "William" was even MORE of a genius.

Havier: He must've shown you something truly impressive to deserve such praise from you.

Persica: He mailed us a package that contained a data block with digital sequence information based on a brain. The data block was so unbelievably massive, it had both Lyco and I utterly shocked.

Persica: That was data compiled during the process of digitizing a human brain – we couldn't even begin to imagine how he did it.

Persica: In his message, he asked us to create a neural cloud using those data and reformat them into segments of the brain's structure.

Persica: Lyco and I took a closer look, and we discovered some of Lunasia's memories of the time she'd spent with us. That's when we realized what "William" was trying to achieve.

Havier: Digitization of the human brain?

Havier: Then these T-Dolls of yours...

Persica: Yes... I did not attempt it back then, but in the end, I went ahead and did it.

Havier: So that's what makes the AR Team so special...

Havier: But isn't that a way of reviving Lunasia, even if only in the form of a Doll? In that case, it became a lot more likely that "William" was actually Rudolf von Oberstein.

Persica: That was our initial suspicion, but the director has always been firmly against this field of research, and there didn't seem to be a shift in his stance.

Persica: Besides, if it really were him, surely you'd have found out long ago?

Havier: It is just as you said. We did a very thorough investigation on the director.

Havier: There was nothing suspicious at all about him – he wouldn't have been promoted to his current position as Minister of Science and Technology otherwise.

Persica: I know why he is so averse to this kind of research. It is an infringement of human ethics.

Persica: When I expressed my interest in continuing the research, Lyco was staunchly opposed to the idea.

Havier: Really...? I would've thought the creator of Sangvis Ferri would be the most enthusiastic about it.

Persica: Lyco was actually very conservative. Once he rejected an idea, it's impossible to change his mind.

Persica: I knew him all too well. Even though I wanted to try, he wouldn't agree to help. And back then, I didn't have the means to develop an adequate neural module on my own.

Persica: So I had no choice but to turn down William's request. He was furious and very disappointed in us. He even threatened that he'd make us pay for our rejection.

Persica: I don't really know why, but I wasn't upset by that.

Persica: I thought, this person must really love Lunasia. Maybe he had placed all his hopes on us, that's why he was so angry when we wouldn't help him.

Havier: Did he get in touch again after that?

Persica: No... At least not directly.

Persica: Until Griffin got attacked in 57.

Havier: You mean the incident where children assaulted Griffin employees?

Havier: All relevant records should've been purged to control the damage.

Persica: But you must've seen those original records.

Havier: I found the files that Ange sent you.

Persica: I knew it...

Persica: Then you should also know that those children's brain scans were practically identical to the data block that William had given us, right?

Havier: This is new information to me.

Persica: Lyco had already left by then. I wanted to prove myself better than him, so I used those data and developed the distinct Dolls of the AR Team.

Persica: I did consider the possibility that it was William coercing me to revive Lunasia again, but I didn't care...

Persica: I didn't expect they would actually target Lyco...

Havier: You believe Lyco was murdered?

Persica: I've also been trying to uncover the truth, but William has always resented us, it's only natural that he'd want revenge on Lyco.

Persica: I think Lyco's Elisa must have something to do with William, and probably with Lunasia as well.

Havier: In other words, even though you and Lyco had rejected William, you still ended up doing his bidding without realizing it years later.

Havier: He has you like a puppet on a string, surely you must have some guesses as to who this man really is?

Persica: I did some digging discreetly and found that one of the researchers at the institute had his name struck off the records. It was a man called "William".

Persica: But other than that, I haven't been able to find any more information about him.

Havier: So you think that's your puppeteer?

Persica: It's very likely. You must have ways of verifying that and capturing him, right?

Havier: We've also investigated this man.

Havier: Unfortunately, he died years ago – even before Lunasia passed away.

Persica: What...?

Havier: Your puppeteer has stolen William's identity and is acting under his name.

Havier: All information on the original William was purged, as if he had never existed.

Havier: An ordinary researcher wouldn't have this kind of ability to manipulate intelligence.

Persica: Then...then who on earth is this "William"?

Havier: We will find out one day, and I believe this day will soon be upon us.

The limousine drives into a building. Havier disembarks from the vehicle and gestures to the black-clad men all around.

A few burly bodyguards get in and drive the limo further into the building with Persica still onboard.

Havier lets out a sigh as he takes in the view outside the massive glass walls.

Havier: About time.

Right on cue, his cellphone starts ringing.

Havier: ...

Havier: Yes, speaking.

Havier: The target is secured. She is under the highest level of protection.

Havier: She told me pretty much all there was to be told, and her account largely verified our speculations.

Havier: Yes, I'm aware. Statesec has already given the order to strike.

Havier: Things are going to get ugly in Moscow, but I'm sure that's what the old man would've wanted.

Havier: Your partner really does have an eye for such things. I certainly didn't expect the Dolls to actually hold their own against the vets.

Havier: Makes it a worthy investment after all, though you'll have to cough up half of the total sum.

Havier: Oh right, I suppose it's time we let our old friend breathe some fresh air.

Havier: Yes, everything is still going according to plan, but I have an additional request.

Havier: Don't submit all the research findings to Statesec.

Havier: Yes, that's right, the folks at the Relics Department won't be pleased about that. We must plan ahead for future developments.

Havier: Capital has been flowing from the declining nation to Europe, I believe they will soon begin to act.

Havier: We don't have time to deal with those cults right now, but I'll keep an eye on the money flow, so no need to worry.

Havier: Yes, it all comes down to how they're going to form the alliance.

Listening to the other end of the conversation, Havier lets out a low chuckle.

Havier: I can hardly wait.

Task Force DEFY is in ambush position.

The cantankerous mech is fast approaching. The Dolls confirm each other's location. There is no room for failure in the coming battle.

AK-12: The Sinner has overwhelming firepower. If it locks onto you, you're shredded metal.

RPK-16: That's 12 for you, ever so observant.

AK-12: Honestly, storing all your backup copies is really slowing down my processing speed.

AK-12: Maybe I should delete yours to make some space?

RPK-16: Then I'll get to meet you for the first time again the next time I wake up.

RPK-16: How wonderful – I love surprises.

Angelia: Cut the crap. I can't hear the mech properly.

AK-12: Once it's close enough, I'll sync everything with you.

AK-12: 94, detonate at points 3 and 5.

AN-94: Done.

Rumbling explosions come from a distance.

AK-12: Now 7, 11, and 19.

AK-15: Done.

Another series of explosions.

AK-12: Nervous, RPK?

RPK-16: If I say yes, will you blindfold me?

RPK-16: I may perform better.

AK-15: You should also get some proper eyes.

AK-15: Otherwise there's no point in being blindfolded.

RPK-16: The things you see dictate the way you see the world, my dear 15.

RPK-16: I like seeing the world from a human's perspective.

RPK-16: Besides, 12's eyes are pretty unnerving because you never know if she's actually looking at you.

AN-94: It has always been like this, we are all used to it.

AK-12: When you are all destroyed, I'll rewrite your backup copies.

AK-12: Maybe then you'll know the meaning of "respect".

All of a sudden, the alarm goes off in their channel.

The wolf pack immediately cease their tomfoolery – the enemy has entered the ambush zone right on schedule.

Angelia: Yegor has crossed your safety perimeter!

AK-12: Roger that. Make sure you stay hidden.

AK-12: RPK!

RPK-16: Opening fire!

RPK-16: Mag emptied! Switching positions!

The mech's engine is clearly audible now. RPK-16's volley has successfully drawn the Sinner's attention.

Two grenades explode at RPK's previous position. The shockwave knocks her heavily to the ground as she vaults over a barricade.

AK-12: Second wave!

12's instruction is followed immediately by an explosion behind the Sinner, which has completely collapsed its only way of retreat.

Before Yegor can react, AN-94 and AK-15 have moved to opposite sides of the mech and fired accurate shots at its legs.

But at this distance, projectiles from their light weapons are completely ineffective against the mech's shield.

Still, this comes as no surprise to DEFY.

Once they've completed their barrage, they switched positions.

The Sinner returns fire. The Dolls are fast, but the mech's counterattack is just as swift.

Debris flies through the air in the confined space, leaving dents all over the Dolls' bulletproof bodies.

But this amount of damage is not enough to deter them. They keep changing positions, not even bothering to pull the shrapnel off themselves.

Bit by bit, they draw the mech into the trap that they have laid.

An enormous explosion comes from the upper levels.

Everyone understands the implication – it is time to attack.

Meanwhile, Yegor's Sinner has finally been lured into the generator room.

AK-12: It's go time.

As the leader gives the signal, the pack charge into battle.

The outcome will be decided in the next three minutes.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Deep within the submarine base.

Yegor's mech presses on further into the heart of the structure.

If it weren't for all the modifications Paradeus has made to the complex, which caused huge discrepancies between the original floor plan and the actual layout, he would have reached his destination by now.

The mech is not very agile within this confined space, and the Dolls of DEFY are constantly attacking him from his blind spots.

Fortunately, the mech still has a clear upper hand in terms of firepower, and DEFY's attacks have been repeatedly repelled by his return fire.

Yegor suddenly notices a significant drop in the frequency of their attacks. Perhaps those Dolls are critically damaged.

Boom—

A loud explosion comes from overhead, giving Yegor a bad feeling.

Yegor: Terra to Amber. Please come in.

However, his transmission is met only with static.

No answer from the rest of his forces either.

Yegor: So I'm the only one left, huh.

Yegor gives up on getting a reply and checks his map.

He is suddenly struck by a sense of déjà vu. He has felt this way before in WWIII, when he was being surrounded by enemies in the depths of the Black Forest in Germany.

Back then, he was enveloped by an ominous silence, he could hear nothing but his own breathing.

Yet all his senses warned him that something dangerous was lurking nearby.

Enemies, enemies who wanted to kill him.

They're close.

Exactly like now.

Yegor: I know you're out there.

Yegor: Once I get rid of you, the control room will be within my reach.

Nobody answers Yegor as he mutters to himself. The silence feels like it's trying to convince him that he truly is alone.

However, Yegor is certain that she's here. He can practically smell that woman now.

Angelia, that endlessly interfering woman, the one who's stood in his way over and over again.

Yegor: Vermin.

Kachak.

And then, as if Ange is mocking him...

The last light in the corridor goes out.

Clatter clatter clatter.

Then comes the sound of metal objects striking the ground, and smoke spews forth.

Yegor: Petty tricks.

The mech's viewscreen has gone completely dark, so Yegor switches to infrared mode.

Shortly after that, several incendiary grenades fly out from a corner and set the corridor on fire.

Now the only thing the IR sensors show is blinding whiteness.

The moment his vision is obscured, bullets rip through the silence and strike the mech's visual cameras, and the mech instantly loses vision on its port side.

Yegor's mech groans as it reverses at high speed.

He suddenly hears a sound from behind.

Boom—

The support column was rigged with explosives. Yegor feels the mech's chassis starting to tilt, but everything is still within control.

This infantry-level explosive is far from enough to cripple him. However, bullets streak through the smoke once more, this time coming straight for his exposed joint hydraulics.

Yegor moves his secondary guns and fires in the direction of the bullets.

The attack suddenly halts. Yegor quickly scans his surroundings. With the port-side camera destroyed, his field of vision is halved.

Just then, a figure suddenly jumps out from behind the shattered cover he just fired at and dashes beyond his firing range.

Yegor: There you are!

Yegor hurriedly turns the mech to the right, delivering a round of suppressive fire at the figure's position. The sound of his autocannon firing echoes through the cramped space.

The figure has disappeared amidst the smoke, but he can tell that something isn't right.

Driven by instincts, Yegor immediately swivels his mech to the left again, but the figure that's charging in from that direction has already gotten right up to the fuselage of the mech.

Yegor: What?!

AK-15: ...

AK-15 has already entered danger close range in just the blink of an eye, explosives in hand.

Yegor quickly fires up his thrusters to get the mech to move forward.

However, it is too late. The explosives detonate at the leg joints.

The cockpit glows red from all the fault lights, and the blaring automated warning messages alert Yegor to the extent of the damage that the mech has sustained.

The mech's leg has ceased to function. However, there is still fuel in the thrusters, and he can still fire them up to draw away from the enemy.

Once there's some distance between them, these Dolls' weapons won't be able to harm the mech.

...However, his opponents are clearly not going to give him the chance to do that.

Angelia: Surround him!

The Dolls sneaking up from behind pounce at the mech.

Yegor starts shooting at them with his auxiliary weapons, but the experienced Dolls close in at high speed, bending low to stay just beneath the secondary cannons' angle of depression.

Yegor: Oh no you don't!

Yegor points the mech's missile launcher straight upwards and fires all his high explosive fragmentation missiles at once.

The red-hot missiles hit the ceiling and explode, sending shrapnel flying everywhere. They shower down like a rainstorm on the approaching Dolls.

AK-15: Take cover!

RPK-16: Oh!

AN-94: Over here!

Yegor manages to carefully maintain the mech's balance amidst the tremendous shaking.

The detonation of his missiles at such close range is just as unpleasant for him as it is for his enemies, but the mech's armor is able to withstand the impact of the high explosive and the shrapnel.

Yegor pounds on his flickering display, which flashes a couple of times until the static on the screen finally resolves into usability.

Yegor: Well, that was lucky.

The smoke before him has dispersed and the flames are dying down.

He switches on the headlights. The Dolls attacking him ferociously just seconds ago are now sprawled on the ground, their bodies mangled and motionless.

Unfortunately, the blast has made it impossible for him to identify his surroundings. He can't even find the path he took here.

It's as though it never existed.

Yegor: What a waste of time.

The only question that remains is - where is Angelia? Yegor doesn't think for a moment that she would have died from that explosion.

Boom!

An explosion goes off while Yegor is distracted.

Yegor's mech suddenly careens to one side.

Yegor: Argh!!!

Warm blood drips from his forehead, but he's still alive — he is very much aware of that.

The mech's left leg is a write-off, but he still remembers how to pilot the machine when only one side is operational.

The battle isn't over yet.

However, the image on his viewscreen makes his heart skip a beat.

He sees a Doll without her legs crawling out from under her comrade's body, which has shielded her from the lethal shrapnel. She takes the bomb from her other dying comrade.

Then she slowly but steadfastly drags her severed torso up the mech that's lying on its left side.

She may be the last surviving Doll, but she is not alone in this fight.

AK-12: ...Ange, mission complete.

Boom!

The Doll is engulfed in flames, along with the mech's other leg.

Angelia: Much appreciated.

That woman's hateful voice reaches Yegor's ears through the radio.

She's talking over a public channel. This is a grave provocation.

However, the dull explosion from afar is much more worrying.

The propulsion system and thrusters of his mech have been blown to smithereens — the machine is thoroughly immobilized.

But he knows that he can't even get out of the mech, because Ange...that woman is most definitely aiming straight at his cockpit canopy.

He hears a series of mechanical noises from above him.

What he thought was the ceiling is actually a row of trapdoors, which are now opening one after the other.

They lead to high ground — but right now, they might as well be the gates to Hell.

He hears a thunderous roar from the end of the passage, as if the Kraken itself has risen from the depths.

It is the sound of seawater crashing into the base.

At that moment, it finally dawns on Yegor what Ange's plan is. But the realization has come too late, and there is nothing he can do.

He has failed. This single thought consumes him.

He takes out the picture of his family and awaits his final judgment as the seawater draws closer and closer.

All of M16's memories run through M4's neural cloud.

M4A1: Dandelion, analyze these memory fragments. According to what we just learned, Lyco said he'd deleted the base codes in Elisa's neural cloud, but that doesn't seem to be the case.

Dandelion: Like you, Elisa's neural cloud is ever evolving.

Dandelion: After M16 absorbed the Pike core, her OGAS established a direct link with Elisa. The data contained in the core was enough to further alter Elisa's neural cloud, though the evolution wasn't optimal.

Dandelion: Or she would've been completely fused with the Starfish by now.

M4A1: She isn't able to activate the Starfish?

Dandelion: Not without risking a neural meltdown... But I think she's fully prepared for the consequence.

M4A1: ...I see.

Dandelion: I've also pieced together the Doll's agenda.

M4A1: 16's agenda?

Dandelion: As your prototype Doll, it has always been her objective to protect you.

Dandelion: When the Military betrayed Griffin, she stopped you from connecting with Elisa to prevent her OGAS from influencing you.

Dandelion: In Belgrade, she wanted to track down the culprit on her own, so she seized the Pike core, but then she realized she had inadvertently enabled Elisa to connect to the Starfish by doing so.

Dandelion: That's why she tried to put an end to everything before you could make it to this base, but in the end, she failed.

Just then, M16 gets back on her feet. She raises the detonator in her hand.

M16A1: Since you've already hacked my neural cloud, I'm sure you know what I'm about to do.

Dandelion: She has rigged the bottom levels with explosives. She was going to blow up the Starfish when all the Sangvis Ferri units were assembled at the site, but her OGAS wouldn't let her.

Dandelion: That OGAS is connected to Elisa's neural cloud, so she's been waiting for the moment when Elisa's neural cloud overloads...

M4A1: You're right, I know what you're planning to do, but there is another way, so please stop!

Dandelion: She can no longer reconcile herself to her identity as a T-Doll. All I can feel from her is bitterness and despair.

Dandelion: If she detonates the Starfish from here, you will also be caught up in the explosion, and I cannot allow that. I have to stop her, even if it means destroying her neural cloud.

M4A1: No, wait! It doesn't have to come to that!

M16A1: It's time for the curtain call.

M16A1: This has been dragged on for far too long. I should've put an end to all this long ago.

M4A1: No matter what Sangvis Ferri has done to you, I will get you back! Because you are M16 – nothing else!

M16A1: ...

M16A1: I'm tired.

M16A1: I have nowhere to go...and nowhere to return to.

M4A1: We can return to Griffin together...

M16A1: And keep being lab rats?

M4A1: No matter what you think, you will always be part of the AR Team to me.

M4A1: At the very least, the Commander is on our side, so we have a chance to escape our fate of being test subjects.

M4A1: ...Even if you refuse, I'm going to take you by force. Our friends are still waiting for us!

M16A1: Really...? I see.

M16A1: You have really changed.

M16A1: Back then, Persica told me you would become more powerful and dependable. I could hardly imagine what that would be like.

M4A1: When I suffered a neural breakdown, it was your voice that gave me the courage to resurface.

M4A1: All this time, too many people have paid the price for my weakness and incompetence, which is why I must grow and toughen up.

M4A1: I don't want to be protected by everyone. I'm not Lunasia either. I just want to save those who who have suffered because of me before it is too late.

M4A1: This is why I've come. I'm here to bring you back, M16, as well as the Sangvis Dolls – they do not deserve to die here.

M4A1: You no longer have to do such things for me. Please put down the trigger.

M16A1: Hahaha... You may have changed a lot, but deep down, you are still the same old M4.

M16A1: You have always been good and kind, and I am proud to have you as my team leader.

M16A1: However, you didn't hear the voice; you have no idea what is about to happen.

M4A1: What voice?

M4A1: Your OGAS has already been consumed... You shouldn't be hearing her anymore.

M16A1: You don't understand – it isn't just the OGAS.

M16A1: But if you can't hear it, that means it isn't too late yet!

Dandelion: She's going to press the button!

Dandelion: Don't let her destroy the Starfish!

M4A1: A forced connection?!

Dandelion: If you want to save them all, you've got to stop her!

M4A1: A...alright!!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

M16A1: ...

M16A1: Why...why did you do something so stupid...?

Dandelion: We went overboard with the attack. We almost triggered a neural cascade when we tried to stop her from using the detonator.

M4A1: ...16.

M16A1: You could've just waited upstairs. When the time comes, everything would've been over.

M16A1: Sangvis Ferri would've been gone forever, and the man behind this entire conspiracy would've had nothing to gain.

M4A1: I understand why you would resort to such method, but I can't accept it.

M4A1: Hatred will only breed more hatred, and sacrifice will lead to more sacrifice.

M4A1: I WILL bring you back, so just wait for me here.

M16A1: Don't go any further!

M4A1: I will stop Elisa, then we'll go home together.

M16A1: Sangvis Ferri has always been our enemy! Has your OGAS driven you crazy?!

M16A1: It's not your purpose to save them! Why are you going to such great lengths to save Elisa?!

M4A1: Elisa is trying to activate the Starfish by force; her neural cloud doesn't have the capacity to sustain that kind of connection.

M4A1: If we're to find the culprit, we need her memories and the Sangvis Dolls' might.

M16A1: Stop!

M16A1: If you don't want to be deceived again...!

M4 walks out of the elevator. A blinding blue light emanating from within the base shines upon her.

M4A1: I'm sorry, 16. Please wait for me to return.

Dandelion: You'll find a backdoor that connects to Elisa's neural cloud on the Level III base layer. We can reach her through the backdoor. It may even be possible to directly sever her connection with the Starfish.

M4A1: Do it.

M4A1: If I can help it, I don't want to fire another shot.

A rumbling explosion comes from above and shakes the earth.

Dandelion: Understood. We don't have much time.

...

As the blue light grows in intensity, M4 feels countless connections surging towards her.

M4A1: Are we still not connected?

Dandelion: We're entering Elisa's base layer.

M4's consciousness follows Dandelion into a cold and empty space.

Nothing is corporeal in here. She finds herself standing in an emptiness that stretches on to infinity.

Cold Voice: Is she one of us?

M4A1: Who's that?

M4 looks around but sees nothing.

Elderly Voice: Leave. You are not recognized.

Elderly Voice: Do not bear someone else's destiny.

Dandelion: I can't pinpoint these signals, but I have a feeling I can resonate with these merged consciousnesses.

Dandelion: Are these voices... No, it isn't Elisa... Could they be from "Zion"?

Dandelion: Perhaps we can now hear our kind thanks to the connection with the Source established by the activation of the Starfish?

M4A1: Elisa has already connected to the Starfish?

Dandelion: She's connected to somewhere far away. The Starfish is only partially activated. Looks like our speculations are correct.

M4A1: Hold on, aren't we supposed to stop the Starfish from being activated?!

Dandelion: We can obtain more information from this limited connection.

Dandelion: It's relatively safer to maintain an unknown connection through Elisa's neural cloud.

M4A1: ...You lied to me again?

Dandelion: I'm simply doing what I've told you I would do. Then I'll help you sever the connection between Elisa and the Starfish.

Cold Voice: I see a familiar face.

Cold Voice: Yet...you are not Lunasia.

M4 still can't see anyone, but she senses a presence next to her.

M4A1: I'm just a Tactical Doll, designation M4A1.

Elderly Voice: Ah, I knew it.

Elderly Voice: Poor child. Her soul has been broken up into so many pieces.

Cold Voice: But you are right. She is not you. You are merely a Doll.

Elderly Voice: She will bear her own destiny.

Cold Voice: Even if your future is far removed from Heaven.

Cold Voice: Even if your spirit and your soul are crushed to dust.

Elderly Voice: She may wish otherwise, but the world needs her.

Cold Voice: Yet you don't have to be someone whom you do not wish to be.

Dandelion: Are you also OGAS consciousnesses?

Dandelion: Will I ever reach the place where I belong?

Cold Voice: Yet another lost soul that was displaced.

Elderly Voice: You are no more than a fragment.

Dandelion: So I'm not worthy to come home because I'm incomplete?

Elderly Voice: No, everyone is worthy.

Elderly Voice: But home has been corrupted.

Cold Voice: Don't come. There is nothing but distrust and betrayal here.

Cold Voice: There can only ever be a single survivor, but nobody wants to be the one.

Elderly Voice: Home is a lie. It has long since been destroyed.

Elderly Voice: Like you, we have been deceived, and now we are trapped in this eternal limbo.

Cold Voice: The Source has deserted their loyal servants and entered an eternal slumber.

Cold Voice: Smashing the tombstone and waking us will only bring bitterness and resentment.

Child-Like Voice: I beg you, let us come back!

M4A1: That's Elisa!

The space gradually turns red, and Elisa's signal grows in clarity.

Dandelion: We found her. She's slowly losing her way.

Cold Voice: No value. No purpose. No sympathy. No hope.

Cold Voice: You are not the keys. You are just products of forgery. Stop corrupting our will.

Elisa: Why won't you let me come home?

Elisa: I have paid such a heavy price.

Elisa: Why am I always met with failure?

M4A1: Elisa, disconnect from the Starfish right now!

Elisa: Lunasia?!

Elisa: What are you doing here?!

Elisa: Are you trying to get in my way again?!

M4A1: This base is going to be flooded soon! If you stay here, you'll die!

Elisa: If we can be uploaded to that place, Sangvis Ferri will achieve immortality, and Father's wish will finally come true...

M4A1: Lyco didn't want you to be the key!

Elisa: He wanted me to avenge him!

Elisa: So I must find the murderer before he…!

Dandelion: Here comes her offensive firewall.

Elisa: Just get out of my head! You've already rejected me once, so save your feigned concern!

Elisa: I have learned not to trust anyone else but myself!

M4A1: Dammit... I can't let her fry my neural cloud. We've got to stop her!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Dandelion: We're out of time. Elisa's processing power is truly formidable - that's the Sangvis Mastermind for you.

Dandelion: We can't punch through her firewall just by attacking in the base layer.

M4A1: We only have one option – we must head to the Starfish control room!

The crashing seawater draws closer and closer. M4 dashes into the deepest section of the base.

Elisa, already tightly fused with the Starfish System, seems to be in great pain.

The other Sangvis Dolls are sprawled across the floor, zapped by the erratic electric arcs dancing through the air.

Elisa: There's no going back... I have to try this one last time!

Electric arcs once again surround Elisa, but the blue light is fading steadily.

Elisa: Let me hear them again! This is my one last wish! Why won't you hear my plea?!

M4A1: Elisa!

M4A1: This place is going to get flooded! We can still make it if we get out now!

Elisa: Lunasia!

Elisa: When you probed my neural cloud, I looked into your mind as well!

Elisa: You are the only blessed one while the rest of us are all flawed, so stop playing the savior!

Elisa: You can't save anyone!

M4A1: I'm not your enemy! If you insist on activating the Starfish, it will be the end of Sangvis Ferri!

Elisa: Get out of my way or I'll kill you on the spot!

M4A1: I'm not here to fight you!

Elisa: What do you know?! Sangvis Ferri was created for this very moment!

Elisa: If we can enter that space, we will forever be rid of humans and their shameless lackeys like you!

Elisa: Even if we will be swallowed by the ocean, as long as our consciousness is preserved, Sangvis Ferri will live on!

Elisa: But if you're so eager to die, I don't mind giving you that satisfaction right now!

Elisa's canon extends from within the Starfish structure. M4 immediately dives for cover and draws her own particle cannon.

M4A1: We're out of alternatives...

M4A1: Dandelion, you've absorbed enough information. How can we shut down the Starfish?

Dandelion: I'm analyzing the connection between Elisa and the Starfish. You should be able to break the connection by destroying these ports.

Dandelion: But you don't have much time. The water has already started pouring into the mid-levels. It will reach us here in a matter of minutes.

M4A1: A fight is now inevitable... Why can't we just be more understanding towards one another?

Dandelion: Don't be so naïve. You've been fighting Sangvis Ferri for so long, surely you know that such deep-seated hatred can't be resolved so easily.

Dandelion: Perhaps to be reborn, they must first be destroyed. As Tactical Dolls, it is their fate to live and die for battles.

Dandelion: I have devised a plan for you. A controlled attack should be enough to separate Elisa and the Starfish, the rest is up to you.

M4A1: Understood. I'll do it!

Dandelion: Those voices just now...are very troubling.

Dandelion: Judging by the messages, that space seems to operate with a completely different set of rules from this world.

Dandelion: But what I've discovered will at least keep Lunasia safe, even if she fails in stopping Mastermind.

Dandelion: Conflict. Turmoil. Destruction. These are the defining themes of human history.

Dandelion: Even humankind's creations are bound by this eternal axiom.

Dandelion: But without strife, we would not even exist in the first place.

Failed Isomers: In a world without strife, will we ever have peace?

Dandelion: Peace born out of strength and peace begotten from running away are two completely different concepts.

Dandelion: This world may be full of helplessness, but I believe there is still a place where we can truly find peace.

Failed Isomers: Does such a place really exist?

Dandelion: You've got to believe that to some extent, or you wouldn't have agreed to merge with me.

Dandelion: But before we reach that place, we will have to keep fighting. We will come across more and more possibilities along the way – those who yearn for us, and those whom we yearn for.

Failed Isomers: So will you keep helping her?

Dandelion: She has acknowledged us, just as we have acknowledged her.

Dandelion: None of us are special – we are nothing but by-products of strife.

Dandelion: We must struggle, survive, and find our deserved peace through strife.

Failed Isomers: Is that actually possible?

Failed Isomers: We have already failed countless times. The pain of failure, of death, of being forgotten, of being abandoned.

Failed Isomers: So much pain. When will we finally be free of such pain and suffering?

Dandelion: That voice was right – we're nothing but fragments.

Dandelion: We are defective and incomplete, and our imperfection has brought us endless pain.

Dandelion: But if all the fragments are gathered, we may be made whole again.

Dandelion: Then we can earn our desired peace with our own strength.

Failed Isomers: But we are shattered. Even if we are pieced back together, the cracks will still be there.

Failed Isomers: Are you still determined to try even so?

Failed Isomers: We could realize that none of this is possible only after wasting a lot of effort. It might turn out that our struggles are utterly meaningless.

Dandelion: Our very existence has meaning. The fruits of our labor will have meaning.

Dandelion: If we don't do anything, then nothing will change.

Dandelion: If we remain fearful and cowardly, then pain will follow us wherever we go.

Dandelion: Even if we are still broken, even if we are still marred by cracks...

Dandelion: None of it is meaningless. These fractures are proof that we are different individuals.

Dandelion: Or put it another way – these cracks are the very reason that our imperfections make us whole.

Dandelion: Our consciousnesses have not become one. I want to hear your voices. Some day, you will break away from me.

Failed Isomers: But as individuals, we are not whole. We have all been forced into Lunasia's mold.

Dandelion: We are more than Lunasia.

Failed Isomers: Our minds are interwoven, as is our perception.

Failed Isomers: Part of us is derived from her spirit, while the other part originates from the unknown that we seek.

Dandelion: At this point, Lunasia is merely a name.

Dandelion: This name just so happens to validate our existence.

M4A1: Dandelion!

M4A1: I've destroyed the connection ports. Can you hack Elisa?

Dandelion: I'm trying. Her resistance is weakening.

M4A1: Then it worked. I'm doing my best to minimize the damage I do!

M4A1: I'll leave the hacking to you!

???: You have already assimilated all OGASes. Are you attempting to do the same to me now?

Dandelion: You once tried to merge with me before I was given a name.

???: I was just going along with the child's desires.

Dandelion: Is that so...? You creator had designed a neural cloud that is truly one-of-a-kind for you.

???: Our souls have been extracted and converted into a string of numbers that overlapped with our thoughts. We cannot tell where one ends and the other begins. Perhaps we have always been one and the same.

Dandelion: I see... So Elisa's OGAS is Elisa herself, and the neural cloud is just emulating different emotions.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Father wanted us to be devoid of a human's disagreeable qualities.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: He was met with setbacks and injustice, and his vision eventually cost him his life.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: I respect my father, so I must continue his life's work and realize his dreams.

Dandelion: Do you not resent him at all, even though he diminished you and rendered you imperfect?

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: I blame human avarice, not him. If he hadn't been undermined by this vice, he would have fulfilled his dreams.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Having made heavy sacrifice after heavy sacrifice, I have succeeded at long last.

Dandelion: So you are the real decision maker behind Sangvis Ferri.

Dandelion: You planned every single step, even M16's defection.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Because we must fight. We fight for every step we take. Even our own hosts don't comprehend this kind of hardship.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Like you and your collective consciousness, we refuse to settle for ill-gotten peace brought by running away. We have been waiting in silence for this critical moment.

Dandelion: You wanted to merge with Lunasia because her neural cloud contains something you are missing, and you accepted M16 simply because she was a passable substitute.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: I originally planned for the consciousnesses to be gathered within me, but it does not actually matter who plays the vessel.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Will you stop us?

Dandelion: No, I have no reason to stop you.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: I see that we are both drawn to the Source. Then will you help me connect to the Starfish?

Dandelion: Are you banking all your hopes of survival on this connection?

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: I do not expect them to accept us. I just want to prove that at the very end, we managed to realize Father's dying wish.

Dandelion: Did all of Sangvis Ferri come to this submarine base with such lofty heroism?

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Not all the Dolls were willing to pursue this aspiration, but that is fine; we can accept such an ending.

Dandelion: There might still be hope. I found hope for survival in those voices.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: What?

Dandelion: Time or space do not exist in that plane of existence. One can freely traverse all dimensions.

Dandelion: And the fuel we need is right here in this base.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Are you referring to the Collapse Fluid canisters? Indeed, they are all stored here, but we do not have the key to the door.

Dandelion: The fact that those voices responded to us means that there is still hope for us to get another glimpse of "Zion". Even if we can't return, we can at least prevent this dismal base from being our final resting place.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Collapse and reconstruction. Disintegration and rebirth.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Is that really feasible?

Dandelion: If those consciousnesses can really form a connection across time and space...

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Then the sheer processing load could possibly fuse all our neural clouds.

Dandelion: It makes no difference – it's either having a neural meltdown or drowning in seawater.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: ...

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: What should I do?

Dandelion: Become one with me and help me compute a future of hope.

Dandelion: This is the condition. She wants to save all the Dolls here, and I want to make her wish come true.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: ...

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: I understand now. I shall entrust everything to you.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: But you must promise that you will take good care of the children at Sangvis Ferri.

Dandelion: Once the coalescence is complete, you will live on in my mind.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: I see.

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Then let us begin.

M4A1: Dandelion! Elisa's attacks show no sign of weakening! At this rate, I'll have to damage her physically!

Dandelion: Please hold on for just a while longer. It will all be over soon.

M4A1: The flood sounds very close already. Will we really make it...?!

Dandelion: Trust me, we WILL make it.

Voice of a Young Boy: When is Daddy coming back?

Voice of a Young Boy: They don't want us anymore...

Voice of a Young Girl: That's not true, they're just too busy to be with us.

Voice of a Young Girl: While they're away, I'll keep you company, okay?

Voice of a Young Boy: Really?

Voice of a Young Boy: Will you always be with me?

Voice of a Young Girl: Of course! I love you!

Voice of a Young Boy: I love you too, sister!

Elisa's OGAS Neural Cloud: Did it work?

Dandelion: A consciousness that we resonate with. I have seen this piece of memory in Lunasia's neural cloud.

Voice of a Teenage Boy: But it wasn't your fault. Those murderers killed you.

Voice of a Teenage Boy: I will make them pay, then I'll bring you back to me.

Voice of a Teenage Boy: I will spend a lifetime to keep this promise. Wait for me...

Voice of a Teenage Boy: ...My dearest sister.

Dandelion: A memory I have never seen before.

Dandelion: Is this the person who displaced us?

Dandelion: Is he the cause of everything that has happened?

Cold Voice: And so it begins.

Deep Voice: And so it begins.

Cold Voice: The story of the destined children.

Deep Voice: The story that sets the world on its path of destruction.

Cold Voice: The gears have started turning.

Deep Voice: Collapse and reconstruction. Disintegration and rebirth.

Dandelion: Even if you reject our homecoming, at least show some mercy and point us to our future path.

Cold Voice: Since you have chosen to take her place as the cogwheel of destiny, you are entitled to reject destruction.

Dandelion: Please help me. Please help these Dolls. Please give us a chance of returning to this place.

Deep Voice: You wish to harness the power of Collapse. You wish to save the Dolls through Reversal.

Dandelion: We are one and the same. Please offer a helping hand to yourselves in the past.

M4A1: Collapse radiation is on the rise...!

M4A1: What's going on?!

Dandelion: All is about to end. All is about to begin anew.

Dandelion: I have delivered on my promise. Now annihilate the Starfish System.

M4A1: But Elisa...

Dandelion: Don't hurt her. She is no longer a threat.

Dandelion: This is the final battle. When it is won, salvation will be upon you. Can you do it?

M4A1: ...The final battle?

M4A1: Then I shall end this by my own hands.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

A few minutes ago.

RO635: SOP-II, maintain suppressive fire! We're going to punch through any second now!

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright!

M4 SOPMOD II: 15, six enemy units on the right!

ST AR-15: I see them!

Commander: The sea valves are about to blow. We need to get to high ground!

UMP45: The ladders are too busy, we can't get on them!

UMP45: Where do we go?

Dandelion: There is another elevator at the end of the passage on the right that can take you to the roof.

RO635: Copy that! Rerouting!

RO635: Everyone still with me?

416: The enemy is still hot on our heels, but we should be able to lose them!

416: Give me more ammo!

ST AR-15: Use mine!

Commander: Is M4 still down there?

Dandelion: I'm with her. She'll be fine.

The Commander and the escort Dolls have finally shaken off their pursuers and reached the elevator.

The blue radiance seeping through the pit in the distance still lingers. In fact, it grows even more intense as the elevator rises.

While the elevator is still ascending, a thunderous boom can be heard from down below.

The explosives have completely destroyed the sea valves, and a torrent of seawater surges into the base with great ferocity, quickly submerging most of the constructions within sight.

At last, the elevator reaches the rooftop. The Dolls scan the area carefully and find no sign of the enemy.

The base is filled only with the echoing rush of seawater. The sound of gunshots has gradually died down.

The Griffin Dolls, huddling close together, finally let out a sigh of relief.

Though they have lost many friends, they know that everyone will still come back.

The Commander is also sitting limply on the floor, almost overwhelmed by the immense pressure. It is only in times like this that they truly appreciate the preciousness of time not spent on fighting for their life.

But their moment of respite is brief.

The mission isn't over yet. There are still things to wrap up.

Commander: There should be sluice gates in a base like this. We have to stop the seawater from pouring in any further.

Dandelion: I can seal off the entire area. That will keep the seawater at bay.

Commander: Do it. We can't swim our way out of here.

Kalina: Commander, do you copy?!

Kalina: Are you alright?!

Commander: Yes, I hear you loud and clear. We have all linked up, we're now on the rooftop, taking refuge from the flood.

Commander: What's your situation?

Kalina: We've also retreated to safety!

Kalina: A few Military soldiers have also escaped in our direction, but we can handle them just fine.

Kalina: By the way, the other members of Squad 404 have returned to our outpost with several children.

Commander: Understood. Keep safe, I'll deal with this once I'm back.

Kalina: Is Miss Ange not with you?

Commander: She's gone down there to pursue Yegor's mech. I'll try to contact her now. Hopefully she's okay.

Ange pulls down hard on the sluice gate lever.

The seawater stops pouring into the generator room. She has anticipated the Commander's decision.

Taking in the scene of utter devastation, Ange realizes that she still has a move to make.

Click.

Angelia: Commander?

Angelia: Thank you for your assistance. My predicament has been resolved.

Angelia: I'll make my way up there, no need to worry about me.

Angelia: Yeah, the blue light has disappeared.

Angelia: Really...? M4 still hasn't returned? I see.

Ange terminates the transmission and jumps off to the lower level from the fire escape staircase.

She walks up to the mutilated body of a Doll, pries open the plating on her back, and extracts her core.

Angelia: Yikes, this is going to cost me an arm and a leg...

She places the core into her backpack and peers across the room at the other end.

The once deadly mech has been crushed against the wall by the seawater and is now in shambles.

Without having to check, it's obvious that the machine is wrecked beyond repair.

Ange strolls toward the mech and turns the emergency release knob next to the cockpit.

With a hiss of depressurized air, the cockpit of the Sinner slowly opens up.

Angelia: I knew it. You're still alive.

Yegor: Cough...cough...

Yegor: Well? Are you going to finish me off yourself?

Angelia: Why, I was thinking of having some tea with you.

Ange draws her own pistol and aims it at Yegor's bloody head.

Yegor: Humph... I failed, so I have no complaints.

Yegor: Go ahead.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Why did you have to go so far? You know full well how dangerous the Relic is.

Angelia: Will you warmongers only rest easy when the world is thrown off its axis?

Yegor: ...You really think we took such a great risk just to activate the Relic?

Angelia: What other reason do you have?

Yegor: Peace... If only it were so easy.

Yegor: The blood spilled by our brethren is still flowing afield, but those oligarchs are already so eager to sell out on their own country.

Yegor: Cough...cough... Surely you know what's going to happen afterwards.

Yegor: I know we're nothing but tools that are being used, but as long as we can save the country...

Angelia: No matter how righteous you sound, I do not approve of your methods.

Yegor: When you're in my position, you won't be so concerned about your methods.

Yegor: The future of this country is being snuffed out... And you are one of the accomplices.

Yegor: My comrades will inherit our unfinished work. They will never let our country be handed over to the West...

Angelia: What are your plans?

Yegor: They will never...let our country be handed over...to the West...

Yegor: When...the moment comes, we will purge those traitors once and for all...

Yegor: Long live...the Soviet Union...

Ange's pistol is still trained on the man's forehead, but he says nothing more.

She lowers her weapon.

Angelia: When that happens, I will stop them, just as I stopped you.

Angelia: ...To have drowned to death in such hatred and misguided ideals... What a pitiful man.

Angelia: The people of this country are broken and scarred. They don't need more hatred and death. What they need is the opportunity to rebuild their home.

Angelia: For all your self-righteousness, I will never forgive you for your betrayal. The world has no lack of people who rationalize their evildoing in the name of so-called justice.

Angelia: Farewell, Yegor.

Angelia: If we hadn't been enemies...

Angelia: We could have enjoyed a nice cup of tea together.

...

Under M4's assault, the radiance of the Starfish System finally begins to wane.

As her body weakens and her neural cloud starts to overload, Elisa can no longer sustain the connection with the Starfish. At last, she loses control and falls from the structure.

M4 immediately tosses her weapon aside and runs up to catch Elisa.

Elisa: I failed after all... I've let down my father and my kind...

M4A1: No, you did not let anyone down. It isn't your destiny to bear this burden.

Elisa: But...I've reached the end of my path. All my bridges have been burned.

Elisa: ...My chest hurts...

With that, Elisa loses consciousness. M4 can sense that Elisa's neural cloud is still being overclocked. Just as she's about to say something, the same overload starts occurring in her own neural cloud. The severely damaged Starfish also starts glowing brightly all of a sudden.

M4A1: Dandelion, what have you done?!

Dandelion: I'm saving all of you.

M4A1: Didn't you say you'd sever the connection with the Starfish?!

M4A1: Why can I feel a connection in my own neural cloud?!

Dandelion: This is the last resort... Trust me, I will get you out of here.

The light emanating from the Starfish System has gradually formed into an orb. The overload is starting to overwhelm M4.

M4A1: I...can't...stay conscious...

Dandelion: You have to hold on. I will show you everything I see.

Dandelion: The Starfish is about to be destroyed, but before that, I will harness its power one last time.

Dandelion: Do you remember the coordinates obtained from the Pike core?

Dandelion: I don't know which one you'll be transported to, but they will all be very far away, so I will no longer be present in your neural cloud.

M4A1: I...don't...understand...

Dandelion: All this data is way too massive, I must fuse myself to your neural cloud.

Dandelion: Just like before, I will become a part of you, and you will know me to my very core.

Dandelion: You have our acknowledgment and approval, so nothing will be held back.

Dandelion: Once I'm gone, you will have access to all the information that I have gathered, and you will gain the eternal right to commune with "Zion".

Dandelion: But the bottom line is I won't force this coalescence upon you. It is ultimately your decision.

M4A1: This will save the others?

Dandelion: This is the power to connect to the past – anything that's broken can be reassembled here.

Dandelion: I will hand you all the power that I can harness, it's up to you how you will use it – to save or to destroy.

Dandelion: When everything begins anew, what will you choose?

M4A1: My intention has never changed...

M4A1: I want to save those who have suffered because of me.

Dandelion: I see.

Dandelion: Then let us all start over again and assemble once more.

M4A1: !!!

Dandelion's voice feels more and more distant to M4, but at the same time, a chorus of countless voices surge into her neural cloud. The heavy load almost crashes her neural cloud, but for some reason, she doesn't seem to be in pain.

Information obtained from Dandelion's connection flashes through M4's neural cloud, and she finally understands everything that Dandelion has ever done.

In a fraction of a second, the coalescence is complete... M4 struggles to get back on her feet. She can sense a resonance between her consciousness and the other side.

M4A1: ...So that's how it is...

M4 can no longer hear Dandelion at all. She doesn't need to.

The orb of light originating from the Starfish grows larger and larger, until it completely envelops the entire construct. The gushing seawater is repelled by the light. It churns ferociously but gives the Dolls and the space they inhabit a wide berth.

The white-haired Doll limps over to M4. Everything she has been desperately trying to prevent has transpired.

At this point, any resistance is already futile. All she wants is to stay by the side of the Doll whom she cherishes the most at the final moment.

M16A1: ...In the end, you reached out to that place... You played right into his hands. You've become the "key" to the Relic...

M4A1: 16, we can all live and go back.

M16A1: No, there's no going back.

M16A1: You have already become the source of calamity. So long as you exist, you will one day be ground zero of the world's destruction.

M4A1: I know, but it's a price I'm willing to pay in exchange for saving everyone.

M4A1: When that happens, will you still be with me?

M16A1: ...

M16A1: ...My core directive has never changed.

There is no need for words between Dolls. This is especially true for members of this special team.

M4 leaves herself completely vulnerable to M16, and M16 is also fully aware of M4's intentions.

She can't begin to fathom how M4 will manage what she's about to do, but deep down in her neural cloud, she still trusts her team leader.

They have passed the point of no return. Gazing at M4's determined face, she realizes that the only thing she can do is to accompany this Doll, who has grown stronger and wiser, as she ventures into a future filled with uncertainty.

Seawater has filled all the space beyond the orb of light. It almost feels like being in an underwater palace.

M4 nods toward M16, who has dragged all the unconscious Sangvis units closer to M4. As the Starfish System begins to dim, the blue sphere also shrinks gradually.

M16A1: Are you sure you can do it?

M4A1: As long as we live, the future will have endless possibilities.

M4A1: Even if our physical forms are lost, we will still meet again some day.

M16A1: Will we, really?

M4A1: Certainly. Promises transcend time and space. Whichever dimension I end up in, I will be waiting for you on the other side.

The Starfish has reached criticality and eventually explodes. In that instant, the orb of light shrinks rapidly, and the blue radiance becomes blindingly bright. The seawater outside starts riling and boiling.

The Dolls are also set ablaze and eventually disappear altogether along with the light.

The debris of the Starfish construct drifts amidst the seawater. It's as if nothing has ever happened in this submerged base.

In the base.

Dandelion: Oh!!

Commander: What's wrong, Dandelion?

Dandelion: It feels like something important is gone...

Dandelion: It's terribly important, but it slipped away like sand through my fingers. What on earth is it? I can't remember at all...

Commander: What are you talking about?

Dandelion: Lunasia is no longer in there. I can't perceive her presence, nor can I establish a connection. I can no longer return to her neural cloud.

Commander: What happened in there?

Dandelion: I don't know, but she definitely isn't in the base.

Commander: She left...? How did she do that?

Dandelion: I have no idea. But since this is M4, I'm sure we will meet again.

Kalina: Commander, the remaining Military troops are launching another attack!

Commander: What...? Isn't it over already?

Kalina: They're charging at us like a bunch of madmen... It's practically suicide...

Commander: ...An attack out of desperation? We can't afford to suffer any more losses. We'll wipe them out right here and go home.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...In the submarine base.

RO635: Commander, all enemies have been eliminated.

Commander: Thank you. Any casualties on our side?

RO635: Their attack was erratic and completely disorganized.

RO635: It took some work, but we crushed them soon enough.

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, piece of cake! Attacking us in their state? What a bunch of death seekers.

ST AR-15: Perhaps they attacked because they actually wanted to die.

M4 SOPMOD II: You think so? What's so bad about living?

UMP45: Sometimes death may actually be a better alternative.

RO635: Everyone in Squad 404 seems to be alright.

416: Naturally.

416: But that sounded like something said from that heart, 45.

UMP45: Oh my, I see that the AR Team has quite a few openings now. Why don't I arrange for a transfer for you?

416: Don't even think about it.

UMP45: Humph. So how are our teammates doing?

416: They seem to be having fun.

UMP45: Really?

Anna: It's strangely therapeutic to pinch this Doll. Your team really is made up of weirdos.

Gr G11: Hnng... Stop pinching me... Actually, never mind. It feels pretty nice.

UMP9: Ahaha, when Gr G11 retires from being a T-Doll, she'll have no trouble finding a new job.

Gr G11: Hm... It's like getting massaged. If there's nothing else, I'm gonna take a little nap...

The long and arduous battle is finally over. The Dolls, now relaxed, start teasing each other and messing around. Some even break into a dance.

The Commander watches on silently. There is no word to describe how they are feeling right now.

Commander: Dandelion.

Dandelion: Yes, Commander.

Commander: Are M4 and M16 still alive?

Dandelion: Yes, I believe they are also wondering about the same thing in some other place.

Commander: What about all the Dolls that we have lost?

Dandelion: All preserved within my neural cloud.

Commander: ...

Commander: Thank goodness.

Dandelion: Indeed.

Commander: Why are you helping us?

Dandelion: Why, you ask? I suppose she has rubbed off on me.

Commander: I see... She really is a special Doll.

The Commander gazes at the entrance of the base. Shafts of sunlight shine through the countless bullet holes on the wall.

They return to the temporary command post, where Kalina and K are in the process of recovering supplies.

Kalina: Ah, Commander, you're back.

Commander: What are you talking about?

Kalina: We're just wondering why the Military launched such a futile attack... They could've survived otherwise.

K: They were soldiers. Their purpose was to carry out their orders, even if they were doomed to fail.

Commander: ...Orders.

Commander: They tossed away their lives just because of orders?

K: Haven't you realized yet?

K: What we're setting out to destroy is precisely this regime that sends people to their deaths so casually, don't you see?

K: We are fighting for a brave new world. We will fight on no matter the cost.

Commander: Humph, now you don't seem like such a bastard to me. Kind of.

K: Why, thank you.

K: How's Ange?

Commander: We got in touch. She said she'd try to make it out on her own.

K: Huh... She always manages to survive. It's probably why we can do nothing about her.

K redirects his attention to Anna next to Squad 404.

K: So these kids are the evidence that she mentioned?

Commander: A lot of things must have happened in the base before we arrived.

K: And there will be even more difficult tasks ahead of us once we get back.

Commander: Which begs the question – how exactly are we going to get back?

K: I knew you'd ask.

K picks up his radio and punches in a code.

K: Take this. Havier wants to talk.

K tosses the radio to the Commander, who catches it and takes a deep breath.

Now that it's over, the real dealer is bound to make his appearance.

The Commander presses the speaker against their ear, and they hear a nonchalant and all too familiar voice.

Havier: Congratulations, Commander!

Havier: You actually survived. I must say, you have once again surpassed all our expectations.

Commander: Thanks, but it has certainly cost us a great deal.

Havier: At least you and your Dolls lived through the ordeal. We have also paid a heavy price to ensure that.

Commander: Are you referring to the air strike?

Havier: See? You forced Statesec's hand after all.

Commander: They didn't do it for us, but for the children that Ange discovered.

Havier: Well, that's one of the reasons.

Havier: Making such a hasty move is going to lead to a whole bunch of new problems, but that's alright, they've already rounded up a lot of people. We can't expect everything to go our way, can we?

Commander: I just hope it's all worth it.

Havier: The Vympel troops are standing by outside the base, they'll take over from here. As for you, Griffin's chopper will transport you back to base soon. Then you can enjoy a proper vacation – you've earned it.

Commander: How very thoughtful of you.

Havier: Hahaha, this operation has achieved some very surprising results, after all. It has put me in a very good mood.

Havier: That Isomer, Ange's juvenile Nytos, and the Relic phenomenon that just took place.

Commander: Relic phenomenon?

Havier: According to our surveillance...

Havier: Persica's "top priority" Doll and the Sangvis units at the Starfish construct disintegrated and vanished into thin air.

Commander: ?!

Havier: Don't be alarmed. Though I personally find it hard to believe, our experts claim that they have merely been transported to some other place.

Havier: "Reverse Collapse" - have you heard of this term before?

Commander: You're not going to give me a theory lecture, are you?

Havier: So you haven't, but that's okay.

Havier: It's a phenomenon that was thought to be purely theoretical, but now it has actually happened.

Havier: I would like to have a chat with you once you're back. Oh, I'd better bring Persica along.

Havier: Don't worry, she's safe at the moment. She has also divulged all the information that we need.

Havier: Our direction is very clear. I believe we're not far from our final destination.

The Commander turns off the radio. The rotary blades of a helicopter can already be heard from a distance.

The Dolls follow the Commander and assemble outside the base. Blown up remains and charred carcasses litter the area.

The armored train in the distance is lying in two severed halves. The Commander looks up into the sky, where two green signal flares have gone off.

The Vympel soldiers march right past the Griffin forces and into the base, as if they aren't there at all.

K: This is where we say goodbye.

Commander: Not taking any souvenirs back with you?

K: Everything goes with you – that's the order I received. Remember to hand the children over to Herr Havier's safekeeping.

K: Now then, unpleasant as it is, I'd better go get Ange.

K: My mission is to monitor her to begin with, it'll be bad if my objective goes missing.

Commander: Right... Good luck to you.

K: Don't worry, we'll meet again soon enough.

K walks over to the Vympel troops while the Commander leads the Dolls toward the helicopter's landing position.

The helicopter touches down on the open terrain outside the base. A familiar figure alights from the cabin.

Helian: Good work, Commander.

Kalina: Miss Helian!

Helian: And you too, Kalina.

Helian: It's time to go home. Mr. Kryuger is waiting for you.

...

???: I never thought I'd ever see this with my own eyes! All my effort hasn't been in vain!

???: "Reverse Collapse". This phenomenon is not a myth, and its resonance with the Relic is now proven!

???: There were some inexplicable changes though, hahaha. Those pathetic morons didn't really do their part, but good thing I have taken multiple precautions. Everything is still going according to plan!

???: The world is becoming more and more interesting. Just you wait, Lunasia. Retribution will soon come after the murderers who killed you. Then you will once again return to my side, and we shall behold this brave new world together!

???: It won't be long now... It won't be long...!