In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Helian: ...In hindsight, that was quite a close shave. Thank goodness no one was hurt.

Helian: Sadly, that Sangvis' memory module was destroyed. We could barely recover any data from it.

Helian: I have to compile a report, and I need your help on several matters.

Helian: 'Sequence no. 835492660223' - one of the few pieces of important information recovered just now.

Helian: According to analysis from the Intelligence Department, there are some coordinates hidden in there. Please investigate the situation in the vicinity.

Helian: Don't hesitate to report whatever you find out of the ordinary.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Combat over. Report submitted to Helian.

Helian returned to HQ.

Helian: Things look more serious than we imagined, Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: According to that commander's investigation, Sangvis Ferri was again one step ahead of us.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: In other words, they've been beating us to intelligence regarding M4A1.

Helian: Yes. My guess is that they have a T-Doll skilled at breaking codes.

Kryuger: Or...they've been acquiring intelligence from one of our own.

Helian: That's...

Helian: I believe...everyone at Griffin to be trustworthy, and the T-Doll safety system impeccable.

Kryuger: Safety and trustworthiness are relative.

Kryuger: We can't begin to guess what cards our enemies have up their sleeve.

Kryuger: Halt your operations for now, Helian, just to be safe.

Kryuger: There's no need to follow up on that commander's mission either.

Helian: Then...should we continue the operation to rescue the AR Team?

Kryuger: Certainly, but we're changing our strategies. I'll find someone more suitable for the task.

Kryuger: Speaking of which, Helian, does the commander working for you...like cats?

Helian: Huh?

Helian: Well... I never asked, but...I hope so.

Helian: Don't tell me, Mr. Kryuger, you intend to...

Kryuger: Yes. Since we can't solve the current problem, let's start from the roots.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Kalina: Commander, I'm back!

Kalina: Gosh, I've been working at the warehouse all this time. I'm dead tired.

Kalina: Huh? Who am I?

Kalina: C'mon, Commander, stop pulling my leg. We just said hi at the mall, didn't we?!

Kalina: Back to business. After Miss Helian left, HQ sent us a new assignment. Please take a look.

Kalina: Though Scarecrow's destruction has been confirmed, a Griffin command post is still under Sangvis control.

Kalina: Our squad in the area is surrounded by Sangvis troops. We must bust them out as soon as possible.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Kalina: Everything went smoothly. Good work, everyone!

Kalina: Huh? Commander, you don't look...very happy, do you?

Kalina: That's true.

Kalina: We were put in charge of a huge operation, but it got terminated all of a sudden.

Kalina: And now...we're just cleaning up here and there. Of course it'd take some getting used to.

Kalina: S-Still, you're doing great as a new commander!

Kalina: Just take it one step at a time, and opportunities will eventually show up, right?

Kalina: ...That's the spirit! Cheer up. We've still got loads to do!

In a corner out in the battlefield, a T-Doll squad...

FF-49: No enemies spotted...here...

FN FNC: That's weird. We did receive some suspicious signals. Don't tell me we've come all this way for nothing.

FF-49: Well... That's all good. Let's head back soon.

FN FNC: You scared, 49?

FN FNC: But if we go back just like that...

FF-49: Oh! Someone's over there!

M4A1: ...!

FF-49: Hmm? She seems to be...one of our own!

FF-49: What should we do? Do I shoot?!

FN FNC: How should I know? Let me ask for instructions!

FF-49: Oh, she's gone already...

FN-FNC: Hmm... Isn't she quick...

FF-49: Or maybe we're just slow...

FF-49: FFC, are we too slow...?

FN-FNC: Of course not. We're a new generation of T-Dolls, you know.

FN-FNC: But does that mean...she isn't an enemy?

FF-49: Why would she run though, if she's on our side?

FF-49: Just... What is going on?

Kalina: Here comes our new mission, Commander.

Kalina: Sorry, it doesn't have anything to do with our last case either.

Kalina: S-Still, quiet days aren't so bad. Plus, the pay is very good!

Kalina: According to our sources, Sangvis troops didn't evacuate immediately after Scarecrow's destruction.

Kalina: They've formed into several guerrilla squads and remained active in Griffin territory.

Kalina: Their objective is unclear. At the very least, they haven't taken the initiative to attack us up to this point.

Kalina: However, we can't just sit here and do nothing. Chase them away, Commander!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Meanwhile, a T-Doll squad on the battlefield...

MG3: Cleanup complete. That was the last wave, right?

Gr MP5: Shall we double-check? There is no such thing as too much caution.

MG3: It should be fine. I've already done several rounds. Unless there are more Sangvis passing by...

Gr MP5: Um... Please hold on!

Gr MP5: I am reading a strong Sangvis signal. It is very close!

MG3: What?! Where? Locate it, quick!

Executioner: No need for that. I'm right here!

Executioner: Morning, Griffin.

MG3: What do you want?! We won't go down without a fight!

Gr MP5: Hold it, MG3!

Executioner: Relax. You two aren't worth my effort.

Executioner: I'm looking for a T-Doll. Black hair, skull bandana...

Executioner: Armed with an M4A1 assault rifle and looks like an airhead. Have you seen her?

Gr MP5: M4A1...? We have not seen any T-Doll by that description...

Executioner: ...

Executioner: Humph. She kept running rather than to put you in danger.

Executioner: I get it. So she fears my might.

Executioner: Then we shall see how far you can run, M4! Hahahahaha!

Gr MP5: She...she ran off...

MG3: What...was that all about?

Gr MP5: Phew... (Sigh of relief)

Gr MP5: In any case, we are safe. Let us return and report this incident.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Kalina: Commander, our mission this time was issued by 16Lab—

Persica: Ah... So you're the commander. Pleased to meet you.

Kalina: Huh? Don't you need introductions?!

Persica: Persica, researcher at 16Lab.

Kalina: Miss Persica is actually the head researcher.

Kalina: 16Lab is Griffin's technology supplier. The weapons and network technology of our T-Dolls are all Miss Persica's great work.

Persica: Hmm... Your mission this time is to eradicate Sangvis forces in the area and retrieve some research data.

Kalina: Miss Persica wishes to recover some data stored in a database. This order has been approved by Griffin.

Persica: Yeah... It's annoying how Sangvis Ferri keeps sitting on the database.

Persica: I'll go make some coffee. I'm leaving everything to you...

Kalina: And that's that, Commander. Let's begin.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Combat over. Report submitted to Persica.

A short while later, at the Factory at Griffin HQ...

Helian: Here you are, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: Our next battle is about to begin, so I've come to check up on our T-Dolls.

Kryuger: I've read your investigation report. Thanks for the hard work, Helian.

Helian: It's my duty.

Helian: On another note, I just received a report from Persica. She's analyzing M4A1's database.

Helian: But the data extracted so far is insufficient. We may need to expand our search area.

Kryuger: Let her do it herself. We simply aren't capable of organizing any bigger operations.

Kryuger: Our contract states that we should focus our work on things that are so-called...'tactically valuable'.

Helian: Another order from the client, huh...

Helian: It's almost impossible to get information regarding the AR Team on time when our main forces are left in the wealthy area so far away...

Kryuger: At least we got something. Those two reports have been very helpful.

Helian: Those two reports... You mean the ones about our units stationed in Area S09 encountering M4A1 and a Sangvis Ringleader?

Kryuger: The AR Team is still surrounded by Sangvis troops in that area. We know that for certain.

Kryuger: Now it's up to Persica.

Helian: Then is rescuing the AR Team still our main objective?

Kryuger: The AR Team... Or M4A1, at least, must have discovered something very important to Sangvis Ferri.

Kryuger: We still know next to nothing about S.F. Retrieving M4A1 will prove immensely helpful.

Helian: But we can't breach our contract with the client and station our main forces in areas beyond our jurisdiction...

Kryuger: We don't need to send out our main forces.

Kryuger: The commander you mentioned just now is still a rookie, I hear.

Helian: Yes. With very dependable abilities.

Helian: Someone worth grooming.

Kryuger: And I believe here's the first grooming session.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Kalina: How long do we have to keep looking, Miss Persica?

Persica: Just...a little longer...

Persica: (Whispers) According to my sources, this is the last possible location...

Kalina: Huh? Come again? The last?

Persica: Yeah... As promised, this will be my last commission.

Persica: I'm guessing this place has what I'm looking for...

Kalina: HVVQJ in Area S09? But it's all ruins. No sign of any databases there.

Kalina: Seriously, what are you looking for, Miss Persica?

Persica: Hmm... Nothing important.

Persica: Could be just "sugar cubes" I left behind the last time I moved?

Kalina: WHAT?!

Persica: Just take a look. It's the last location. Thanks a bunch.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Kalina: Finally. That's the last time, right? That's what you said, Miss Persica.

Kalina: But we didn't find much, just this tape...

Persica: Ah! The tape! Show...Show it to me!

Kalina: Huh? Well... Could you play it, Commander?

Kalina: All right, here it goes...

...

M4A1: Day 70 on the run. No progress at all... Or rather, the operation is in jeopardy...

M4A1: ...As I am being targeted by Sangvis troops.

M4A1: I did expect Sangvis pursuit, but they are coming hot on my heels. Things are looking very bad...

M4A1: I do not know how much longer I can keep this up. I have to get in touch with someone from Griffin as soon as possible.

End of recording.

Kalina: What...is this? Is it what you're looking for, Miss Persica?

Persica: ...

Kalina: Miss Persica?

Persica: AH!

Persica: Oh... Well...

Persica: In any case, thank you, Commander.

Persica: As expected of the ace that Helian thinks highly of. Hats off to you.

Helian: It doesn't matter how highly I think of the commander. It's up to Kryuger to decide who to focus on training.

Persica: Ah! True, the boss has the final say in everything. By the way...

Helian: By the way, Persica...

Helian: Was your mission accomplished?

Persica: Uh... Don't worry.

Persica: I've got the data. The results will be out in a mo.

Helian: Then please make haste. We're running out of time, as you well know.

Helian: Besides, we're not training the commander to help you find your beakers.

Persica: Hmm... Commander... Thanks for this time...

Persica: Next time I'll treat you to coffee...in my lab...

Persica terminated the call.

Helian: (Sighs) Unless you fancy drinking dirty water used for doing the dishes while sitting in a freezer, I'd suggest you forget it.

Helian: Let's get back on track, Commander.

Helian: Griffin is now assigning an important mission to you. I'll give you a detailed explanation...

Helian: Commander, I'm sure you've had your own suspicions.

Helian: The Sangvis invasion in Area S09 is by no means a random conflict.

Helian: A Sangvis Ringleader is in fact searching for a T-Doll known as M4A1.

Helian: She is part of the AR Tactical Unit under Griffin and has been collecting some research data under the commission of Persica, researcher at 16Lab.

Helian: According to our sources, her neural cloud, i.e. memory bank, seems to be carrying extremely important confidential intelligence.

Helian: M4A1 is currently lost in Area S09. We must bring her in safely with all possible haste.

Helian: But due to certain agreements, we cannot openly interfere with the situation.

Helian: After some discussion, Griffin HQ has decided to delegate this mission to you.

Helian: Launch an immediate search in Zone T6, Area S09 and secure M4A1 before Sangvis forces get to her.

Helian: The Ringleader in the area has been confirmed to be Model No. SP524, an advanced T-Doll widely known as 'Executioner'.

Helian: Though she is currently hellbent on chasing one target, she'll still attack if approached rashly. Please exercise caution.

Helian: Occupy the enemy's command post, disrupt their communication channel, and find M4A1.

Helian: This mission is of utmost importance, Commander. The higher-ups at Griffin expect much from you.

Helian: Don't let them down. Now begin.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Somewhere on the battlefield.

M4A1: Is something wrong, Executioner? An unexpected situation has arisen, has it not?

Executioner: Tsk. How...

Executioner: How come...Griffin T-Dolls attacked my command post before HQ gave the order...?

M4A1: That is because a human commander is capable of mobilizing our troops independently.

Executioner: So you've been waiting for this all along?

M4A1: It was a gamble.

M4A1: I have no choice but to have faith in them.

M4A1: Now, let us discuss your ending.

Executioner: Ending? Do you seriously think that's the end?

Executioner: Even if you hide among Griffin troops, we have other ways to get you.

M4A1: What?

Executioner: Don't forget. You still have three companions stranded on the battlefield...

Executioner: And we both know they make excellent bargaining chips...

M4A1: ...

M4A1 pulled the trigger.

M4A1: You should not have brought them up, Sangvis scum.

Executioner: Humph... Whatever...

Executioner: You know, we won't...disappear...so easily...

Five minutes later.

Our troops reached the rescue zone.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Is that you...Commander?

M4A1: Are you the commander...that Miss Persica mentioned?

M4A1: Excuse me... Allow me to introduce myself.

M4A1: Designation M4A1. Please call me by this name.

M4A1: I am a Griffin T-Doll under the AR special unit. Due to certain reasons, I am currently under Sangvis pursuit.

M4A1: Miss Persica told me a tactical commander will provide me with backup...

M4A1: And the watchword is...

M4A1: Um... "Sugar cubes"?

M4A1: Yes, thank you very much for your timely rescue.

M4A1: Right now, I only have a single request...

...Save us.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Persica: Ah, Commander... We meet again...

Persica: I'm calling today because I need you to take care of something.

Persica: First of all, don't worry - this is a closed channel.

Persica: Second of all, don't worry - I'm not asking you to do bad things.

Persica: The thing is...I need some samples of dummy units.

Persica: Sangvis...and Griffin units. I need both.

Persica: They've been fighting all this time, there must be quite a lot of scattered parts.

Persica: Please get me some - for research purposes.

Persica: There...might be Sangvis Ringleaders lurking about...

Persica: Those are a Ringleader's dummies. They're activated when a Ringleader is destroyed...

Persica: Be careful, and...thank you.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Persica: Wow! You got so many. Awesome.

Persica: As expected of M4A1's trusted commander. Hats off to you...

Persica: Heheh ♪

Persica: As you've probably learned, I'm M4A1's boss.

Persica: Still, you actually found her. That's really...brilliant of you.

Persica: I won't say any more for now. It's not the right time, and it's not important at the moment.

Persica: M4 is safe. That's all that matters.

Persica: Let's leave it at that. Thanks again, Commander.

Persica: Ah, Commander...

Persica: Yep, here I am again. Am I a welcome sight?

Persica: Same old request. More samples.

Persica: Oh my... What research is it?

Persica: You can say it's a research that'll be useful for Griffin.

Persica: This was where you engaged a Sangvis Ringleader before, right, Commander?

Persica: Then...please begin.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Persica: Oh! Awesome. These are gonna be very helpful.

Persica: Hmm? Why...don't I get in touch with M4...?

Persica: I'm just lazy. No reason, really...

Persica: I have no use for her at the moment anyway. Just say hello for me...

Persica: Why...am I not using her?

Persica: Because I have you, haha...

Persica: That child is a bit peculiar. Make sure you take good care of her.

Persica: It's all right. You'll understand, Commander. Probably...

Persica: The mission this time...mostly concerns Sangvis samples.

Persica: The Sangvis troops here have been upgraded...

Persica: But that's not gonna be a problem, Commander, is it?

Persica: Do your best. I'll be waiting for good news!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Persica: Oh, Commander. Well d...

M4A1: Why so shocked, Miss Persica?

Persica: Ah! M...M4!

M4A1: Commander told me, so I have come to see you.

Persica: I'm sorry... It was all because of me that you...

M4A1: Please do not say that.

M4A1: We were merely carrying out our employer's orders as T-Dolls.

Persica: Hmm...

Persica: Well, you're safe now. Applause applause.

M4A1: Yes. Commander is very good to me. I will continue serving under Griffin.

Persica: By the way...

Persica: M4A1, I'm so happy...to see you again...

M4A1: ... (Smiles)

M4A1: Yes, so am I, Miss Persica.

Persica: This mission will be the last...

Persica: Please refer to the map...

Persica: Ah, sorry. My channel seems to be in the way...

Persica: But...it's roughly around here.

Persica: ...Hmm? What samples?

Persica: I'll tell you later. It doesn't matter for now.

Persica: Do your best, Commander. I'll leave it all to you.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Combat over.

Persica: That went well. We're finally done.

Persica: Heheh. Curious, Commander?

Persica: It's nothing special. Just a study...

Persica: ...To compare Sangvis T-Dolls with our own.

Persica: The conclusion is that... the technologies used in building them are...almost...

Persica: Completely different.

Persica: Just how...are Sangvis units made...?

Persica: And what does it have to do with that plan the AR Team found in Safe House 3...?

Persica: ...Ah, nothing. Just talking to myself...

Persica: In any case, thanks for your help, Commander.

Persica: Take care of M4. If more T-Dolls show up, do the same for them...

Persica: Then... See you, Commander.

Persica: Next time, I'll treat you to coffee for real.

Persica: I believe that's gonna be sooner than you think...

Thompson: Good evening, Boss. You're right on time.

Thompson: As indicated on the map, Sangvis troops have already set up a defense line in the area.

Thompson: To coordinate with the military's operation to eradicate them, we need to clandestinely station some men in a few bases.

Thompson: Infiltration requires the use of brains. We're planning to leave it to a pro like you.

Thompson: You're in great demand at Griffin these days, y'know? It took quite some effort just to borrow you.

Thompson: So do your best, Boss. Everyone's counting on you.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Griffin troops arrived at a base.

Thompson: Beautifully done, Boss. Now let me discuss our next step with the PIC of this mission.

Thompson: 1911, do you copy?

M1911: You've come way ahead of time. Looks like the commander can't wait to see me.

Thompson: Oh, please. I need to put someone here. Any suggestions?

M1911: This base is used mainly for recon work. Best leave it to a handgun T-Doll.

Thompson: A handgun, huh. Other than you, who else is up to the job...

M9: Let me do it, Miss Thompson! I'll do even better than 1911!

Thompson: That's some nice verve you've got there. Griffin needs enthusiastic T-Dolls like you.

M9: Humph. I'll take every chance to prove that I'm better than a certain old hag!

M1911: I heard that, M9...

Thompson: Anyway, I'm leaving scouting duties to you, M9. Now, a T-Doll to guard you...

M9: That won't be necessary. We're understaffed enough as it is, right?

M9: I'll be fine on my own if it's just scouting. Don't underestimate my skill in making great escapes.

Thompson: Don't try too hard to be brave, M9. The battlefield is unpredictable.

M9: I've fought a bunch of Sangvis with the commander. Don't worry about me.

Thompson: All right. Be careful then. Let's keep going.

M1911: Everything's going smoothly so far, Thompson.

Thompson: Ha, of course, seeing that I'm the one on the field.

M1911: Don't let it get to your head. There are still several bases to go.

Thompson: I've got a pro with me. Sneaking in will be a piece of cake.

M1911: With dear Commander on our side, I have no doubt about winning.

M1911: (Whispers) I'm talking about a T-Doll... The infamous troublemaker among our ranks.

Thompson: Humph, I know. She probably isn't very thrilled to be assigned a mission like this.

M1911: Have you thought about how to deal with her? Don't let her sour the whole thing for everyone...

Thompson: Haha. I'm not Springfield. I'll just have to think of something.

Thompson: Let's go, girls. Don't keep the boss waiting.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Griffin troops arrived at a base.

Thompson: Ingram, I'm leaving this place to you. Prepare for your stationing.

Ingram: Huh? Me?

Ingram: Seriously... How long do I have to stay here?

Thompson: Probably quite a while. The military is still deploying their T-Dolls. They didn't say when the action will take place.

Ingram: So why did we have to involve the military? We can handle those stupid tin men on our own just fine.

Thompson: We're a business. We should always avoid splurging ourselves if we can spend someone else's money.

Ingram: (Sighs) I'm not here to make money. What I want is a bloodbath, Thompson.

Ingram: I only joined your team after hearing about you.

Thompson: Then you're gonna be sorely disappointed. All my actions were taken under Griffin's instruction, never on a reckless whim.

Ingram: Then what about the unspeakable things you did under the table?

Thompson: They were all within permissible range... Here, take this.

Ingram: What... A detonator?

Thompson: This is your job. Once you get it over with, I don't care if you go batshit crazy.

Ingram: Humph. So you're not as dull as you claim to be.

Thompson: Make an effort, Ingram. Be glad it's Griffin you're working for.

Thompson: Party to your heart's content - within permissible range of our contract.

M1911: Thompson, did you hear the barrage from this side?

Thompson: Humph. The military seems to have opened fire ahead of schedule.

M1911: (Sighs) They had never trusted us.

Thompson: We stick to our plan. The frontline isn't here. It'll be fine as long as we don't get caught up in the fight.

M1911: Well... Here's a tiny problem.

M1911: The frontline happens to be where M9 is. And military T-Dolls can be very... you know, destructive...

Thompson: I have no time to babysit her. Surely you've made your own preparations?

M1911: Boss, continue the operation and lead us to the next base.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Griffin troops arrived at a base.

M1911: Thompson, you've got a good field of vision over there. Have you picked your sniper?

Thompson: M21, you're up. Give me some bullseyes.

M21: Sure. But who should I aim for, the military or Sangvis Ferri?

Thompson: Now is not the time for jokes...

Thompson: Still, seeing that you're a civilian T-Doll, occasional mistakes are unavoidable, aren't they?

M21: Heheh. How about...raising the barrel by 1cm on the premise of not endangering the operation?

Thompson: As long as it's within permissible range of the contract, you can have all the fun you want.

M9: Hello?! Thompson, are you listening?!

M9: Um... They've started fighting over here all of a sudden! Where are you? Come and get me, quick!

Thompson: Hey... You said you'd be fine on your own.

M9: But the military opened fire without even a word! Even my base got hit by shells!

M9: There are Sangvis everywhere! I can't hold on for much longer!

Thompson: It's no use asking me for help since I'm also on the field myself. Go and beg 1911.

M9: (Sobs) ...1911, I'm sorry! You win this time!

M1911: (Sighs) ...I never even thought of it as a competition.

M1911: Then time to move, backup team.

...

M9: Huh? All the Sangvis...are destroyed?

M9: A-Are you one of us?

Super SASS: SuperSASS, new recruit at Griffin. Glad to be of help, Miss M9.

M9: Th...Thank goodness...

M9: You're my hero, Super...whatever!

Super SASS: It's SuperSASS, Miss M9.

Super SASS: And you're squishing the breath out of me...

Thompson: Phew, thank goodness you'd prepared for backup beforehand. Otherwise things wouldn't have ended pretty for M9.

M1911: (Sighs) It only worked because it had quieted down where M9 was, Thompson.

Thompson: True. But SuperSASS is right on time. I was just thinking who to send this time.

Super SASS: Hmm? Where to?

Thompson: To bring Griffin honor and glory, SuperSASS. The organization needs you.

Super SASS: Huh? What? ...Me?

Thompson: Boss, hope you've had enough rest?

Thompson: Everyone's been working hard all this time. Now's the final step.

Thompson: All the girls are in position, except me, the one who's been giving orders.

Thompson: So I need to enter the site from the back to aid the military in this operation.

Thompson: Please lead me to our destination, Boss. Then it'll be time for me to repay the organization.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Battle against Sangvis Ferri commenced at M9's temporary base.

M9: Dummy of a Sangvis Ringleader detected! M21, get ready!

M21: Here, say 'cheese', Sangvis scum!

M1911: Their armored unit can't react in time! Now, Ingram!

Ingram: HAHAHAHAHA! BOOM! GET BLOWN TO PIECES, SUCKERS!

Thompson: Now, SuperSASS! Storm the control room!

Thompson: The military are entering from the front. Don't let them take the glory!

Super SASS: Roger. Moving in!

Ingram: HAHA! RUN, SUPERSASS, RUN!

Sangvis troops started retreating.

M21: Make sure you beat the military to it, or we'll have no choice but to kill them off.

M1911: Don't make that kind of joke, M21. What if they're humans?

Ingram: Humph. Didn't the humans make guns to kill each other?

M9: Don't listen to her, SuperSASS.

M9: We're adorable T-Dolls for civilian use, after all. We just have to act cute when we run into humans!

Super SASS: (Forced laughter) Sorry, but I haven't undergone such training.

M21: Damn, you newbies have it easy. Back in my time, we had to take exams on making jokes.

Ingram: Ha, Then you must've joined Griffin only 'cause you screwed up your standup comedy or something.

M1911: You shouldn't ask your companions about their backgrounds, Ingram.

M1911: We are all part of Griffin now. That's the only thing that matters.

Super SASS: SuperSASS has seized the control room. Repeat, SuperSASS has seized the control room!

M21: The sun is up, and victory is ours.

Thompson: 1911, make sure you ask for more dividends from Helian. That was exhausting.

M1911: You'll have to wait till I give the commander the kiss of victory.

M21: So 1911 won the competition?

M1911: There was no competition to begin with, was there?

M1911: Speaking of which, where's M9? Has she gone offline already?

M1911: M9? Are you there?

Ingram: You're too late, 1911. M9's already rushing to the control center.

Thompson: Haha, you really shouldn't have saved her, my dear.

M1911: ...

M1911: These Griffin T-Dolls...could really use some further grooming...