In a Griffin secret base...

Helian: Welcome, Commander.

Helian: I believe this is the first time we meet in person. Glad to see you're punctual.

Helian: ...Actually, you've come a bit too early. Mr. Kryuger is still attending to some other business.

Helian: Now let me fill you in on why we've called you in this time.

Helian: Persica has pieced together a few keywords from the intel acquired from Safe House 3 by the AR Team.

Helian: At this stage, we can safely assume that Sangvis Ferri is plotting to initiate an unknown plan codenamed 'Parapluie'.

Helian: No matter how this plan is implemented, it will undoubtedly pose an immense threat to Griffin.

Helian: Which is why Mr. Kryuger has decided to call an emergency meeting here at our secret base to discuss countermeasures with several field commanders.

Helian: Commander, this base isn't very far from your control center so you can continue to manage your troops here.

Helian: You may participate in an operation drill while we wait for Mr. Kryuger and the others to assemble.

Helian: Test the current efficiency of our T-Dolls and update the HQ database.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Drill concluded. A T-Doll stationed at HQ comes over...

MP40: Greetings, Commander. The drill went smoothly. Thank you very much for your cooperation.

MP40: Miss Helian left a message, Please head over to Control Room 3 and wait for the meeting to start.

MP40 led me to Control Room 3.

I took a look around. The operation system seems to be of the same model as Area S09.

At that moment...

Click.

M4A1: M4A1 calling Commander. Commander, do you copy?

M4A1: Sorry, but we have an emergency to report.

M4A1: From the information we acquired while we were patroling the area, the secret base is not safe right now...

Statics...

There seems to be some signal interference.

M4A1: We are rush...to your current location...Please...before we...

M4A1: ? ...mander...What...noise...

M4A1: Did...hear...?

M4A1: Comman...

...!!

Suddenly, the sound of an explosion fills the air. Sweltering heat and deafening tremor crash into the room.

M4A1: ...Commander, what hap...?!

Something hit me in the back of the head. The scene of chaos starts spinning wildly before my eyes...

M4A1: I heard...

M4A1: Comman...Please respo...

M4A1: Commander...?

M4A1: ...!

I gradually lose consciousness in the midst of M4A1's repeated cries...

...

My ears start picking up faint sounds of explosions, and...

??: Enough sleep, rookie.

...

This man has been waiting for me.

Kryuger: You're in luck.

Kryuger: Only a rifle fell on you, not the entire arsenal.

Sangvis forces are pouring into the base behind him...

Kryuger: The name's Kryuger. Executive Officer of Griffin.

Kryuger: I'm sure you've seen this face on our newsletters so often you must be sick of it.

Kryuger: Can you still fight?

In the midst of the barrage, Kryuger hands me his other sidearm.

Kryuger: We've been ambushed, Commander. Ensure your own safety first.

Kryuger: Then mount a resistance to fight off Sangvis advancement and make sure reinforcements are in position.

His last sentence fades into silence as the man's figure disappears through the door.

...I look back at the ravished control room.

Limp towards the control panel and inspect it.

I'm in luck. Something fell on me, but not the entire command system.

...Ready to deploy troops and mount a counterattack.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

As the alarm dies down and the sound of crossfires fade into the distance, Griffin seems to have regained the upper hand.

I leave the room that can come crashing down any moment and hurry towards the hall where T-Dolls have assembled.

Right then, a voice calls out from behind me...

M4A1: ...Oh! Commander!

M4A1: Commander! Are you okay?!

M4A1: I...I was very worried about you...

M4A1: Thank goodness you are okay.

Kryuger: You get along pretty well with M4A1 here, Commander. Looks like you've been taking very good care of her.

M4A1: ...

Kryuger: But right now, we have something to discuss, you and I.

M4A1: Yes, sir...

M4A1: Commander, I will be on stand-by along with the other members of the AR Team.

: ...M4A1 takes her leave after giving a salute. She looks back every once in a while.

Kryuger: You know, she's a special T-Doll, Commander.

Kryuger: Keep her safe. She will show what she's worth one day.

Kryuger: Now back to business. You did well just now, but Sangvis Ferri will press forward again any minute.

Kryuger: This meeting was absolutely confidential, even the base was a total secret.

Kryuger: However, Sangvis Ferri was able to launch such a precise attack against us, so intel must have been leaked from within our ranks.

Kryuger: I'll be putting Helian on this case immediately. Come with me, Commander. I have a new mission for you.

5 minutes later, where T-Dolls are on stand-by...

MP40: No shoving, please. Let T-Dolls carrying small arms pass through first.

MP40: Wait! You over there! Is that FFC?

MP40: Please finish your ice cream before you join the queue. Don't drip it on someone else!

MP40: And you do not pass as a small arm! Please don't shove ahead just because you're short!

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Everyone else is busy as hell, but still no orders for us?

M16A1: You heard M4. The commander went with Mr. Kryuger, so we'll have a big job coming soon.

M4A1: The Sangvis Ringleader has not shown herself. It is highly possible that there will be a second raid.

M4 SOPMOD II: Dammit! Can't she just come out for a showdown?!

M16A1: Hmm... It's uncommon for Sangvis Ferri to spring an attack so suddenly. Our next mission is probably gonna be real tricky.

ST AR-15: Humph, that's perfect, isn't it? A chance to settle the score.

ST AR-15: ...Time...is running out.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...?

Griffin temporary control room.

Helian: The result of the preliminary investigation is out, Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: But... (Looks sideways in this direction)

Kryuger: Go on, Helian.

Helian: Yes, sir. We have traced the leak to an abandoned command post in the vicinity of HQ.

Helian: It is certain this is where the Sangvis Ringleader receives intel and directs the attack.

Helian: We have already pinpointed its coordinates. We can raid it anytime.

Kryuger: Now you know what you have to do.

Kryuger: Mount an immediate raid on this command post. Capture or destroy the Sangvis Ringleader.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Arrived at the designated zone.

M16A1: (Gestures) ...Prepare to blast our way through.

M16A1: 3, 2, 1...

M16A1: ...Now!

Boom!!

...

M4 SOPMOD II: What the... It's empty!

ST AR-15: Quiet. Watch your surroundings.

M4A1: No abnormal signals detected. All clear.

M16A1: Humph. Judging by the tracks on the floor, the Ringleader gave us the slip only just now.

??: 30 minutes ago, to be exact.

M4A1: ...!

Destroyer: Destroyer, Sangvis Ferri Manufacture.

Destroyer: Nice to see you, I guess? Even though it's only a call.

Destroyer: Still, I must say I was taken aback by how fast you move.

Destroyer: I was going to take my plan further here while things are a mess for you. I certainly didn't expect you to discover my coordinates.

Destroyer: This human named Kryuger is quick on his feet.

M4A1: Griffin is on full alert now. You can no longer acquire any intel from us.

Destroyer: Humph, really? That doesn't really matter to me.

ST AR-15: You guys...are after something else?

Destroyer: You can't figure it out with your wooden brains, dumbass Griffin T-Dolls.

Destroyer: Just you watch. You won't be able to do a thing.

M16A1: She left the channel. Can you trace her signal?

M4A1: Barely, but there are a lot of encrypted data that cannot be cracked right away.

M4 SOPMOD II: Good thing she's still close. That idiot doesn't know we're actually tracing her.

ST AR-15: Let's retreat first. We need to head back to HQ and report this ASAP.

M4 SOPMOD II: AR-15...You seem pretty fired up about this mission.

ST AR-15: Tch. I've always been a pragmatist. Any problem with that?

ST AR-15: Let's get going. We don't have much time.

Helian: We have received your report, Commander. Mr. Kryuger is very happy with your performance.

Helian: Looks like this ringleader won't go very far. I'll send someone to find her whereabouts.

Helian: In the meantime, we have another mission for you.

Helian: We may have taken back the initiative, but some of our own are still trapped among Sangvis forces.

Helian: Please give them a hand, Commander. Make sure more of them can retreat.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Combat over.

IDW: Oh! Safe at last!

IDW: Thank you so much, Master of someone else!

M16A1: Commander, this is the last batch, right?

ST AR-15: The meeting's been canceled. Can't we go home yet?

M4A1: HQ is still screening for the T-Doll suspected of leaking information, so all of us have to be on stand-by.

M4 SOPMOD II: Seriously! We're T-Dolls! As if we'd tell the enemy our secrets!

M4A1: It is an order. Just put up with it for a while.

ST AR-15: What a drag. I'm taking a break. They didn't say we have to standby right here.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Commander, AR-15...

Helian: A moment, please.

ST AR-15: ...

Helian: I have a very important announcement to make.

Helian: After the screening procedure, we have discovered a T-Doll that has been processing an abnormal amount of information.

Helian: The T-Doll is, in fact, a member of the AR Team.

AR Team: ...!

Helian: Tactical Doll AR-15 of the AR Team, when scanning our database, we found a substantial anomaly in the server traffic you generated while uploading information.

Helian: We are shutting down your communications module. Security officers will now escort you to the confinement room for further screening.

...

ST AR-15: You mean...me...?

M16A1: What...

M4 SOPMOD II: This can't be! There must be some mistake!

ST AR-15: Calm down, SOP-II. You're just a T-Doll.

ST AR-15: We can't disobey orders no matter how loud you yell.

M4 SOPMOD II: But...

ST AR-15: It's just a screening. They're not saying I'm the culprit for sure. Focus on doing your job first.

M4A1: AR-15, we believe you...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: I know. Don't mess up the mission before I come back.

...AR-15 leaves with Helian.

M4 SOPMOD II: AR-15...

M16A1: Stop worrying about it. It doesn't help the situation. We still have things to do.

M16A1: C'mon. AR-15 wouldn't want us to be so worried.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: How can this be...?

Back to the temporary control room.

Helian: Commander, you must be very concerned about AR-15's situation.

Helian: We are now certain that she has been planted with a malicious Sangvis program before she regrouped with the team.

Helian: We have shut down her communications module to cut off all external data transfers.

Helian: We are still screening for identifications in her program to root out the malicious codes.

Helian: Don't worry. Considering how valuable she is, we have no plans of disarming her.

Helian: Instead, we'll be using her to determine the source of her virus and prevent this from happening again.

Helian: Please rest assured and focus on completing Griffin's mission before she returns.

Helian: Thanks to you and the AR Team, we have another chance of locating Destroyer.

Helian: But just in case, we need more sources of information to confirm her coordinates.

Helian: Commander, please lead your troops into Sangvis territory to collect more information.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Provided cover for troops entering Sangvis territory.

M4A1: Calling Commander. The AR Team has reached our destination under cover.

M4A1: We have almost finished collecting the information. Requesting further directives...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M16A1: Pull yourself together, SOP-II. You're a T-Doll.

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't precisely because I'm a T-Doll...

M4 SOPMOD II: We're only tools made for fighting, so why do we have modules that simulate emotions?

M4 SOPMOD II: All we have to do...is point at our enemies and pull the trigger...

M16A1: Who knows.

M16A1: Perhaps it wasn't like this...in the beginning.

M4A1: AR Team, the commander says we can retreat once we are done collecting the information.

M16A1: Got it. Let's go, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah...

M4A1: SOP-II, are you okay?

M4 SOPMOD II: I...don't know...

M4 SOPMOD II: We only got back together...after going through so much...

M4A1: The commander told me AR-15 will not be disarmed. She will be back very soon.

M16A1: That's good. Or the next time we see her would be either at the cafe or the coal mines.

M4A1: She may be able to return by the time we get back this time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmm..

M4 SOPMOD II: Then let's...

AR Team: ...!!

M16A1: ...It's...an emergency broadcast!

Helian: Attention, all Griffin field commanders and T-Doll troops.

Helian: This is an urgent announcement.

M4A1: ...?

Helian: Tactical Doll AR-15 of the AR Team...

Helian: Disobeyed the orders from Griffin High Command and left the base without permission.

M16A1: ...?!

Helian: Would all field commanders and T-Dolls please restrain her on sight.

M4 SOPMOD II: AR-15...?

Helian: As the unit is suspected of carrying malware, if the situation calls for it...

Helian: ...You have permission to damage Tactical Doll AR-15.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Why... AR-15...

M4A1: What on earth are you thinking...

Helian: Repeat.

Helian: Tactical Doll AR-15 of the AR Team disobeyed the order of returning to the confinement room five minutes ago.

Helian: She broke free of her restraints and escaped from the vicinity of the base. Her whereabouts are currently unknown.

Helian: This T-Doll, suspected of being infected and controlled by Sangvis virus, is highly dangerous.

Helian: On top of that, her communications module has been deactivated, so we are unable to trace her electronically.

Helian: All field commanders listening to this broadcast, please launch an immediate search for this T-Doll.

Helian: The moment you spot her, inform High Command and put her under control as soon as possible.

Helian: If the situation calls for it, you have permission to attack or destroy her.

Griffin temporary control room.

M4A1: Commander, did you hear the broadcast?

M4A1: What...do we do now?

M4A1: We will carry out your order, Commander...whatever it is.

M4A1: So...please do not hesitate. Issue your commands.

...

M16A1: M4, what did the commander say?

M4A1: No matter what, find AR-15 first.

M16A1: True that. SOP-II, tell her what you just found out.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay... I've located Destroyer's newest coordinates using the information we collected.

M4 SOPMOD II: Since we haven't reported our findings yet, we can get there before anyone else.

M4A1: Destroyer? What good does it do to locate her?

M16A1: M4, do you think AR-15 is really under Sangvis control?

M16A1: Don't you think there's a possibility that she fled of her own accord because there is something she absolutely has to do...

M4A1: ...AR-15 wants to find Destroyer and...avenge herself?

M4A1: But...as an T-Doll, how could AR-15 disobey Griffin's orders for her own desires?

M16A1: M4...

M16A1: I know AR-15 better than you do. Or should I say...I know the AR Team better than you do. By far.

M16A1: One day you'll understand, but not today.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, give the order! Let's break through Sangvis' last defense and go get Destroyer and AR-15!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

In a control center abandoned by Griffin, the last sanctum for the Sangvis unit Destroyer.

Destroyer: ...You hear that, Dreamer?! Griffin is moving much more quickly than expected!

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: Oh my... What are you crying about?

Destroyer: Hurry! Stop them with your firepower!

Dreamer: ...Huh? Why should I?

Destroyer: Isn't that the deal?! Once my mission is accomplished, you'll cover my retreat with air support!

Dreamer: Oh...

Dreamer: Then...have you accomplished your mission?

Destroyer: The assassination attempt on Kryuger failed, but that's only to be expected.

Destroyer: More importantly, the program planted into AR-15 is working. I found the data concerning Safe House 3 in her neural cloud.

Destroyer: All information required for Plan Parapluie is ready, so help me get outta here already!

Dreamer: But...since the mission is already accomplished, what's the point in keeping you?

Destroyer: What...

Dreamer: Say... We're T-Dolls, right?

Dreamer: T-Dolls are pretty much disposable goods, right?

Dreamer: I don't really have to waste my precious babies on picking up some trash.

Destroyer: H...How could you?!

Dreamer: Well, even if you die, you'll come back to life soon enough.

Dreamer: And you'll forget everything you had to do with me.

Dreamer: Then you'll obediently take my orders again like a cute little puppy.

Destroyer: How...can that be... I won't...believe you ever again!

Dreamer: Really, my dear little idiot?

Dreamer: Do you think...this is the first time it happened?

Destroyer: ...!

Destroyer: You scumbag! Nutcase! Shorty!

Destroyer: You promised... You promised you'd save me...

Dreamer: Oh, stop crying. I was just kidding.

Destroyer: Kid...ding...? Really?

Dreamer: Agent installed the keycode for accepting the file transfer on you in case I start messing around.

Destroyer: Hmm... Agent did that...for me...

Dreamer: I've already started roasting the AR Team. You have ten minutes to get out of there.

Destroyer: R-Really...?

Dreamer: Yes, for this time, at least...

Dreamer: But if you are tapped again, I'll dump you for real.

Destroyer: T...Tapped?

Destroyer: ?! ...By whom?! When?!

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Humph...

ST AR-15: When did you notice me, Dreamer?

Dreamer: Whoever dominates the skies dominates everything. Not even a kitten on the ground can escape my notice.

ST AR-15: No wonder... So shutting down comms isn't enough.

Dreamer: You've been waiting for this chance, haven't you? Have Griffin shut down your communications module so you can pull a sneak attack on us.

ST AR-15: ...Looks like you're not as crazy as they say.

Dreamer: Dear me... You, too, aren't as cold and deadpan as the data claims.

Dreamer: But why? As a T-Doll, why do you go to such lengths to disobey your employers?

ST AR-15: You used me to acquire information that puts my companions in danger...

ST AR-15: You think I'd forgive you for that, Dreamer?!

Dreamer: Now don't get worked up. You knew it all along, didn't you, that you're the source of the leak?

Dreamer: If you had told your pals just a bit earlier, Destroyer's plan would've been foiled.

Destroyer: Wait, Dreamer! What are you talking about?!

Destroyer: So you mean my mission was just some kind of appendix?!

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Believe what you want. My current course of action has nothing to do with Griffin's orders.

Dreamer: Oh? Looks like you still don't understand.

Dreamer: Do you think we just happened to pick you, the way lowlife humans decide which character to kill off in their stories?

Dreamer: No, AR-15... You're chosen.

Dreamer: Don't you remember? The ability we gifted you?

ST AR-15: ...?!

ST AR-15: Don't tell me... Everything was...

Dreamer: Heheh, exactly.

Dreamer: Why don't you try putting up even more of a fight, AR-15 of Griffin?

Dreamer: Let's see if your death throes will make things better or worse?

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: As you wish, Dreamer.

ST AR-15: ...I will keep fighting. Until I get to the bottom of everything.

Dreamer: You willingly betray an entire organization for your companions' sake. Should I applaud such profound sentiments?

ST AR-15: I'm only doing this because it's the order I was given as a T-Doll.

ST AR-15: An order of the highest priority...as a member of the AR Team.

ST AR-15: I will not betray those who accepted me, even if it costs me my only home.

ST AR-15: This is my only worth and my only fate.

ST AR-15: Wait and see, Sangvis.

ST AR-15: I will step on your broken faces and have you choke out all your conspiracies one by one!

Video file.

26 minutes after the AR Team commenced pursuit on Destroyer...

M4 SOPMOD II: There's too much firepower ahead! Dammit, we can't make it through!

M16A1: Don't rush it! Wait for the reloading gap before we charge!

...

M4A1: Wait. Listen to that...

M16A1: Now! Run for it!

M4A1: M16, watch out!!

M16A1: ...?!

...BOOM!!

M16A1: ...!!

M16A1: W-What was that...just now?

M4 SOPMOD II: You've gotta be joking. Sangvis can actually use...a weapon of that scale?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...Guys, I just received a report from Helian. We have suffered heavy losses.

M4A1: HQ is ordering all troops to abort the pursuit and retreat from the area immediately.

M4 SOPMOD II: But AR-15...

M16A1: We don't know what the enemy have up their sleeve. We can't go in rashly.

M16A1: AR-15 will be fine. As long as we live, we'll have a chance of finding her.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...But the attack just now has cut us off from the other teams.

M4 SOPMOD II: And Sangvis troops are charging this way!

M4A1: Do not worry. Commander is still online and will lead us away from danger!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Retreated to safety zone.

IDW: Oh, the T-Dolls who were a big help last time!

IDW: We meet again!

M4A1: Sorry we are late. Where are the others?

IDW: Everyone's fine. You're the last team to arrive.

IDW: With that, all of us have made it back safely.

M16A1: Any injured units here? Let us help too.

IDW: Sure! Heaven knows where M82 has run off to. It's really a bit too much for me alone.

IDW: Thank you so much!

M16A1: No problem. None of the injuries are too serious. It shouldn't be too much trouble.

IDW: True. Thank goodness they were just feeling us out with the first wave. But it gave me quite a scare when they appeared completely out of the blue.

M16A1: Then...do you have any clues regarding the weapon Sangvis Ferri used just now?

IDW: Hmm... It happened so quickly I couldn't make out anything.

IDW: But judging by the marks left on the ground, it's probably game over if you get hit.

M4A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: What is it, M4?

M4A1: Nothing...

M4A1: ...Just a bit afraid.

M4A1: How many secrets...is Sangvis Ferri still hiding?

It has been many days since the pursuit, but the AR Team is still continuing the search.

M16A1: Anything new, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: Nothing yet... Not a single trace of AR-15...

M4 SOPMOD II: We're too shorthanded with just the three of us.

M16A1: (Sighs) After what happened last time, HQ doesn't wanna take the risk of searching for AR-15.

M4 SOPMOD II: I wonder...how AR-15's doing right now...

M16A1: Sangvis Ferri hasn't been making any moves, so she should be safe for now.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ah, M4's back.

M4A1: Guys, I am back with a new assignment.

M4A1: Helian just informed us that a Griffin squad had not made it out in time during the evacuation.

M4 SOPMOD II: She wants us to rescue them?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's a hail of bullets out there. What T-Dolls could be so important?

M16A1: Stop whining. If it's a mission, we just get it done.

M16A1: Commander, show us the way.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

The AR Team entered the control center.

...

M4 SOPMOD II: (Gestures) 'There's a human target in there.'

M4A1: ... (Nods)

M4A1: (Gestures) Ready. 3, 2, 1...

...Bang!

M4A1: Human over there! Arms in the air! Face us!

??: ...

M4A1: Last warning. Put your arms in the air, or we will have the license to shoot!

??: No, you don't...

Kryuger: ...Not at me.

M16A1: ...!!

M16A1: My deepest apologies, Mr. Kryuger!

M16A1: Sorry to be blunt, Mr. Kryuger.

M16A1: But this doesn't match up with what we've learned about this mission.

M16A1: Not to mention, it's very dangerous not to carry any signal identification device on your person on enemy territory.

Kryuger: It'd be even more dangerous if my signal didn't pass Sangvis' authorization authentication.

Kryuger: The new device is still flawed. I need to get 16Lab to make some improvements.

M4 SOPMOD II: Are you here...just to test out this new device?

M4 SOPMOD II: We're a special operations force, not some security squad!

M4A1: SOP-II, calm down!

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: I still trust you.

Kryuger: Finish collecting data from this place, then bring this new assignment to your commander.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Helian: Commander, I know a lot has happened recently.

Helian: ...But it's heartening to see you're still in good spirits.

Helian: All this time, we've been relying on T-Dolls to ensure our safety.

Helian: Yet we can no longer keep our T-Dolls safe...

Helian: Still, please don't worry. 16Lab has already started working on rectifying the defect found in their neural clouds.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger will also strengthen management on Griffin T-Dolls to prevent incidents like this from happening again.

Helian: Now, please accept this new assignment.

Helian: Commander, there's something we've been keeping from the AR Team.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger discovered a copy of AR-15's neural cloud during our last operation.

Helian: It might have been left behind deliberately by AR-15, but some content is missing.

Helian: Please have the AR Team collect the missing fragments, but don't let them read the content.

Helian: I'm handing this to you, Commander. I trust your judgement.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Arrived at the destination. Starting data retrieval...

M16A1: M4, have you started retrieving the data?

M4A1: Yes, I am recovering AR-15's neural cloud. Please stand guard.

M4 SOPMOD II: This is...where we collected data before...

M4 SOPMOD II: Dammit! So we almost got them last time!

M16A1: That's precisely why Sangvis Ferri is doing everything to stop us.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...AR-15.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why...can't we at least know her whereabouts...?

M4 SOPMOD II: She's our companion, right?!

M16A1: ...

M16A1: You once asked me...

M16A1: Why we're equipped with emotion modules despite being tools of combat.

M16A1: The thing is, having emotions is a flaw in itself, SOP-II.

M16A1: T-Dolls or humans, we are all defective beings.

M16A1: Never expect sympathy from them. Especially not now.

M4 SOPMOD II: M16...

M4 SOPMOD II: (Sighs) Somehow you always come up with these oddly reasonable arguments.

M16A1: It's a logic of reasoning designed especially for convincing AIs of Griffin T-Dolls.

M4A1: Document retrieved. Let us make our retreat.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh...

M4A1: SOP-II... I heard everything...

M4 SOPMOD II: Sorry, M4A1. I kinda lost it just now...

M4A1: It is all right, SOP-II.

M4A1: To be honest, I am also very confused right now...

M4A1: But I believe that AR-15 has not deserted us, nor we her, do you not agree?

M4A1: So long as we do not desert each other, then one day, we shall meet again.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: M4A1, you seem to have matured? ...But you're just an T-Doll.

M4A1: (Smiles) You said it yourself.

M4A1: I am the commander of the AR Team. I have the responsibility of lead you.

In a tactical control center in Area S09 under Griffin jurisdiction...

Kalina: Oh, Commander, you're still waiting for your orders?

Kalina: Sorry... Miss Helian has left on some urgent business.

Kalina: Anyway, she's left it to me to issue your mission.

Kalina: According to information acquired by the AR Team and some other T-Dolls, Sangvis Ferri is hatching a plot that poses tremendous threat to Griffin.

Kalina: We must take the initiative to strike first so as to stop this unprecedented crisis.

Kalina: Well... That's what Miss Helian said.

Kalina: Though I simply can't imagine why they hate us so much...

Kalina: But whatever the case, many Sangvis elite units are still prowling around this area, making things dangerous for us.

Kalina: Please clear the area to ensure the smooth operation of our counterattack.

Kalina: This is the last battle before the counterattack. Please begin, Commander.

Kalina: No matter how great the difficulty, we will surely overcome it!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Factory, Griffin HQ...

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, the analysis is out.

Helian: The information left behind by AR-15 matches with Squad 404's previous discovery.

Kryuger: Looks like Sangvis Ferri intends to wipe out Griffin once and for all with their next plan.

Helian: So soon? I find it hard to believe they have that many T-Dolls in reserve.

Kryuger: They don't need T-Dolls, Helian. She has something way more dangerous up her sleeve.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger... You've already found out so much.

Helian: Did you really come across her in that building?

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: It's raining on the plain, and parapluie...or umbrella...is the key.

Kryuger: No matter. With AR-15's information, we can now find the exact location of this Plan Parapluie.

Helian: AR-15...

Helian: She's still doing her best to help us even now...

Kryuger: She is merely fulfilling her purpose, Helian.

Helian: I understand, but right now I'm just a little...

Kryuger: I have no prejudice against T-Dolls, and I am very grateful for the duty they shoulder for mankind's sake.

Kryuger: I can also understand why some field commanders treat them as equals.

Kryuger: But whether you view them as tools or friends or whatever...

Kryuger: The moment they fall under outside control, you have to make a choice.

Kryuger: Bid them farewell in person, or stand by and watch as they drag everyone along into the abyss.

Helian: Then...our choice is...

Kryuger: Give it a bit more time, Helian. The choice is not ours to make.

Kryuger: That commander stills needs some time.

Helian: Is this another...grooming session?

Kryuger: No...

Kyruger: This time, it's a test.

Kyruger: Helian, take stock of our T-Doll roster. Report all the ones fit for battle.

Kyruger: We must be prepared. It's our turn to make a move now.

...Nearing the conclusion of Operation Hypothermia. Griffin Control.

Helian: Thank you for your hard work on the operation, Commander.

Helian: Persica's technical analysis on Jupiter is almost complete. We'll be able to launch a full-scale counterstrike very soon.

Helian: However, I summoned you today for a different mission.

Helian: Come in, M99.

M99: Yes, ma'am.

M99: Good evening, Commander.

Helian: Commander, Sangvis Ferri has been wreaking havoc on Griffin territories with Jupiter, posing a severe threat to the safety of our human settlements.

Helian: Even our supply routes and storehouses have been jeopardized, which greatly hinders our efforts in bringing in supplies to the local settlements.

Helian: To that end, HQ has decided to dispatch a squad to a storehouse that came under Jupiter's attack so as to salvage any surviving supplies and transport them to a local town.

Helian: M99 is the T-Doll leader in charge of this operation. Your mission is to guide her and her squad in carrying out the operation.

M99: It's an honor to serve with you. I'll be counting on you, Commander!

Click.

??: Hawk to Chief. Hawk to Chief.

M99: Ah... I copy. Please go ahead, Hawk.

Type97S: Is everything ready? I'm turning into a popsicle out here!

M99: Sorry for taking so long. We just got the green light. I'm heading out right now!

……

M99: Oh my...

Type97S: What is it?

Type97S: The Commander is already on the move. We should also get started.

M99: True... But...

M99: We're traveling in the dark, Hawk. Aren't you nervous at all?

Type97S: Not at all. Escort missions are my forte - what's there to be nervous about?

Type97S: Besides, I've run this route many times before while patrolling with Mosin-Nagant and her friends. We all know it like the back of our hand.

M99: Really... No wonder Miss Helian assigned you to me...

M99: But personally, I can only feel at ease if I can see far ahead, and vision is bad during the night...

M99: I still have much to learn...

Type97S: Haha, we all have things we're good at and things we're not. Specialization, you know.

M99: But why must they send me? I'm clearly not fit for such operations.

Type97S: Jeez, Chief... Things don't always go the way we want. Sometimes we can only accept that and move on.

Type97S: Don't worry about tonight. You're part of what I'm escorting, and I won't let anyone touch a hair on you!

M99: (Sighs) Very much appreciated. Let's go. We shouldn't keep the others waiting.

M99: Commander, our destination is the storehouse across the mountain. Please lead us on our way.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Arrived at the designated storehouse.

Type97S: (Waves) Lil' 56! Long time no see!

Type56-1: We've been waiting for a while. Did something happen on your way here?

M99: Apologies. There were a lot of Sangvis units along the way. We lost a bit of time making detours.

Type56-1: No problem. The supplies are all packed and ready to go. Let's move out ASAP.

Type97S: Is that all? I thought we could at least fill up a few trucks.

Type56-1: There used to be a lot more...but they've been moved away. That's why I was sent to guard the last of them.

M99: Huh? Is S.F. so poor they have to come after our supplies?

Type56-1: Well...

Type56-1: It was actually the human residents from the neighboring areas, but PR matters, you know...

Type56-1: If Jupiter hadn't attacked, I'm afraid we couldn't even have saved this last batch.

M99: I see...

M99: All resources are delegated by the military under strict regulations. No one can touch them without permission. Not even humans.

M99: We must protect the rest of the supplies to the best of our ability.

Type97S: Alright, let's deliver them safely to our destination!

Half an hour later. On the move.

Type56-1: Chief...

Type56-1: Say, it's already midnight. Why don't we grab a snack?

M99: Are you hungry? I have some chocolate here.

Type56-1: Hmm...

Type56-1: That's hardly enough. Not to mention... (takes the chocolate)

Type56-1 snaps the chocolate lightly.

M99: Hey, what are you doing?! Don't waste it even if you don't want it!

Type56-1: This definitely feels like adulterated fat, Chief.

Type56-1: This has to be from 92. She knows you can't tell the difference, so she's always giving you the cheap stuff.

M99: Huh? What's the big deal? It can still be eaten...

M99: You're always very down-to-earth. Since when have you become so picky...?

Type97S: 56 is a huge foodie. You, on the other hand, could learn a thing or two.

Type97S: I suggest you tag along the next time 95 and 97 go shopping.

M99: There are more important things to do. I have no time for leisure.

M99: Besides, don't expect so much in the middle of a mission!

M99: Even if there's to be a proper meal, we have to wait for everyone to show up.

Type97S: Is someone else coming? I thought we were heading directly to our destination.

M99: We need to stop by the recon outpost in the area first to meet up with NZ.

M99: She was sent to scout ahead, but now she's back.

Type56-1: NZ, huh... Do we really need her with us?

Type56-1: That kid is always so difficult. I volunteered to check out the storehouse to avoid her in the first place...

Type97S: Haha, so NZ is nearby!

Type97S: Don't worry. I'm pretty close with her. She won't mess around with me here.

M99: It's okay, 56. NZ is very serious on missions.

M99: Also, we can't use the humans' supplies, so we can't cook until she reports back about the supply outpost.

Type56-1: What?! Then let's meet up with her quickly! I'm starving!

M99: (Chuckles) Hang in there until then...

M99: Commander, please lead us to the recon outpost over there.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Arrived at the recon outpost where NZ-75 is located.

M99: Hmm? Where's NZ?

Type56-1: Doesn't seem to be here. What should we do?

Type97S: It's fine. I know what to do...

Type97S: Hey, NZ! Your new dress is here! This one has the print of...

Clang!

M99: Oh, so you were up there the whole time...

NZ75: S-S-Screw you!

NZ75: I didn't buy any new dress whatsoever!

Type97S: Whatever. It can't be any more tasteless than the one you got last week anyway...

Type97S: Hurry up and give the chief your report!

NZ75: Jeez...

NZ75: Report as follows: many Sangvis bases lie ahead, but security level is relatively low. Shouldn't be too big a problem as long as we're careful.

Type56-1: Where can we resupply?

Type56-1: I mean somewhere with proper food, not energy bars or chocolate.

NZ75: Oh, about that...

NZ75: Sorry to tell you...but all the supply outposts along the route are either destroyed or looted after the security system went down...

Type56-1: W-What?!

Type56-1: Dammit! I knew I should've ignored the arrangement and swapped with you!

NZ75: It'd have been the same no matter who had this job. Besides, my stomach is also growling here...

M99: Then there's nothing we can do.

M99: Let's dig in on the emergency canned food and move the stuff quickly.

M99: The locals there will surely show us some great hospitality...

NZ75: Humph. They're counting on relief supplies. Don't expect them to cook us anything decent.

Type56-1: I say we pop the crates open and keep some stuff for ourselves. No one's gonna find out.

M99: No, these goods are to be transported on the military's order. We must not touch them!

M99: You're known for being honest, 56! How could you even suggest such a thing?!

Type56-1: So what if I'm honest?! Doesn't mean I'll take this crap!

Type56-1: No one can fight on an empty stomach!

Type97S: To be honest, while I'm not as passionate about food as 56...

Type97S: I also find it hard to keep up my spirits with just a few ration cans when there's nowhere to resupply...

NZ75: We are technically authorized to borrow resources from humans to maintain our operational efficiency, right?

M99: That's true...but please hang in there for just a little longer.

M99: We're not far from our destination. Let's travel farther ahead. We're bound to come across a supply outpost that's intact at some point...I hope...

NZ75: I almost thought you were gonna say we're bound to come across an oasis...

Type97S: Just listen to the chief, NZ. We're under orders, after all.

Type97S: We must stay united and work together, and bear with any difficulties we encounter, got it?

NZ75: Tsk. Then hurry up already. Let's get this over with ASAP.

Half an hour later.

……

M99: Human settlement within sight.

M99: How's everybody doing? Can you all make it?

NZ75: Don't make it sound as if we need to use the toilet badly...

Type56-1: But now that you mention it, I feel even hungrier...

M99: Uhh...

M99: Sorry. It wasn't on purpose...

Type97S: Don't worry about these two gluttons, M99. Just keep doing what you should be doing...

Rumble...

NZ75: Pffft...

NZ75: That's your stomach, isn't it, Hawk?

Type97S: What're you laughing at? Wanna die?!

Type97S: If you keep laughing, I'm gonna post your haul from the thrift store last week onto my feed, you hear me?!

M99: Calm down, both of you. Keep this civil...

M99: Getting serious now, are we?

M99: Why don't I show everyone the rice porridge you made last time? I'm sure 79 will beat the crap outta you again!

Type56-1: Oh? This isn't really the time to shame each other. Let's all calm down...

NZ75: Ha! I'm surprised you even have the nerve to say anything!

NZ75: Do you have any idea how many T-Dolls had to get fixed up in the factory because of the mooncake recipe you gave P7? All the reports we had to make!

Type56-1: Huh? How was her prank my fault?!

Type56-1: Then what about the roast pork you made last month? You just chucked all that soy sauce in there! If 92 had seen it she'd have skinned you alive!

NZ75: M-My hand slipped, okay?! Hawk also forgot the oil when she was frying an egg and the pan was completely ruined!

NZ75: I didn't know how to get rid of all that gunk and finally managed to persuade someone to eat it...

Type56-1: Wait! So it was the two of you!

NZ75: Oops. Didn't mean to spill that...

Type56-1: 59 was actually hospitalized because of that, did you know that?!

Type97S: Haha... C-C'mon, it wasn't entirely our fault!

Type97S: I didn't know she'd just wolf it all down! Seriously, she's old enough to chew her food properly!

Type56-1: Stop right there! Don't you dare run away!

M99: Uh... Everyone, please quiet down! Be quiet!

……

M99: Sigh... Why can't things just go smoothly for once...?

M99: Please clear up the hostile units on our way for now, Commander...

M99: I'll catch up when I manage to smooth things out with the team...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

An empty Griffin supply outpost somewhere.

……

Type56-1: What...are we even doing...

NZ75: (Sighs)...

NZ75: All that fighting has made me even hungrier...

Type56-1: Even this base has been looted...

Type56-1: We're guarding a kitchen but have nothing to eat... How sad...

Type97S: Say, Chief... Can't we go?

Type97S: Hasn't the Commander cleared the way already?

M99: I'm sorry, but it isn't time yet. We can't move until there's a gap in the enemy's patrols.

M99: A Sangvis Ringleader is lurking in the area, and according to intel, she's in control of a Jupiter...

M99: If we expose our presence, not only will we be screwed, even the neighboring human settlements will suffer.

NZ75: Tsk. How long do we have to wait...?

NZ75: Why should we starve for humans' sake...?

Type97S: Hey, has your empty stomach driven you mad? How dare you even say such a thing...

Type97S: Many people are still waiting at home for the emergency rations we're delivering...

Type56-1: But the problem is...

Type56-1: Those humans aren't actually short on food...

Type97S: Huh? What do you mean?

Type56-1: Those supplies...are actually ingredients for the rich to throw banquets with...

Type56-1: They're all of top quality. Otherwise, they wouldn't have been looted so thoroughly.

NZ75: What?! Then why didn't you say so?!

NZ75: So we've been risking our lives and starving ourselves all this way just to move leftovers for the moneybags?!

Type56-1: I was gonna bring this up when we got there. We could even ask for some if we're lucky...

Type56-1: But at this point, we're going nowhere anyway. Why don't we sneak a bite first...

M99: Hey, don't do it!

M99: Once again, a mission is a mission. We can't unpack others' goods for our own use!

Type97S: I also think it's a good idea to bear with it for now and wait till we break through the enemy's blockade...

NZ75: But how are we supposed to fight when we're starving to death...

Type56-1: That's right! The body is the capital for revolution!

Type56-1: Besides, there's only this much left of what we can deliver, and we've been delayed. We'll get scolded even if we make the delivery...

NZ75: It's gonna be hell if we go, and it's gonna be hell if we eat up the goods. It's gonna be hell either way, I'd rather go to hell on a full stomach!

Type97S: What kind of argument is that...

Type97S: Though...you do have a point. Imagine the shame of losing a battle because of hunger...

M99: Hey, not you too...

Type56-1: Chief, this is three against one.

M99: Ugh...

……

NZ75: Now listen. Let's get our story straight. If they ask, we say the goods were lost on the way.

Type97S: As long as we're all in this together, nothing can stop us. Let's go!

M99: Is this really the time to quote lyrics...

M99: And I'll allow only one pack - no more than that!

Type56-1: Haha, don't worry! These will be enough to cheer us up!

Type56-1: I have a huge piece of pork here. Still fresh! What about the vegetables, 97?

Type97S: Hey, take a look at this persimmon! So red and fleshy. As expected of the city dwellers' food!

NZ75: Tsk. That's a tomato. What a country bumpkin. Can't even tell them apart, huh.

NZ75: Remember that time when they asked you to bring back some persimmons and you came back with dried persimmon pastries. Type56R took a nibble and couldn't stomach anything else for the rest of the day.

NZ75: The only good cooks are Type64 and Type88, but 64 keeps hurting herself in the kitchen...

Type97S: She's way too delicate. That little princess can cut three of her fingers just popping a can open...

Type97S: Besides, they may be good at cooking, but they don't use proper ingredients!

Type97S: Miss 88 makes mapo tofu with tofu pudding! 63 was so pissed she just left!

Type56-1: So that's why 63 threw a fit that time? I had never seen her so angry...

NZ75: 63 is also a blockhead herself... The only sort of seasoning she knows how to use is raw chilli!

NZ75: You know how picky 92 is when it comes to Sichuan cuisine. If she saw that, she'd kick 63 right out of the kitchen!

M99: Hey...I didn't know you bunch have so many issues. You all seem fine working together...

Type56-1: I can put up with anything that comes up during work, but sacrilege against proper cookery is unacceptable!

Type97S: Are you really one to talk?

Type97S: You approved quite heartily that time when NZ put ketchup onto sweet and sour pork!

Type97S: If I were Chief, I'd send you over to eat potatoes every day with Miss Lee Enfield and Sten!

Type56-1: Huh? Was that NZ?

Type56-1: That tasted really nice, you know. Much better than your so-called "proper" sweet and sour pork...

Type97S: What?! You couldn't taste the ketchup?! Is something wrong with your stomach or your tongue?!

NZ75: You mean YOUR tongue, stupid fat hawk! Have all the walnuts you ate yesterday gone to your brain?!

M99: Listen!

M99: Stop fighting, guys! We finally decided to all work together. It's not worth it to start another argument over nothing but a dish...

Type56-1: Chief, that's why you always lose out - you let things pass all the time...

Type97S: And what do you mean "nothing but a dish"?! You know nothing about sweet and sour pork!

M99: Uh, sweet and sour pork... Isn't that just ribs seasoned with sugar and vinegar?

...

......

M99: Why...have you all suddenly gone quiet?

NZ75: Just run, Chief. Hawk's gonna break your tiny body bone by bone any second now...

M99: Uh...Hawk, what's with the creepy smile? Cut it out...

Type97S: Chief, I've been sincerely happy hanging out with you these days...

Type97S: But sadly, sweet and sour pork is sweet and sour pork. Not ketchup. Not sugar or vinegar either...

M99: Hey, Hawk! What are you doing?! S-Stay away!

NZ75: H-Hold on! Is that an engine I'm hearing?!

Type56-1: It's Jupiter! Duck!

...BOOM!

...

NZ75: Cough...

NZ75: Hey, is everyone alright?!

M99: Cough, we're fine... We're all in the bunker. Only the kitchen collapsed...

Type97S: Come again?!

NZ75: K...

NZ75: Kit...chen...?

Type97S: 56! 56, are you alright?!

...

Type56-1: ...

Type56-1: Gone...

Type56-1: It's all...gone...

…5 minutes later.

Destroyer: Hahaha! Griffin weaklings, how do you like them apples?

Destroyer: I had detected you a long while ago, but I didn't want to scare you guys off too early.

Destroyer: Even if this strike did not kill you, Jupiter has given you a taste of its terrifying power!

Destroyer: With the next strike, I'll...

Type56-1: There won't be a next strike…

Destroyer: Huh？

Type97S: I recall…your name is Destroyer, correct?

Destroyer: Huhu, of course! I'm the explosives expert at Sangvis Ferri!

Destroyer: I even almost defeated your boss, so the likes of you are no match for me...

NZ75: Whatever happened with our boss is none of our business...

NZ75: But today will be the day you die!

Destroyer: Haaah? You talk real big! Do you know who you're talking to? I am…

NZ75: Of course we know who you are… Aren't you that idiot Sangvis that M4 wiped the floor with?

Type97S: The commander of forces that only know defeat, a spineless weakling!

Type56-1: And now, you will pay for what you've done!

…In the ruins, three T-Dolls' fists are raised together.

Type56-1: For the fresh pork…

Type97S: And the luscious persimmons…

NZ75: …Thanks, but they're tomatoes.

NZ75: Comrades…we must not let their sacrifice be in vain. We will not be defeated here!

Destroyer: Pork? Persimmons? What are you talking about? I never bombed anything like that!

Destroyer: Wait! You're just gonna charge at me?

Destroyer: Guards, stop them! Stop this bunch of wild dogs!

……

M99: Phew… Everyone finally decided to focus on the enemy.

M99: …Although the situation is a bit unexpected. I guess it's just as Hawk said before, sometimes things don't go the way we want.

M99: Umm...Commander, are you still on the line?

M99: Even though they're all pumped up, the enemy does have quite a number of troops.

M99: Please take command to provide us with an opportunity for a breakthrough.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

……

Destroyer: Damn it! They escaped… Those monsters suddenly acted as if they were going to commit a suicide attack!

Destroyer: All units cease fire! Return to the base and await for further orders!

Destroyer: I'll let you go this time, but the next time won't be so easy!

……

M99: …With the help of the Commander, we broke through the Sangvis blockade.

M99: We arrived at the human settlement two hours later and handed off the goods to the person in charge.

M99: Of course, the recipient did not raise any objections to my "excuse" for the loss of goods.

M99: It is an era of chaos after all, and those supplies are nothing to those who are relatively abundant.

M99: However, we couldn't escape Miss Helian's keen eye for detail...

…Griffin HQ.

Helian: M99, what's going on here?

Helian: I checked the list of goods and there seems to be a small difference between when you received it and when you delivered it.

M99: Umm… I explained it to the person in charge there…

Helian: According to your report, this difference was lost in battle.

Helian: Yet, the packaging of the supplies in the photos seems to be in pristine condition...

Helian: I'm sure these supplies were well protected in battle, so I don't think one box would inexplicably go missing...

M99: That's… That's because…

Helian: Lying is meaningless, you know.

Helian: I don't want to look through your neural cloud for this trivial matter…

M99: ...

M99: (Although this is a trivial matter, a T-Doll such as myself still do not have the authority to lie to a superior...)

M99: (Since we've come to this point… Sorry, everyone…)

M99: I'm sorry, Miss Helian...

M99: At that time, we weren't able to find a safe resupply point with enough resources, and it would've been very difficult for us to complete the mission on low supplies.

M99: That's why...

M99: I——

…Beep.

…Helian receives a call.

Helian: …Excuse me for a moment.

M99: (Quiet voice) …ordered everyone to take from the cargo…

Helian: Hello? …Go ahead...

Helian: Oh…is that so...

Helian: …I see, so it was a misunderstanding.

Helian: …That's alright, you don't need to apologize......No, she didn't give me any trouble. We were just confirming a few things.

Helian: …Alright, please keep up the good work.

…Call ended.

Helian: M99, the Commander just called and told me...

Helian: Your team was critically low on supplies during battle and you were ordered to open up the goods to use as emergency resupply, is that right?

M99: Huh?

M99: Uh…that's right…

Helian: Very well. This is an acceptable reason, but you should be honest in your report.

Helian: Only in this way will we be able to more suitably arrange and upgrade supply points and to prevent similar incidences in the future.

M99: I will be more careful next time. I'm terribly sorry for causing this issue…

Helian: On another note, your team did quite well in this mission.

Helian: Your team will be rewarded after we receive your evaluation from the settlement. Take this time to rest and recover.

…One hour later, the team gathered outside.

M99: Hawk, you roped the Commander into our lie, didn't you?

Type97S: Hey hey, you can't call it a lie.

Type97S: After all, we wouldn't have the authority to touch the humans' stuff if the Commander objected to it.

NZ75: Yup, that's why the Commander is our accomplice now.

Type56-1: Chief, they already accepted the goods. Are you still feeling guilty?

M99: Phew… Not anymore.

M99: Since the Commander helped us out, it'd be too senseless of me to ignore Commander's goodwill.

Type97S: It's a real pity what happened to those persimmons… The soil here at Griffin's base can't grow anything even remotely as beautiful…

Type56-1: The same goes for the pork… Its plumpness is engraved into my neural cloud…

M99: Hehe…

NZ75: What are you giggling about, Chief?

M99 opens a container by her feet.

M99: Guess what I've got~

Type56-1: Hey, isn't this…?!

Type97S: Meat and vegetables… Just like the stuff from earlier!

NZ75: Where did you get this from, Chief?!

M99: Huhu…well…

M99: After learning that we finished the job on an empty stomach, the client gave this to me as a small token of appreciation before we left.

M99: "Who can resist a cute T-Doll? A human deliveryman on the other hand would've surely been yelled at regardless of who's fault it was!"

M99: ...Hawk reasoned as everyone carried the food to the cafeteria.

M99: At this point, I finally realize why Helian sent me as the team leader. It was all to give the client a better impression of Griffin.

M99: I feel very honored to be a representative of Griffin, but one day I will prove my worth with my strength.

M99: But today...I will enjoy the fruits of our labor.

M99: I believe that as long as we work together, there is nothing that we can't do...

Type56-1/Speaker>||4<黑屏2: Oh, by the way, M99, don't forget to invite the Commander tonight.

Type97S: That's right. It was a long and arduous road. We need to share the spoils of war with our comrade in arms!

Type97S: But does anyone know what the Commander likes? If the Commander doesn't like cilantro or Chinese onion…

M99: Yeah… I'm not sure what the Commander likes…

M99: Which one of you wants to investigate?

NZ75: Speaking of investigation, I just heard some bad news, everyone. Very bad news…

NZ75: Type64 is making her own Chinese sausages again…

Type56-1: What?!

M99: Huh? So…?

Type97S: Type64's sweet Chinese sausages are salty! Is that even edible?!

Type56-1: Chief, you can't even call them Chinese sausages. They're bacon in disguise!

M99: That's… (I personally wouldn't mind…)

NZ75: Moreover, those things seem to have won the love of the old fogeys like 56R and 59 recently…

NZ75: Our situation is becoming more and more dire…

Type56-1: I'll make it clear that at least on the stance of sweet sausages, I'm on your side!

Type56-1: We must unite together to resist the revival of capitalistic ideologies!

M99: W-Wait a minute, do you need go that far...?

NZ75: Hawk, tell them you're making cola wings tonight. Have Type64 open the cans for you.

NZ75: I guarantee her fingers will be bleeding all over within ten cans, and she'll be stuck in the Repair Bay for the rest of the night!

M99: That's backstabbing! Don't do it!

Type56-1: This is called the people's conflict resolution! I'm going to get a case from 92 right now!

M99: Hey, 56, stop right there! I won't let you have your way!

Type97S/Speaker>||<震屏: Jeez, Chief…

Type97S/Speaker>||<震屏: Things don't always go the way we want. Sometimes we can only accept that and move on.

M99: What are you even talking about!

M99: You guys, stop right now!

M99: Of course… Victory can only be achieved when we all work as one...

M99: Perhaps next time I should listen to 64's and 95's ideas…

